portsmouth chief executive michael brown says he does not think the club 's future is a chance for the club .
a mumbai court has ordered bollywood star salman khan to stand trial in connection with a 2002 hit - and - run crash in 2002 .
mobile phone firm three has announced it is to abolish roaming charges for some of its customers .
the ballymena united fan of the french team has been honoured by the french football association -lrb- psg -rrb- .
england women have made two changes for saturday 's women 's six nations game against ireland at twickenham .
an indian man has said he fears for his life after he was beaten up by a man who tried to stop him being beaten up .
chinese artist ai weiwei has accused lego of ` ` anti - semitism and discrimination '' .
a fire has broken out at a house in east renfrewshire , causing extensive damage to the building .
the man who once dubbed ` ` the first guy '' has been described as the ` ` first lady '' .
at least eight people have been killed in a plane crash in north - west colombia , officials say .
two of scotland 's largest arts organisations are to lose their jobs , it has been announced , in a move that could see them replaced .
a painting by french artist henri monet has sold for # 31.7 m at an auction in london .
the families of eight british men killed by british forces in malaysia have lost an appeal against a uk government inquiry .
hovercravel has said it is considering introducing a service between the isle of wight and portsmouth .
tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a council to close a public swimming pool in derby .
kenya 's prime minister uhuru kenyatta has ordered the country 's central bank to introduce tougher rules on money - laundering .
colombia 's government and the country 's largest rebel group , the farc , have announced plans to create unarmed observers .
alan campbell 's game - fixing career in the english football league has been a huge hit .
the number of children being put for adoption in foster care in england has dropped by more than a third in five years .
a man 's body has been found in a block of flats in a glasgow city centre street .
christmas day is set to be the uk 's biggest christmas day , with thousands of patients having to eat .
when i first started working on a new apple iphone , i had a look at the best - known technology .
us president barack obama has asked the white house to set aside $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- to fund the use of military equipment .
a teachers ' union has voted to tighten rules on ` ` fundamental british values '' in schools .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found dead in a house in north belfast .
british actress dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with a rare form of blindness .
a grade ii - listed market hall in anglesey is to be turned into a community centre .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says he is ` ` gutted '' to be named scottish premiership player of the year .
a french tourist has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital tunis , police say .
at least 10 people have been killed in a collision between a minivan and a minivan in ghana .
a school in hampshire has closed its doors to the end of the year because of a shortage of single sex teaching .
a dog has been rescued by the coastguard after being rescued by a coastguard rescue dog in devon .
leicester tigers head coach danny murphy hopes the premiership play - off final will help boost the club 's chances of reaching the top four .
india 's national dish , which is popular for many of the world 's most popular restaurants , is a staple of recipes .
the government has been accused of ` ` grave miscarriages '' over the use of a # 1,000 tax charge .
manchester city have signed tottenham defender kyle walker for an undisclosed fee , believed to be # 50 m .
a gene defect linked to male infertile may be hampering the ability to produce sperm , researchers say .
it 's the 40th anniversary of eastenders ' lucy beale party - and it 's not all about to be complete .
arsenal ladies defender alex hartley has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
former rangers captain jon daly says he would consider leaving the club if he was offered a new contract .
plans to turn a grade ii - listed building into flats in reading into flats have been unveiled .
a police force has taken to social media to warn parents that they will go to jail if they are bad .
lifeguards will be deployed to a beach where five men drowned in the summer , a councillor has said .
the government is to publish a draft plan to cut pollution in some parts of the uk 's worst urban areas .
a conference on the future of charlie hebdo has been cancelled by the university of belfast -lrb- qub -rrb- .
a us man who shot cecil the lion in zimbabwe has been described as ` ` sick in the head '' .
friends of the earth have signed a petition calling for the european union to reject a controversial free trade deal .
england test captain alastair cook 's unbeaten start to the season continued as division two leaders essex dominated essex .
a cat has died after being poisoned by antifreeze , the rspca has confirmed , the bbc understands .
canadian officials have detained two canadian performers in beijing , canada , in connection with a suspected illegal drug trafficking .
prime minister theresa may has warned the uk government is ` ` listening to the scots '' after brexit .
four players from the ospreys have taken part in a series of raids to highlight their commitment to the community .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he was ` ` ready '' for his side 's 2 - 0 win over manchester united .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at the celtic v rangers v rangers match .
police have apologised for a ` ` offensive '' picture of a bronze sculpture which was won by a cornwall council .
sue townsend is to play the role of adrian mole on stage for the first time since her death .
a three - month - old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in gateshead .
the trial of two men accused of trying to murder a postman in glasgow has heard that dna linked to him .
the museum of london 's victoria and albert museum has opened its doors for the first time time .
british and irish lions wing george north and wing george henshaw have been ruled out of the tour of new zealand .
the prime minister has called for a ` ` reassurance '' to eu nationals in the uk after brexit .
the white house has said it is ` ` going banana '' after a judge issued a temporary order against the us government 's immigration policy .
england batsman joe root hit a career - best 98 as nottinghamshire lost to warwickshire in the one - day cup .
a man has been jailed for three months for assaulting muslim worshippers at a mosque in dundee .
us carmaker hyundai motor has offered to help us workers who have lost their jobs in the us .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract .   's manager .
the authorities in the north - eastern brazilian city of porto say they are searching for eight people feared dead after an explosion at a factory .
firefighters in chile have been battling a series of forest fires in the north - eastern region .
the appointment of the new northern ireland executive press secretary has been described as ` ` shameful '' .
egyptian officials say they have found ` ` multiple flaws '' in the building of the great pyramid .
the remains of the late ira member kevin mckee and his brother kevin mckee have been identified as those of the disappeared .
the latest episode of the islamic holy month -lrb- we get you -rrb- is a popular tv prank .
a plaid cymru councillor has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
norway 's government has turned down a plan to send a summit of the country 's highest mountain to finland .
mexico 's football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- says it will investigate fifa 's punishment for ` ` homophobic chanting '' .
islam slimani scored twice as leicester city eased into the efl cup quarter - finals with victory over sheffield united .
wales captain sam warburton says he will ` ` take risks '' when they face new zealand on saturday .
a group of teenage girls and boys are to be recruited by gloucester cathedral to boost their singing skills .
` ` it 's a dream come true , '' says angelo fusco , the man who once dubbed the ` ` battle of belfast '' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the creator of the bitcoin virtual currency , bitcoin , has said he will not take part in the project .
women 's super league two club yeovil town ladies have signed former yeovil town and england under-20 international emily howard .
at lido beach , the uk 's most popular tourist destination , the bbc 's andrew andrew andrew barclay describes the ` ` people '' .
a court in brazil has sentenced a man to 30 years in jail for the murder of an indigenous woman in the amazon region .
durham batsman ben stokes has been recalled to the england squad for the one - day series against pakistan .
the police and crime commissioner for bedfordshire has said he is ` ` worried '' about the impact of policing .
an investigation is under way after a man was killed in a collision with a motorcycle in east sussex .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found dead in a glasgow city centre shopping street .
the head of the metropolitan police is to review its handling of allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations .
north korea 's supreme court has denied that a us citizen was involved in a plot to overthrow the government .
barnet leapfrogged hartlepool into the league two play - offs with a 2 - 0 win at hartlepool .
the bbc has published details of a draft plan to bring northern ireland 's public services to northern ireland .
partick thistle manager adam archibald is one of the best managers in scottish football , according to club captain osman .
it 's been a week since the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
a turkish woman has been arrested in turkey for insulting president recep tayyip erdogan .
wilfried bony scored a hat - trick as ivory coast beat algeria in the quarter - finals of the africa cup of nations .
apple has reported a rise in sales of its iphones and tablet computers in the first quarter of the year .
the european court of human rights -lrb- tuc -rrb- has ruled that mobile workers who travel to their first and last jobs could be affected by the ` ` working week '' .
an environmental permit has been revoked after a fire at a recycling site in manchester that was caused by a fire .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has submitted a bill which would allow women to end a pregnancy .
sport can be a reality check - up for young footballers with a heart condition that causes a heart attack .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found seriously injured in a street in north lanarkshire .
fifa president michel platini will be the next president of world football , the football association says .
a convicted robber who was jailed for more than 30 years for robbery has said he is ` ` fighting to his grave '' .
us president barack obama has called for a ` ` fundamental reduction '' in the number of refugees fleeing the conflict in syria .
libya 's bid to host the 2017 africa cup of nations has been delayed because of ongoing conflict in libya .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned the country 's decision to ban paralympians from rio 2016 .
world number one mark selby and china 's ding junhui are through to the quarter - finals of the world championship .
disney 's plan to screen a live - action remake of beauty and the beast has been approved .
lewis hamilton 's hopes of becoming the first driver to win the world championship were dented by a crash in final practice at the malaysian grand prix .
mexico 's government says it will end a long - running drought that has left thousands of people dead .
former world heavyweight champion and olympic champion tyson says the idea of a change in the sport 's rules is ` ` going to happen '' .
england footballer adam johnson has denied grooming and grooming offences with a child , a court has heard .
activity in the uk 's service sector slowed last month , according to a closely watched survey . .
a man has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a motorbike in nottingham .
thousands of eu nationals from non - uk countries have been sent polling cards and postal votes to eu nationals .
plans to transform alexandra 's grade ii - listed theatre into a tourist attraction have been unveiled .
authorities in nigeria 's capital , lagos , have shut down several buildings in an effort to curb noise .
newport county have signed striker tyler harvey from non - league side notts county on a two - year contract .
