portsmouth chief executive michael brown says he does not think the club 's future is a chance for the club .
a mumbai court has ordered bollywood star salman khan to stand trial in connection with a 2002 hit - and - run crash in 2002 .
a fire has broken out at a house in east renfrewshire , causing extensive damage to the building .
at least eight people have been killed in a plane crash in north - west colombia , officials say .
a painting by french artist henri monet has sold for # 31.7 m at an auction in london .
the families of eight british men killed by british forces in malaysia have lost an appeal against a uk government inquiry .
hovercravel has said it is considering introducing a service between the isle of wight and portsmouth .
kenya 's prime minister uhuru kenyatta has ordered the country 's central bank to introduce tougher rules on money - laundering .
alan campbell 's game - fixing career in the english football league has been a huge hit .
a man 's body has been found in a block of flats in a glasgow city centre street .
christmas day is set to be the uk 's biggest christmas day , with thousands of patients having to eat .
when i first started working on a new apple iphone , i had a look at the best - known technology .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found dead in a house in north belfast .
a grade ii - listed market hall in anglesey is to be turned into a community centre .
at least 10 people have been killed in a collision between a minivan and a minivan in ghana .
leicester tigers head coach danny murphy hopes the premiership play - off final will help boost the club 's chances of reaching the top four .
arsenal ladies defender alex hartley has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
former rangers captain jon daly says he would consider leaving the club if he was offered a new contract .
plans to turn a grade ii - listed building into flats in reading into flats have been unveiled .
a police force has taken to social media to warn parents that they will go to jail if they are bad .
a us man who shot cecil the lion in zimbabwe has been described as ` ` sick in the head '' .
friends of the earth have signed a petition calling for the european union to reject a controversial free trade deal .
england test captain alastair cook 's unbeaten start to the season continued as division two leaders essex dominated essex .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he was ` ` ready '' for his side 's 2 - 0 win over manchester united .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at the celtic v rangers v rangers match .
sue townsend is to play the role of adrian mole on stage for the first time since her death .
the authorities in the north - eastern brazilian city of porto say they are searching for eight people feared dead after an explosion at a factory .
a group of teenage girls and boys are to be recruited by gloucester cathedral to boost their singing skills .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
women 's super league two club yeovil town ladies have signed former yeovil town and england under-20 international emily howard .
an investigation is under way after a man was killed in a collision with a motorcycle in east sussex .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found dead in a glasgow city centre shopping street .
wilfried bony scored a hat - trick as ivory coast beat algeria in the quarter - finals of the africa cup of nations .
apple has reported a rise in sales of its iphones and tablet computers in the first quarter of the year .
an environmental permit has been revoked after a fire at a recycling site in manchester that was caused by a fire .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has submitted a bill which would allow women to end a pregnancy .
libya 's bid to host the 2017 africa cup of nations has been delayed because of ongoing conflict in libya .
world number one mark selby and china 's ding junhui are through to the quarter - finals of the world championship .
mexico 's government says it will end a long - running drought that has left thousands of people dead .
england footballer adam johnson has denied grooming and grooming offences with a child , a court has heard .
authorities in nigeria 's capital , lagos , have shut down several buildings in an effort to curb noise .
newport county have signed striker tyler harvey from non - league side notts county on a two - year contract .
