an indian man has said he fears for his life after he was beaten up by a man who tried to stop him being beaten up .
the man who once dubbed ` ` the first guy '' has been described as the ` ` first lady '' .
two of scotland 's largest arts organisations are to lose their jobs , it has been announced , in a move that could see them replaced .
tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea .
a dog has been rescued by the coastguard after being rescued by a coastguard rescue dog in devon .
canadian officials have detained two canadian performers in beijing , canada , in connection with a suspected illegal drug trafficking .
four players from the ospreys have taken part in a series of raids to highlight their commitment to the community .
the museum of london 's victoria and albert museum has opened its doors for the first time time .
england batsman joe root hit a career - best 98 as nottinghamshire lost to warwickshire in the one - day cup .
a man has been jailed for three months for assaulting muslim worshippers at a mosque in dundee .
firefighters in chile have been battling a series of forest fires in the north - eastern region .
the latest episode of the islamic holy month -lrb- we get you -rrb- is a popular tv prank .
at lido beach , the uk 's most popular tourist destination , the bbc 's andrew andrew andrew barclay describes the ` ` people '' .
a court in brazil has sentenced a man to 30 years in jail for the murder of an indigenous woman in the amazon region .
durham batsman ben stokes has been recalled to the england squad for the one - day series against pakistan .
the head of the metropolitan police is to review its handling of allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations .
north korea 's supreme court has denied that a us citizen was involved in a plot to overthrow the government .
barnet leapfrogged hartlepool into the league two play - offs with a 2 - 0 win at hartlepool .
us president barack obama has called for a ` ` fundamental reduction '' in the number of refugees fleeing the conflict in syria .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned the country 's decision to ban paralympians from rio 2016 .
lewis hamilton 's hopes of becoming the first driver to win the world championship were dented by a crash in final practice at the malaysian grand prix .
thousands of eu nationals from non - uk countries have been sent polling cards and postal votes to eu nationals .
plans to transform alexandra 's grade ii - listed theatre into a tourist attraction have been unveiled .
