mobile phone firm three has announced it is to abolish roaming charges for some of its customers .
england women have made two changes for saturday 's women 's six nations game against ireland at twickenham .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a council to close a public swimming pool in derby .
colombia 's government and the country 's largest rebel group , the farc , have announced plans to create unarmed observers .
the number of children being put for adoption in foster care in england has dropped by more than a third in five years .
us president barack obama has asked the white house to set aside $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- to fund the use of military equipment .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says he is ` ` gutted '' to be named scottish premiership player of the year .
a french tourist has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital tunis , police say .
india 's national dish , which is popular for many of the world 's most popular restaurants , is a staple of recipes .
manchester city have signed tottenham defender kyle walker for an undisclosed fee , believed to be # 50 m .
lifeguards will be deployed to a beach where five men drowned in the summer , a councillor has said .
the government is to publish a draft plan to cut pollution in some parts of the uk 's worst urban areas .
prime minister theresa may has warned the uk government is ` ` listening to the scots '' after brexit .
police have apologised for a ` ` offensive '' picture of a bronze sculpture which was won by a cornwall council .
a three - month - old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in gateshead .
british and irish lions wing george north and wing george henshaw have been ruled out of the tour of new zealand .
the white house has said it is ` ` going banana '' after a judge issued a temporary order against the us government 's immigration policy .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract .   's manager .
egyptian officials say they have found ` ` multiple flaws '' in the building of the great pyramid .
the remains of the late ira member kevin mckee and his brother kevin mckee have been identified as those of the disappeared .
islam slimani scored twice as leicester city eased into the efl cup quarter - finals with victory over sheffield united .
the bbc has published details of a draft plan to bring northern ireland 's public services to northern ireland .
partick thistle manager adam archibald is one of the best managers in scottish football , according to club captain osman .
it 's been a week since the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
a turkish woman has been arrested in turkey for insulting president recep tayyip erdogan .
sport can be a reality check - up for young footballers with a heart condition that causes a heart attack .
fifa president michel platini will be the next president of world football , the football association says .
a convicted robber who was jailed for more than 30 years for robbery has said he is ` ` fighting to his grave '' .
disney 's plan to screen a live - action remake of beauty and the beast has been approved .
former world heavyweight champion and olympic champion tyson says the idea of a change in the sport 's rules is ` ` going to happen '' .
activity in the uk 's service sector slowed last month , according to a closely watched survey . .
a man has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a motorbike in nottingham .
