chinese artist ai weiwei has accused lego of ` ` anti - semitism and discrimination '' .
a teachers ' union has voted to tighten rules on ` ` fundamental british values '' in schools .
british actress dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with a rare form of blindness .
a school in hampshire has closed its doors to the end of the year because of a shortage of single sex teaching .
the government has been accused of ` ` grave miscarriages '' over the use of a # 1,000 tax charge .
a gene defect linked to male infertile may be hampering the ability to produce sperm , researchers say .
it 's the 40th anniversary of eastenders ' lucy beale party - and it 's not all about to be complete .
a conference on the future of charlie hebdo has been cancelled by the university of belfast -lrb- qub -rrb- .
a cat has died after being poisoned by antifreeze , the rspca has confirmed , the bbc understands .
the trial of two men accused of trying to murder a postman in glasgow has heard that dna linked to him .
the prime minister has called for a ` ` reassurance '' to eu nationals in the uk after brexit .
us carmaker hyundai motor has offered to help us workers who have lost their jobs in the us .
the appointment of the new northern ireland executive press secretary has been described as ` ` shameful '' .
a plaid cymru councillor has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
norway 's government has turned down a plan to send a summit of the country 's highest mountain to finland .
mexico 's football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- says it will investigate fifa 's punishment for ` ` homophobic chanting '' .
wales captain sam warburton says he will ` ` take risks '' when they face new zealand on saturday .
` ` it 's a dream come true , '' says angelo fusco , the man who once dubbed the ` ` battle of belfast '' .
the creator of the bitcoin virtual currency , bitcoin , has said he will not take part in the project .
the police and crime commissioner for bedfordshire has said he is ` ` worried '' about the impact of policing .
the european court of human rights -lrb- tuc -rrb- has ruled that mobile workers who travel to their first and last jobs could be affected by the ` ` working week '' .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found seriously injured in a street in north lanarkshire .
