for the first time , hong kong - based entrepreneur and entrepreneur huw choe is a business owner .
northern ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against northern ireland on saturday was abandoned because of a motorway crash .
prime minister theresa may has said she has ` ` absolute faith '' in the uk 's nuclear weapons system , despite reports of a misfire .
tennis star venus williams has been involved in a collision with a car in which a man was killed .
ghana and ivory coast have been told to avoid any unilateral action in the disputed maritime boundary .
a belfast community car park has been put up for a full review of the collection of bonfire material .
sir david attenborough has been accused of faking footage of an iguana chase in the wild .
the families of the victims of the hillsborough disaster have said they are ` ` humbled '' to receive a posthumous award .
the uk 's first horizontal fracking operation should be tackled by the government , according to a report .
it 's been a year since british hip - hop star nadia elami was born in her native london .
sir tom jones is to join the panel of coaches on the voice uk , it has been announced .
tottenham could play home games at wembley next season , says football association chairman greg dyke -lrb- gmt -rrb- .
great britain 's men 's handball teams missed out on a place at the rio 2016 olympic games .
jeremy corbyn has promised a ` ` root - and - a - half - year investment bank '' for businesses in the uk .
the us says it is ` ` concerned '' about china 's military presence on an island in the south china sea .
the head teachers of a school in birmingham say they have ` ` no place to be gay '' .
in the west of scotland , a small rural village in livingston is home to some of the villages that have been seen by the snp .
middlesbrough have signed striker patrick de roon from middlesbrough on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
` ` it 's been a dream come true , '' says an 18-year - old student from inverness caledonian thistle .
exeter city 's ben butterfield says he will not be playing every week at the club next season .
the lawn tennis association -lrb- lta -rrb- has pledged # 250 m to improve grassroots grassroots facilities in the uk .
the us says it is working with the czech government to free a us journalist who went missing in syria .
the newly - acclaimed bhs - commerce website is to be launched in the uk .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition against proposed parking restrictions at the royal berkshire hospital .
a 19-year - old woman has been jailed for life for murdering a casino player in london .
it 's been a year since the tories were elected to the scottish conservatives in the general election .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a75 near annan .
the court of appeal has heard a secret recording of a british man who was jailed for possessing weapons in 1996 .
a security alert in londonderry has ended after a suspicious object was found at a business premises .
australia 's new prime minister has scrapped the order of knighthoods and dames in the new year .
sevilla were held to a draw by dynamo kiev in the first leg of their europa league semi - final .
wales ' steel industry has suffered a ` ` steep decline '' , plaid cymru has said .
a man accused of racially abusing four people at an anti - immigration rally has had his case quashed .
a new coinage portrait of the queen has been unveiled by the royal mint in the uk for the first time .
a lion that escaped from the karoo national park in south africa has escaped from its enclosure .
in the middle east , thousands of syrians are still waiting to see a new home in a refugee camp .
the prince of wales has visited south africa 's capital , brixton , during a visit to the borough .
more than 20 million people in china could be exposed to toxic levels of arsenic , a study suggests .
england continued their 100 % start to the autumn with a hard - fought victory over south africa .
saracens will play leicester tigers in the semi - finals of the anglo - welsh cup .
singapore is marking the first anniversary of the death of founding father lee kuan yew , one of the country 's most prominent politicians .
a denbighshire pensioner who sexually abused his ex - girlfriend has been jailed for 12 months .
actor warwick davis has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' after a caravan was stolen by thieves .
police in india say they have arrested three men accused of sedition after they were sent to pakistan .
a french prosecutor has ordered the arrest of the main suspect in the killing of a teenager in a paris street brawl .
gloucester booked their place in the european challenge cup final with a hard - fought victory over french side la rochelle .
three teenage boys have been arrested in connection with a serious assault on three teenagers in dumbarton .
a man 's body has been found in a block of flats in a glasgow city centre street .
the bbc 's inside out has uncovered a series of rumours about a mysterious burial site in kent .
hibernian have signed former hibernian and hibernian striker graham on a free transfer .
microsoft 's co - founder and microsoft chief executive steve spencer has told the bbc he is ` ` confident '' he can deliver a virtual reality .
adam voges and dawid malan 's ton helped middlesex fight back against hampshire at lord 's .
plans to build a uk spaceport at an airfield in gwynedd have been submitted to the uk government .
a three - month - old baby girl has been found in a bus shelter in north wales .
soldiers spent more than half of their time on the western front during world war one , research suggests .
` ` i do n't know what i ' ve done , '' says rebecca stevenson .
prime minister david cameron has said uk policy in syria is ` ` flawed '' and ` ` underestimated '' .
lewis hamilton says mercedes are ` ` on the right path '' ahead of the chinese grand prix .
the inquest into the death of a soldier who was shot at deepcut barracks has been refused by a coroner .
a police officer has been jailed for five years for grooming and sexually abusing a teenage girl .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` very good friends '' with a special counsel to the inquiry into alleged russian meddling .
councillors are being asked to approve plans to redevelop borders council 's proposed # 3.5 m project .
two youtube stars have urged the advertising watchdog to do more to remove ` ` sponsored content '' .
a british scuba diver who died while on holiday in the maltese island of gozo has spoken of his ` ` dreams '' .
the us space agency has apologised for the crash of a russian spacecraft that was due to launch on wednesday .
a buddhist monk who set himself on fire in sri lanka has died in hospital , the government has said .
the head of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , the mexican government 's central bank , has been named as the country 's most powerful man .
the family of a british teenager who travelled to syria to fight for the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- have said they are ` ` heartbroken '' by his death .
pakistan 's anti - islamic artists have said they are ` ` disappointed '' by the broadcasting commission 's decision to remove graffiti from the show .
a man who raped a teenage girl and sexually assaulted her has been jailed for five years and four months .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of coronation street actor warren , who has died at his home in manchester .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he does not need to sign a new deal for the club .
a celebration of the oldest carnival in europe is to be held in the city of leeds , organisers have announced .
this week 's us presidential election is under way in washington dc , with more than a week to go .
for the first time , prostate cancer has become one of the most common and most common in the world .
two whistleblowers in india say they have been conned out of more than # 5,000 by cyber - attacks .
spanish actress sofia vergara has topped forbes ' list of the world 's highest paid actors .
tata steel has confirmed it is to sell its long - products division to a private company .
former wales and ospreys scrum - half gareth hook has signed a new contract with the region .
on sunday , an eight - year - old boy from indian - administered kashmir was found dead in his home in the village of kashmir .
derry 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the ulster sfc were ended as they were beaten by derry in extra time .
talks aimed at resolving the long - running dispute between junior doctors and the government have ended without agreement .
an air canada plane has landed safely at san francisco 's airport after landing on a taxiway .
southend united 's nile ranger is set to return to training this summer after being jailed for fraud .
ronnie o'sullivan says he has a ` ` good idea '' of playing in snooker .
london is the most expensive city to live in other countries , according to a study by transport for london .
jimmy hennessy , who was a father of 13 , travelled by car with friends and family members who all survived .
bristol rovers have appointed former st helens and england under-20s winger jordon forster as their new head coach .
a scottish community council has been told to investigate an email scam which allegedly sent to a scottish family .
league two promotion - chasing luton town and coventry city will play in the first round of the efl trophy .
tributes have been paid to a northern ireland fan who died while playing at euro 2016 in france .
bbc radio 1 has confirmed it is to replace radio 1 's new presenters as a football team .
police in the republic of ireland have said they are worried that a ban on the sale of so - called ` ` legal highs '' has been scrapped .
wolves striker zyro is set to be sidelined for up to a year with a serious knee injury .
broadcaster snow has backed a campaign to take over the running of a grade ii - listed pier .
the england cricket team will play bangladesh in the first match of their tour of bangladesh in more than two years .
apple 's latest sales of a $ 10,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6,000 -rrb- watch at the apple 's event in las vegas was a hot topic .
the french far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- leader , jean - marie le pen , has delivered a speech in paris .
online shoppers are likely to miss out on a return to the retail price , according to royal mail .
the financial reporting council -lrb- frc -rrb- has called on the government to do more to tackle corporate governance .
peter harris has said the bbc should have a ` ` dedicated books programme '' to the corporation .
the republic of ireland 's president is to ask the supreme court to change the law on abortion .
in the centre of the spanish city of barcelona , the city 's capital , barcelona , was gripped by the terror attacks .
the average life expectancy of men in the uk is increasing , according to a new study . .
a 15-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash .
wales ' hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the six nations were dented as they were beaten by australia .
indonesian rescue teams are searching for more than 30 people feared dead after a volcano erupted in the east .
former newsnight presenter david paxman has said the bbc 's ` ` pogonophobic '' is ` ` not the pogonophobic '' .
england 's tyrrell hatton and matthew fitzpatrick share the lead at the rbc heritage in florida .
nigeria international winger didier bissouma has signed a new contract with french ligue 1 side lille .
there has been a rise in the abuse of teachers in england , the nasuwt union has said .
thousands of people have been evacuated from homes in the southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- because of flooding .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the government is to ban four proscribed organisations from joining the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
scarlets wing liam williams is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering an ankle injury .
leicester tigers prop rob evans is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering a neck injury .
world number two rory mcilroy says he is ` ` not feeling good '' as he prepares to defend his european tour title .
plans to redevelop manchester 's ` ` city centre '' have been put on hold by the city council .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in mosul have captured the city 's capital , mosul .
welsh rugby union chief executive martyn phillips says he is ` ` delighted '' to have a world title fight at cardiff 's millennium stadium .
the home office has launched a legal bid to deport 120 people suspected of being illegal in the uk .
online retailer amazon has confirmed it is opening a branch in the uk and france , as part of an investigation into tax affairs .
italy have appointed italy boss antonio conte as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
a turkish pilot has been killed in a plane crash in the north - eastern state of turkey .
` ` it 's impossible to say that it 's time to go , '' says italian businessman and italian businessman joseph clark .
a pensioner died after being hit by a boat on anglesey , an inquest has heard .
the developer of a video game flappy bird has said he will no longer be selling the game .
the us space agency 's latest astronaut capsule , spacex , has been given the green light by engineers .
a team of scientists in california say they have made pig embryos ` ` more human '' .
the world 's most expensive footballer , oliver burke , is one of the most expensive players in scotland .
kilmarnock 's joe goodwin has been charged by the football association over an alleged elbowing .
it 's a tale of a former england and tottenham footballer , paul gascoigne , who has a problem with addiction .
this year , millions of muslims around the world celebrate eid al - fitr -lrb- eid -rrb- .
a professional table tennis player has been found guilty of attempting to meet a schoolgirl who was later caught .
thousands of children in london are getting their first choice of school in the capital , kensington and chelsea .
dozens of people have been rescued after a boat carrying migrants capsized off libya 's coast , the italian coast guard says .
four men who broke into a flat in fife in the early hours of the year have been jailed .
a grade ii - listed theatre in lancashire is to be auctioned by the council after it was offered free of rent .
chesterfield moved to within a point of the league one play - off places as they beat chesterfield at deepdale .
north korea has test - fired a ballistic missile -lrb- icbm -rrb- , state media report .
the uk 's economy is ` ` more unstable '' , the head of the bank of england has said .
the us government has released details of the fbi 's handling of an email that was recently released by the state department .
facebook has been accused of sexually grooming and murdering a teenage girl on its platform , following a bbc investigation .
scottish football association chairman pete wishart has urged msps to discuss the issue of spot - fixing .
imax , the world 's largest cinema operator , has applied for a stock market listing in hong kong .
the interim president of the democratic republic of congo , joseph kabila , has been named as his successor .
the former chief constable of west yorkshire police is to be investigated over allegations of misconduct in public office .
leicester city 's hopes of reaching the premier league were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by southampton .
facebook has said it is ` ` delighted '' that its effort to map the world 's population maps has been completed .
a police dog has been put to sleep after being bitten by a dog in a suspected hit - and - run incident .
the met office has warned of a massive cloud of hot weather that could lead to high winds and thunderstorms .
germany 's economy grew by 1.9 % in the fourth quarter of the year , official figures show .
a police officer has apologised to parents after an appeal by police to find a prankster was posted online .
the australian government is calling for a nationwide ban on vaccinating children to be vaccinated .
police have said they are ` ` delighted '' to find out the case of convicted killer peter tobin .
when i first started working on a new apple iphone , i had a look at the best - known technology .
a section of didcot power station 's roof has been blown down by a piece of fog .
the head of venezuela 's military says he is ` ` outraged '' by an attack on a military base in caracas .
british and irish lions captain wayne rooney will captain the new zealand side against the hurricanes in wellington on tuesday .
facebook has said it is ` ` extremely independent '' to keep its founder on the board of the company .
a syrian refugee has been killed in a collision with a car in germany , a regional media report .
liberal democrat leader norman lamb has proposed proposed a cross - party commission to tackle the nhs in england .
a south korean basketball player has been charged with fabricating her daughter 's birth certificate and birth certificates .
a pipe bomb has been found in a glasgow street after police said it was a ` ` viable device '' .
a senior coroner inquest into the kingsmill massacre has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that a lack of resources is needed .
comedian jim broadbent 's new play scrooge has opened in london 's west end .
a dutch man who admitted killing three people in world war two has been released from prison after a lengthy prison sentence .
it 's been a year since the birth of a baby boy and his brother tom in wrexham .
crime novel everybody else 's skin has been named the uk 's bestselling crime novel .
the family of a schoolgirl who died after falling into a swimming pool have won a damages claim .
us presidential candidate donald trump has met mexican president enrique pena nieto in a meeting with the mexican president .
a man is in hospital with life - threatening injuries after he was stabbed in the street .
barnet leapfrogged hartlepool into the league two play - offs with a 2 - 0 win at hartlepool .
a jockey who was found sleeping in his car has been given a 12-month jail sentence .
two people have been killed in separate road accidents in the republic of ireland in the space of 24 hours .
south africa batsman hashim amla has stepped down as captain of the third test against england in cape town .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says striker ollie ntcham has the ability to play at the higher level .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
when pope benedict xvi announced his retirement last week , he had been in touch with the same family .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has promised to rebuild the ` ` inner city '' of african - american communities in the us .
a woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin has been named by police as lisa winning .
women 's super league one side reading were held to a 1 - 1 draw by birmingham city .
plans to build a new entertainment arena in bristol have been unveiled by the city 's liberal democrats .
gylfi sigurdsson says swansea city showed ` ` character '' in their 2 - 0 win over aston villa .
the mayor of london has announced a strategic review of the uk 's counter - terrorism operations .
it 's been a year since wales voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a council has voted to introduce a ban on smoking breaks in its own time to stop the problem .
plans to redevelop a tennis court in norfolk have been submitted to queen 's lynn council .
partick thistle manager adam archibald is one of the best managers in scottish football , according to club captain osman .
marc marquez won the moto3 grand prix in south africa with victory in sunday 's final race .
a man who sexually assaulted a woman in canterbury has been jailed for two years .   's detectives .
rescuers in indonesia say they have rescued hundreds of people who had been stranded at sea for more than a week .
andy murray and novak djokovic will meet each other in sunday 's french open final in paris .
the head of the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has apologised for comments he made about the holocaust .
the labour party has launched an investigation into a row over plans to remove children from a school in carmarthenshire .
a belgian police officer has been killed by a machete wielding a machete during an attack on a police station .
taiwan 's first female leader , tsai , is a key figure in china 's politics .
the british and irish lions ' performance in the second and final test against new zealand was a huge moment .
scarlets moved level on points with pro12 leaders leinster with a hard - fought win over leinster .
a parishioner has said he is considering taking his own life to help save his independence from a parish council .
plans to build a new community hospital in somerset have moved a step closer after the local government approved plans .
viewsnight 's viewsnight is bbc newsnight 's new place for ideas and opinion on islam .
hundreds of eggs have been stolen from a harbour in a bid to protect the population of protected birds .
a school in sydney has banned students from doing ` ` silent cheer '' in favour of gender - neutral language .
a court in mauritania has ordered the execution of a blogger who has been on trial for insulting islam .
police have apologised to a man who wrongly recorded the wrong date of birth in his home .
a cheshire baker has recreated the ` ` best wedding cake '' of the new jaguar land rover model .
lutalo muhammad and lutalo muhammad have been stripped of their olympic selection by the british olympic association -lrb- boa -rrb- .
a school in powys has been given the chance to hand over a library to a local authority .
a record number of black - tailed godwits have been spotted on the island of tiree .
two journalists have been shot dead in the northern mexican city of chihuahua in the early hours of sunday .
pope francis is set to make his first official visit to africa , in his first visit to the country .
the number of cancer cases in wales is at its highest level since 2006 , public health wales has said .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has declared a state of emergency for the first time since the ebola outbreak began .
australia 's biggest winemaker , twe , is seeking a takeover offer from us private equity firm kkr .
a number of flights have been cancelled in the republic of ireland and northern ireland due to bad weather .
a jury in the trial of a retired belfast man accused of abusing a teenage girl has been discharged .
graffiti artist banksy has denied claims he was ` ` trolling '' a website which had been accused of ` ` technical difficulties '' .
up to 100 irish gypsies were left ` ` asleep '' at a birthday party , police have said .
rule the world won the grand national at aintree for the first time since 1974 as his trainer david mullins claimed victory .
national league side torquay united have signed scunthorpe united 's james anderson on loan until january .
kilmarnock have signed kilmarnock duo josh waddington and scott davies on loan .
wakefield trinity wildcats chairman jim carter says the club 's current lease is ` ` crippling '' .
an nhs trust criticised for failing to protect patients at high risk of suicide has been rated ` ` inadequate '' .
a south korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for shooting dead and wounding five others in the army .
it 's been a year since scotland voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a man who lost his tools to a cat charity shop has said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the phone call .
a court in los angeles has issued an affidavit to the high court in connection with a data leak at the home of celebrities .
a leeds united employee has told an employment tribunal she was ` ` humbled '' by the club 's bosses .
it 's the world 's longest - running campaign , but it 's time to go .
pakistan 's cricket team has been cleared to play a series in the united arab emirates -lrb- pcb -rrb- in march .
bournemouth striker danny wilson says he is ` ` ready '' to return to action after recovering from a knee injury .
a dolphin that was stranded on a beach in spain has been put down by a group of tourists .
an extremely rare beatles contract signed by sir elton john has sold at auction for more than # 1,500 .
royal bank of england -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it has made ` ` significant progress '' in its latest stress tests .
chester have signed birmingham city defender ryan lloyd on loan until the end of the season , with the option of a further year .
the home office is to allow internet providers to hack children 's toys , a consumer group has said .
a chinese farmer who died after being hit by a watermelon has died , state media report .
the chief executive of a north wales hospital has said he is ` ` very willing '' to speak to the families of patients who were treated like animals .
fleetwood town have signed defender lee davis on loan from league one side fleetwood town until the end of the season .
leicester 's hopes of a top - four finish at the top of the premier league were ended by a draw at west ham .
india 's largest pharmacies are to go on strike in a dispute over online drug sales .
carrick rangers have signed former crusaders and crusaders defender rory mcallister on a two - year contract .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom in bradford .
lee westwood says he is ` ` back to the stage '' after being named the world 's top golfer .
scotland 's katie adderley won her 13th scottish national title at the scottish national squash championships .
barry wright beat michael van gerwen in the final of the pdc world championship in manchester .
plans to build a quarry on ancient woodland in north - east england have been criticised by a charity .
kilmarnock manager lee clark has urged his players to change the mentality to their mentality .
a plan to turn perth 's historic building into a hotel has been called ` ` preferred bidder status '' .
it 's been a week since the start of the season in germany 's second tier , borussia dortmund .
the bbc 's today programme has uncovered the long - running migration of thousands of people smugglers .
mexico 's government says it will end a long - running drought that has left thousands of people dead .
the trial of south african olympic athlete oscar pistorius has begun in the capital , pretoria , accused of murdering his girlfriend .
thousands of people have queueed up at a cash machine in north lanarkshire after a fault .
a video game grumps fan from northern ireland is hoping to become the first film - maker in the world to make it big .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen praised his team 's ` ` mental toughness '' after their 1 - 0 win over st johnstone .
nigeria 's main opposition party has lost control of regional elections in the north - east of the country .
scotland 's top law officer has told the supreme court that the uk government has no authority over devolution .
a canal and river trust has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the closure of its towpath .
landlords in england will be able to evict people who leave their homes without a court order .
a crackdown on litter on beaches in the uk is needed to encourage people to return their bottles .
the cia 's hacking tools have been released by wikileaks as part of a major data archive .
edinburgh 's annual festival is to be celebrated in the city 's ` ` special year '' .
the editor of the sunday times , adrian gill , has died at the age of 82 , his publisher has confirmed .
former england and tottenham striker jimmy greaves has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed .
the first stage of the 2016 tour de france will be held in london , organisers have announced .
the founder of kids company , the charity which went bust last year , has criticised the government for not doing a favour .
scotland 's finance secretary , john swinney , has been given the chance to start the new scottish budget .
the leader of ukip , suzanne evans , has announced she will not stand in the general election .
national league side wrexham have appointed dean keates as their new manager on a two - year contract .
detectives investigating the murder of a girl who disappeared 20 years ago have released details of a new dna profile .
chelsea have won the premier league title for the first time since they beat manchester city at stamford bridge .
an iranian official 's trousers have been suspended by the country 's anti - terrorism committee .
oldham athletic 's league one game against peterborough has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
homelessness in scotland is ` ` not all good news '' , according to the charity shelter .
a man has been threatened with a knife during an aggravated burglary at a house in north belfast .
in the latest round of talks between the syrian government and the united nations , the bbc 's priceless reports .
rory mcilroy and louis van zyl are two shots off the lead at the nedbank golf challenge in florida .
firefighters have rescued a man who had to be trapped in a tree after getting stuck on a tree .
new zealand and the united nations have agreed a plan to protect the antarctic sea as an mpa .
websites selling prescription medicines are being offered by the uk 's medicines watchdog , the government says .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod yng nghymru yn dilyn brexit .
manchester city striker kevin de bruyne has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks with an ankle injury .
china 's ding junhui became the first player to reach the world championship semi - finals with a 6 - 2 win over mark williams .
a building in the centre of the italian city of naples has collapsed , killing three people and injuring more .
jenson button says he is ` ` concerned '' about the safety of the new formula 1 track in baku .
an mp has won damages from the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- for selling crude oil to iran .
a memorial to a teenager who died after falling into the river taff is to be installed in bath .
the front pages of the scottishman have published their first edition of the herald as the party 's election campaign continues .
a fleet of ` ` low - risk '' roads in gloucestershire has been scrapped because of the winter weather .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` not possible '' to allow scotland to join the european union -lrb- efta -rrb- .
a project to restore a stretch of the river medway in somerset has been completed by the government .
a financial firm has announced it is creating 500 jobs in east london as part of a # 50 m expansion .
the head of sportscotland has announced plans to cut the amount of funding for sport in scotland .
a woman has been jailed for five years for stealing more than # 1 m from newport council 's children 's fund .
the scottish spca has appealed for information after a wild swan was shot in the wing with an arrows .
south africa 's former spy chief , marcel coetzee , has died at the age of 82 .
a busy road in bath has reopened after a crash involving a bus and a lorry on friday .
the trial of a mother accused of murdering her toddler has heard a video of him lying on the floor of his house .
us president - elect donald trump has said he will not perform at the inauguration of his inauguration .
in the middle of a week , a university student in the australian city of bangkok had a problem .
a hospital 's a&e unit at the centre of a shortage of beds has been criticised by health inspectors .
computer giant hewlett - packard has apologised for its decision to stop selling an unofficial printer .
two men have been charged in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death at a supermarket .
a temporary footbridge will be installed in a north yorkshire town after a long - running dispute .
the fossilised skeleton of stegosaurus has been unearthed by scientists at the natural history museum in london .
finance minister simon hamilton has proposed a plan to cut the renewable heating incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
a new stand at st johnstone 's park will be replaced by an all - seater stand .
british number one johanna konta reached the australian open semi - finals for the first time with a straight - set victory over world number one andy murray .
a tesco supermarket has apologised after an ` ` inappropriate '' image of a man taking carrots on an organic farm .
an ` ` extremely rare '' dyniaeth poster has been sold at auction in conwy county .
the head of brazil 's intelligence agency has said he was aware of a terror threat from french authorities .
hull fc winger joe arundel has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in the german city of augsburg .
uk sport has missed out on a medal at the 2016 olympics and paralympics after the sport lost its funding .
bristol city eased into the second round of the efl cup with a 3 - 0 victory over bristol city .
british duo joe and jake wogan will perform at this year 's eurovision song contest in sweden .
manchester city have been fined # 10,000 by the football association for failing to ensure their players are tested .
great britain 's giles scott won gold in the finn class at the 470 world championships in israel .
an investigation is under way into the cause of the crash of virgin galactic 's spaceship in california .
a county antrim gaa club is set to make a major trophy final for the first time in 50 years .
andy murray reached the semi - finals of the atp world tour finals with victory over stan wawrinka .
work has started on a new stretch of motorway in edinburgh to allow the construction of a new motorway .
an inquest has been opened into the death of a man who died following an outbreak of measles .
paris st - germain have parted company with head coach denis shissinous after the club 's poor start to the season .
hearts have confirmed that lee alexander and lee gallacher have been ruled out for the rest of the season .
lance armstrong has told the bbc that he would n't be racing again if he returned to public life .
the new head of scotland 's only independent savings bank has been appointed by the bank of scotland .
the lack of support for older people is ` ` worsening '' , a charity has said .
the prime minister 's questions are being asked about whether or not to take military action in syria .
castleford tigers prop rangi chase says he is in the ` ` best shape '' of his career .
a council has said it is likely to be left short of # 600,000 for the next financial year .
more than 1,000 rare spiderlings have been released into a nature reserve in suffolk to help tackle climate change .
an indian man has been given a $ 12,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 8,000 -rrb- reward after getting the right to control google.com .
john akinde 's brace helped grimsby beat barnet 2 - 2 at blustern blundell park .
police in the us city of ferguson say they have halted a curfew in which a teenager was shot dead .
championship side burton albion have signed luke middleton and luke cousins on loan until the end of the season .
the story of one of the world 's largest cattle companies , the kidman , has been described as ` ` the greatest moment '' .
a scottish scientist has discovered that the loch ness loch is a ` ` hidden location '' for the loch .
more than half of the world 's population is at the top of the global agewatch index .
the number of bee deaths in europe is at its highest level since 2012 , according to a new report .
a three - year - old boy has died after being rescued from a house fire in neath port talbot .
a court in the us has sentenced a man to 20 years in jail for hacking into us government computers .
a new camera has been installed at a lifeboat station in north wales to help reduce the number of launches .
` ` i ' ve never had to eat and drink , '' says the nhs 's statistics agency .
the bbc 's financial advice service is looking at ways to keep money in order to keep up .
scotland 's largest ski resort is preparing for a ` ` great season '' , according to ski scotland .
the closure of a fire station in berkshire is set to be put on hold , the fire service has confirmed .
a new comedy festival has been launched in aberdeen , which aims to attract more than # 20,000 .
police are investigating the death of a woman who was found dead at her home in county down on tuesday .
league one side shrewsbury town have signed teenage striker tyler roberts on loan from league one rivals west bromwich albion .
david cameron is to meet german counterpart angela merkel for talks with german chancellor angela merkel in london .
a 60-year - old woman has died in a fire at a house in the borders , police have said .
a former primary school head teacher has been jailed for eight years for raping and sexually abusing seven girls .
wales ran in seven tries as they ran in eight tries to beat scotland in the women 's six nations .
leyton orient striker kadeena cox says he is ` ` in a predicament '' after leaving leyton orient .
telecoms firm talktalk has said it is ` ` too early '' to investigate a cyber attack on its website .
the prince of wales has launched a multi - million pound scholarship scheme to help young people in the caribbean .
tens of thousands of catalans have held a rally in barcelona to call for a referendum on independence .
leicester city manager craig shakespeare is ` ` not out of order '' , says former foxes striker chris keown .
a building in the canary islands has collapsed in the early hours of tuesday , killing a woman and injuring three others .
it 's been a week since new zealand 's record - breaking win in the six nations .
the serious fraud office -lrb- sfo -rrb- has called for the independent investigation into allegations of bribery and corruption in football .
theresa may has promised to ` ` make a success '' after the uk leaves the european union .
calls have been made for the nhs to be ` ` scaremongering '' in wales .
the us space agency has launched what it says is the first of its kind in the solar system .
inverness caledonian thistle moved to within a point of the premiership play - off places with a comfortable win over bottom club inverness caley thistle .
lawyers representing families who were unable to give their children 's ashes to their parents have been told they will face legal action .
a us woman who went missing in california has been found ` ` safe and well '' , police say .
a contractor for two new homes in edinburgh has announced plans to build more than 100 affordable homes in 2014 .
three hong kong police officers have been jailed for five years for assaulting a pro - democracy activist .
a campaign to encourage more people to sign up for a bone marrow donor is being launched in the us .
scientists say they have found a breakthrough in the search for a cure for type 1 diabetes that causes the disease .
a man who was killed when he was hit by a car in bradford has been named by police .
the welsh secretary has said he is ` ` very disappointed '' that the conservatives have broken a pledge to devolution .
an extremely rare species of hot pants has been discovered off the coast of panama , scientists have said .
letting agents in wales should be banned from charging fees to tenants , a plaid cymru am has said .
in the centre of the ukrainian capital , kiev , there is little doubt that the government will respond to the referendum on independence .
the prison population in england and wales is the fastest growing in the uk , according to a new report .
twenty - eight people have been convicted of involvement in an operation targeting dissident republicans in belfast .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after two men were attacked with an acid thrown over them .
scotland head coach vern cotter says he feels ` ` respect and respect '' to gregor townsend 's move to new zealand .
a ferry which ran aground on the isle of man has made a pre - tax return to service .
the kurdish militant group pkk says it has carried out a bomb attack on a police station in northern iraq .
the church of england has announced its intention to divest from fossil fuels and make money from fossil fuel companies .
the rate of mortgage activity in the uk has risen to its highest level for more than a decade , official figures show .
hibernian moved level on points with scottish championship leaders hibernian with a convincing win over st mirren .
two prisoners have been rescued from the roof of a block of flats in bridgend , police have said .
argentina coach carlos bauza says he is considering whether lionel messi will be called up in his future .
german chancellor angela merkel has won a second term in office , despite her party 's election victory .
the father of a man who was forced to work with his daughter has told cardiff crown court how he was paid more than # 50 a day .
lincoln city reached the third round of the fa cup for the first time since 2009 after beating oldham .
oscar - winning actor eddie eddie eddie is working with a new film about the role of a transgender woman .
identity theft is the most common form of identity theft in the uk , according to a new survey .
wicketkeeper - batsmans tom milnes and lewis have left derbyshire by mutual consent and agreed new contracts .
first minister carwyn jones has said he is ` ` disgusted '' by the tories ' response to brexit .
goals from omar bolarinwa and ashley chambers gave grimsby a 2 - 0 win over accrington .
liberia 's former international footballer john weah has been elected as the country 's next president .
irish sprinter jason smyth is set to miss the rio 2016 paralympic games after breaking his own world record .
it 's one of the world 's best - known artists , but it was n't an idea that he will be able to work on instagram .
police in india 's western state of maharashtra say they have arrested the husband of a doctor who was found dead in a drain .
a celebration is to be held to mark the 150th anniversary of the birth of a scottish poet .
match reports to bbc sport 's sports personality of the year show , match results and match reports .
the government 's spending watchdog , the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- .
australian pop star taylor swift has been dropped from the top three of the official chart of the year .
more than half of ethnic minority children in hong kong do not get access to education , a report says .
wimbledon champion rafael nadal has set a new record for the fastest number of people in the world .
bristol city manager daniel sturrock is set to miss the rest of the season after being suspended for four weeks .
us investment bank goldman sachs is to cut its use of video interviews with students as part of a shake - up of its recruitment process .
a new type of battery has been designed by scientists in the uk , in what they say is the first step in the future .
world number one angelique kerber is out of the aegon championships in eastbourne with a straight - set victory .
police in italy have arrested 17 people suspected of being involved in an anti - terrorism operation .
samsung electronics has agreed to buy the vehicle of what it says is the world 's biggest car .
actress jane fonda has been named as the first woman to be honoured at the royal american film institute -lrb- afi -rrb- awards .
league one side qpr have signed qpr left - back jordan williams on loan until the end of the season .
a mental health worker has been sacked after being found guilty of misconduct in an investigation into his internet use .
a group of amateur astronomy enthusiasts have been awarded an award for their work on the night sky at night .
scots actress karen gillan has been cast on the cover of the new star wars film guardians of the galaxy .
nasa 's curiosity rover has begun the first test of methane on the red planet in a bid to measure the gas .
a high court judge has rejected a bid by lord derby to overturn plans to build more than 1,000 homes .
a project to reintroduce a rare type of white curlew to the wild in norfolk has been hailed a ` ` milestone '' .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it will take ` ` significant arrests '' in connection with rioting .
a grade ii - listed beach hut on dorset 's coast is to benefit from a grant of almost # 700,000 .
an inquest into the death of a motorcyclist who was hit by a pothole has found that the council has learned lessons .
the world 's largest smartphone maker , lenovo and acer , have unveiled their latest batteries .
the ` ` deep divisions '' in the uk 's society are growing , the equality watchdog has said .
a campaign has begun to raise funds for a new nuclear power station to connect with the national grid .
the ulster unionist leader , stephen robinson , has been questioned by an inquiry into the implications of brexit .
it 's the border with mexico , along with the front line of the national border patrol council .
the illegal trade in guns and other parts of the dark net is a ` ` threat '' to terrorism , according to a new study .
a man who raped a woman in a street more than 30 years ago has been jailed for 30 years .
wales manager chris coleman says he is ` ` surprised '' by the impact of the euro 2016 semi - final against england .
the pirate bay website has been shut down by police in the swedish capital , stockholm , hours after it was taken offline .
a train has derailed in the us state of tennessee after it derailed and derailed , police say .
the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has ended in the uk .
ospreys have confirmed they will be looking at the possibility of appointing ian johnson as head coach .
alfred hitchcock 's long - running film gravity has been voted the most popular in the film industry .
former wales first minister carwyn jones has announced that her baby boy will be born at the same time .
the leader of south africa 's main opposition party has said he will no longer use the cars used by the local government .
serbia captain branislav ivanovic says his side will face wales in the world cup qualifier on saturday .
women 's super league two club yeovil town ladies have signed former yeovil town and england under-20 international emily howard .
a pensioner was threatened with a ` ` significant amount '' of money in his home in glasgow , police have said .
american swimmer adam schooling beat michael phelps to win the 200 m breaststroke gold in the 200 m butterfly final .
connacht have signed prop dominic robertson - mccoy on a two - year deal from pro12 side connacht .
team sky 's tour de france leader chris gray was disqualified for failing to stop a train on the track .
an 82-year - old woman who died after being hit by a car in perth has been named by police .
three men have been jailed for the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death at a carnival .
the bbc 's director of classical music has said she is ` ` shocked '' that this year 's proms will be held in london .
a review into the workings of the freedom of information act has been launched by ex - minister jack straw .
renowned classical music conductor chris hogwood has died at the age of 82 , his family has confirmed .
bournemouth striker connor king says his side are ` ` staying up '' despite their ` ` mentality '' .
in the early hours of tuesday , photographer henrique cappa made a rare documentary about the execution of a man in bolivia .
the death of boxing legend muhammad ali has prompted more than 300,000 twitter followers on twitter .
authorities in nigeria 's capital , lagos , have shut down several buildings in an effort to curb noise .
india 's government is developing a global database that aims to unlock the identity of millions of indians .
a village in north - eastern cambodia has seen a rise in the number of fishermen caught fishing illegally .
a painting by alex salmond has been unveiled in edinburgh to mark the first anniversary of the invasion of syria .
a woman who admitted taking ecstasy on the internet has been jailed for two years . . . .   < q >
a new report on the future of national parks in wales has been criticised by a group of conservationists .
wolfsburg beat borussia monchengladbach to win the german cup for the first time .
online university courses could be offered a full degree within five years , the head of a leading academic group has said .
a young musician from indonesia has been named as the winner of this year 's bbc music awards .
french director paul malick is among the nominees for this year 's venice international film festival -lrb- venice -rrb- .
work has begun on a giant monument to the former chernobyl nuclear power station that was destroyed by an explosion .
the bbc 's alastaiririririririririririririririririririririririr cook and a group of yazidi women in iraq 's yazidi areas have been speaking to the bbc .
police have said they are ` ` very sinister '' to stamp out a petrol bomb in south armagh .
the family of a teenager who suffered ` ` life - changing injuries '' when he fell into a stairwell have lost # 150,000 in compensation .
a former cia chief has been arrested in milan in connection with the rendition of an imam in 2003 .
at least 17 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in iraq 's capital , baghdad .
the united arab emirates human rights commissioner -lrb- uae -rrb- has been named as the winner of this year 's human rights award .
a man has been found dead in a house fire in east sussex , police have said , after a fire .
jeremy corbyn 's election manifesto has been published by the labour party 's shadow cabinet .
legoland has apologised for delays caused by the closure of its legoland car park .
the government has temporarily suspending the controversial ` ` rapid - track '' system for asylum seekers .
gopro , one of the world 's bestselling drone - maker , has said it will cut up to 15 jobs .
glasgow school of art 's new building has been officially opened by artist charles rennie mackintosh .
harlequins have signed south african fly - half demetri catrakilis on a two - year contract .
the bbc 's decision not to put a new tv channel on bbc one has been described as ` ` scotland '' .
plans to build a new justice centre in inverness have been unveiled by the scottish justice department -lrb- mod -rrb- .
surveyors in the uk have reported a rise in the number of new enquiries in the year to june .
aung san suu kyi , the national league for democracy -lrb- nld -rrb- , has announced that she will not be elected president .
plans for a # 26.7 m renovation of alexandra palace have been approved by the heritage lottery fund .
actor david wallach has died at the age of 87 , his family have announced . . . .   < q >
on the eve of this year 's holyrood election , paul st attenborough 's party conference in port talbot .
oldham athletic have offered free entry for their league one game against oldham athletic at the end of the season .
the british film industry spent more than # 1.75 bn in 2014 compared with the previous year .
plans to build a new museum on a former airfield in bristol have been approved by the city council .
the father of a rugby player who died after being hit by a car has told an inquest he was ` ` in good order '' .
the uk economy grew by 0.7 % in the second quarter of the year , official figures show .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says he is ` ` not the real madrid goalkeeper '' david de gea .
a girl who was sexually abused by a gang in rochdale has said police are not doing enough to tackle the problem .
derbyshire have signed all - rounder ed cotton and batsman james taylor on loan until the end of the season .
united states women 's striker abby wambach has announced her retirement from international football at the age of 34 .
league one side walsall have signed crewe alexandra defender jon mccarthy on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
it 's fair to say that if you 're a member of a group of musicians , lion babe , they are n't doing it .
plans to ban the use of e - cigarettes in england and wales have been announced by the government .
striker makris has signed a new four - and - a - half - year contract with stoke city .
a dress worn by hollywood actress lupita nyong ' o has been stolen from a hotel in los angeles .
plaid cymru has launched its ` ` most ambitious '' programme for government in wales , the party has announced .
the un security council has announced its intention to run for a top job in the next few weeks .
a driver has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car .
the owner of a holiday firm that was hit by the terror attacks has said he is ` ` saddened '' by the collapse of the firm .
thousands of mourners have gathered in pakistan 's main district of lahore for the funerals of those killed in the bombings .
a man who murdered a 15-year - old girl more than 40 years ago has been jailed for her murder .
soldiers in ivory coast 's capital , abidjan , have been killed in a mutiny over pay .
national league side bromley have signed former liverpool and liverpool striker dominic ngoo on loan until the end of the season .
plans to crack down on tax evasion could be introduced by the government , danny alexander has said .
a rare library book has been stolen from a school in herefordshire after it was found in a library .
the number of bus services in wales is set to be cut by 40 % in the next five years .
a public inquiry is to be held into plans to build a 1,000-home development in maidstone .
more than 30,000 people in the republic of ireland have travelled to northern ireland for the first time since 2012 .
stevenage have signed striker jack hyde on a two - year contract following his release by league two rivals barnet .
donald trump 's decision to move into the white house is ` ` appalling '' , according to social media users .
the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper album has been named as the most valuable artist in the world .
a 90-year - old cyclist who was killed in a collision with a van has been named .
wales head coach warren gatland says he is ` ` disappointed '' by his side 's failure to win the six nations title .
too many young people in england are being offered apprenticeships , according to a report by a think tank .
the number of pregnant women breastfeed in england has increased by 30 % in the past decade , official figures show .
an investigation has been launched into the proposed western isles link between the mainland and the western isles and the mainland .
mae aelodau rhai o bobl gerddi wedi dweud bod yr etholiad cymru .
national league side york city have signed macclesfield town striker gary parkin on a free transfer .
baroness warsi has resigned as prime minister of downing street , saying she was ` ` shocked '' .
world number one angelique kerber was beaten 6 - 0 by china 's zheng of china in the second round of the australian open .
george boyd is to write an official james bond novel , which is set to be published next year .
russia 's government has lifted a ban on access to pornography websites , including some of the country 's most popular porn websites .
the former head of mi5 , baroness manningham - buller , has said she believes the uk 's military action against iraq was ` ` flawed '' .
the battle for mosul 's capital , mosul , has been described as a ` ` perfect storm '' .
everton manager roy keane has criticised the republic of ireland manager ronald koeman over his criticism of his team - mates .
counter - terrorism officers were called to a disturbance in maidstone on friday after a counter - terrorism operation .
an investigation has been launched after an electrical fault at a power station in dumfries and galloway .
three men have been charged in connection with a dissident republican activity in lurgan , county armagh .
world cup referee nigel owens has announced his retirement from international rugby to take up a role in the sport .
australia 's former police and crime commissioner , tom dutton , has accused two of ` ` misuse of sexual assaults '' .
a teenager has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street in essex .
lotus 's bid to take over the lotus formula 1 team has been adjourned until january .
the head of the uk 's largest catholic church has said that christians will not be allowed into refugee camps .
an mp has announced his intention to stand for re - election after he announced he will not be standing for re - election .
plans to raise the price of a police car course in bristol have been criticised by an independent panel .
apple has reported a rise in sales of its iphones and tablet computers in the first quarter of the year .
it 's been a year since the world 's fastest sprinter was banned from all sport for life .
greece 's government has rejected a referendum on the terms of a bailout from the european union .
the london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- has apologised for using the phrase ` ` backsideters '' .
oneweb , the world 's largest satellite network , has officially opened in the united states .
league two side gillingham have parted company with manager lee byrne , with manager justin edinburgh leaving the club .
a report into the activities of the welsh amateur boxing association has found that it is not fit for purpose .
a man who provided ambulances to a private company has said he is ` ` aggrieved '' about his contract .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a car crash .
chelsea ladies ' hopes of reaching the women 's super league one play - offs were dented by a lacklustre display .
former world number one tiger woods missed the cut at the honda classic in california after carding a second round of 66 .
a transgender woman in the southern indian state of tamil nadu has won a legal battle against the government 's decision to allow her to be a police officer .
chris coleman 's future as wales manager will be decided by the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- .
the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- has said it will approve the merger of deutsche boerse and deutsche boerse .
fifa president michel platini will be the next president of world football , the football association says .
great britain 's sir ben ainslie has become the first team to win the world yachting cup .
a us judge has sentenced a man to six years in jail for sexually assaulting a woman in california .
lee johnson scored twice as motherwell came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish premiership .
us president - elect donald trump has said he believes us president barack obama is behind the election .
the number of women taking part in religious life in england and wales is at a ` ` very different place '' , according to the church .
st johnstone have signed kyle mcclean from st johnstone for an undisclosed fee on a two - year deal .
the inquest into the deaths of four british soldiers who were involved in a collision with a car in afghanistan has been opened .
the number of people dying from heart disease in scotland has fallen by 43 % in the past five years .
one of the world 's largest airline loganair has undergone a # 3.5 m refurbishment programme .
a wind farm in county londonderry has collapsed after being damaged by a large pile of debris .
a report into the death of a baby girl in northamptonshire has highlighted ` ` failings '' by police .
former treasury minister john parkinson has been re - elected as st peter port north in a by - election .
motorists who buy diesel cars could face tougher penalties under new government plans , the government has said .
a man in brazil has found a piece of debris that washed up on a riverbank in north - east brazil .
china 's foreign minister sajid javid has said it is ` ` no closer to finding international action '' in the steel industry .
a group of indian nurses who were detained by militants in iraq by so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- have been released .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady has been cleared of deflate - gate after a us judge ruled him out of action .
england 's ian poulter shot a six - under - par 66 to move into second place at the nedbank golf challenge in dubai .
a ceredigion man is trying to trace the identity of a postcard sent to a woman in a postcard .
a man has been arrested in connection with the alleged hacking of kate middleton 's icloud account .
robert snodgrass 's first game in charge of hull city ended in defeat as they were beaten by southampton .
more than 30,000 people were treated to heatwaves in the uk as temperatures soared .
chelsea have appointed guus hiddink as their new manager on a two - year deal , the club have confirmed .
crystal palace have signed crystal palace striker yannick bolasie on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
work to build a # 1.5 m arts centre in gwynedd is ` ` a mess '' , a worker has claimed .
on monday , the first day of the 24-hour strike by nhs staff in the uk has been described as ` ` a bit different '' .
former barcelona and barcelona footballer johan cruyff has died at the age of 82 . . . .   < q >
india 's transport ministry has apologised to train staff after a woman asked for help to find milk for her baby .
three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of county antrim man kevin mcilhagga .
the government 's plans to repeal laws in england and wales are to be debated by the government .
israeli police have raided the homes of some of the country 's top officials as part of an investigation into alleged links to the holocaust .
a former nhs nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed .
high - profile uk graduates from poorer backgrounds are being ` ` locked out of top jobs '' , a report says .
joe root is a ` ` big choice '' as england captain , says former captain james anderson .
a lorry driver who admitted causing the deaths of two people in a crash has been jailed for five years .
the united states is the world 's best - known nation in the world , and it 's been a long - term history .
two brothers from county down have pleaded guilty to possessing cocaine with intent to supply them to a house in east belfast .
a woman in the us state of utah has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering her two young babies .
the government in el salvador has issued an anti - drug message to the government , warning that it is ` ` possible '' to tackle crime .
a man 's body has been found at a recycling plant in somerset , police have said , as part of an investigation .
plans to build a new bridge on the a8 between inverness and perth have been submitted to transport scotland .
council schools in england are being given the power to sponsor sponsor them , according to the local government association .
brighton striker craig stephens will miss the rest of the season after being found guilty of misconduct by the football association .
telecoms regulator ofcom has released an app that lets people with super - fi in high - speed broadband .
a fire has broken out at a block of flats in west london where dozens of people have died .
it 's the story of wales ' most famous footballer , lee wallace , who has died aged 72 .
south africa 's high court has rejected an appeal against the conviction of oscar pistorius for killing his girlfriend .
syrian government forces say they have taken control of the city of khalidiya , which has been overrun by government forces .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the a470 in monmouthshire .
britain 's joseph parker jr will fight wladimir fury for the wbo and wbo super - bantamweight title .
ac milan have signed ac milan defender marc benedicic on a season - long loan deal .
two police officers have been jailed for two years after being caught using computer systems to spy on drugs .
plans to build a specialist cancer unit in rhondda cynon taf have been submitted to the council .
ethiopia 's capital addis ababa is one of the world 's fastest - growing countries .
campaigners are calling for a new centre to support the treatment of a rare form of muscular dystrophy .
a woman who campaigned on post - polio syndrome to be vaccinated has been described as ` ` an example '' by a charity .
somerset have re - signed south africa all - rounder matt van der nerwe on a two - year contract .
a project to restore a surrey cathedral 's grade ii - listed building has failed to meet its target .
indonesia 's prime minister has said it is ` ` shocked '' that australia 's government has recalled its ambassador to canberra .
bournemouth have signed striker jermain defoe from sunderland for an undisclosed fee , believed to be # 2 m .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 ended the day higher , with the ftse 100 closing higher .
the fbi has agreed to help in the case of a teenager accused of killing two people in california .
the brazilian samba school of rio de janeiro has been crowned the world 's most popular samba school .
olam , one of the world 's largest oil firms , has accused indonesia 's olam of selling palm oil .
the us has appointed a new ambassador to cuba , a week after the communist revolution ended without agreement .
west ham manager mike dean 's red card against west ham has been described as ` ` shameful '' .
john vaughan says there is no need to be ` ` mentally tough '' in the championship this season .
great britain 's double olympic champion nicola adams says she is capable of taking women 's boxing .
a man has been taken to hospital after suffering serious injuries in an edinburgh business premises , police have said .
theresa may 's announcement that the uk 's departure from the european union is a ` ` great idea '' .
at least three people have died after choking on a rice snack in japan 's capital , tokyo .
the uk 's food and drink exports rose in the first three months of the year , according to industry figures .
the number of fatal police shootings in england and wales has increased , the police watchdog has said .
a court in russia has sentenced three russian dancers to life in jail for ` ` disrespectful '' dance moves .
a man has denied the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car in swansea .
the labour party 's manifesto pledge to increase spending by # 8bn has been given the go - ahead .
detectives investigating the murders of a mother and daughter in north london have said they are ` ` confident '' they could have been involved .
labour leadership candidate liz kendall has said she is ` ` the only person in the party '' .
fixed - odds betting terminals are to be kept under review , the government has said , despite calls for local authorities to protect them .
an orange order parade in ardoyne , county londonderry , has ended after the catholic priest was attacked by a group of residents .
ballaghan has been named as the new manager of carrick rangers on a two - year deal .
sony is to restart production of its first studio in the uk , in a move that could see its low - cost record industry .
the governor of north carolina has said he wants to ` ` clean up the mess '' of the democratic party -lrb- gop -rrb- in the election .
the stress test for this year 's uk 's financial crisis is set to be carried out by the bank of england .
west indies head coach phil simmons has apologised for his ` ` public misconduct '' after his appeal against his omission .
scotland 's russell knox was on the field for the first time in two weeks when he arrived in edinburgh .
police have said they are investigating a suspicious car found on a main road in glasgow city centre in the early hours .
the mother of a scottish man killed by the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has said she hopes to be killed .
a new way to treat antimicrobial infections could help boost the immune system , say researchers .
a united airlines flight from edinburgh to chicago was forced to make an emergency landing because of a mechanical fault .
the husband of a british - iranian woman jailed in iran has said he is ` ` frightened '' by the uk government 's handling of her case .
bt 's chief executive joe garner is to leave the company at the end of the year , the company has announced .
a police officer has been arrested in connection with a tip - off on an officer 's phone .
britain 's tom latham won gold in the men 's individual pursuit at the track cycling world championships in hong kong .
ufc 200 fighter conor mcgregor has said he is ` ` optimistic '' to return to the sport after announcing he is retiring .
a grade ii - listed stately home is set to open its doors for the first time .
a new video has been released by the museum of brands in the uk , where we buy food .
the uk 's defence secretary has said the eu will continue to oppose any ` ` bureaucratic duplication '' of european defence .
morocco has joined the african union -lrb- au -rrb- in a bid to sign a referendum on the future of western sahara .
former premier league footballer david carlisle has been jailed for three years for failing to give a breath sample to police .
england manager roy hodgson says his side must learn from losing their euro 2016 qualifier against switzerland on monday .
the trial of two former leaders of cambodia 's khmer rouge regime is due to begin in september .
a man has been charged in connection with an explosion at a police station in county tyrone in 1997 .
wrexham have appointed barry morrell as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year contract .
a woman in her 50s has been taken to hospital after a house fire in londonderry .
this year 's eurovision song contest has become the first nation to be barred from entering the country .
a block grant from stamp duty to wales could be cut by # 50 m a year , a think tank has claimed .
global warming may not be enough to save the world 's most endangered coral reef , say scientists .
scotland 's fish stocks have been boosted by an increase in the amount of fish quotas for next year .
at a centre in central london , the bbc 's alemarathon assesses what it is like to be a refugee centre .
pakistan has lifted a ban on access to youtube , the country 's telecoms regulator has said .
one of britain 's oldest daily newspapers is set to close its doors in the city of fleet street .
chris froome 's hopes of winning the vuelta a espana suffered a setback after a crash on stage three .
a 16-year - old girl has been jailed for eight months for assaulting a police officer in dundee .
the first woman bishop of the church of england has been nominated to be the first female bishop of greater manchester .
a distribution firm is to close its distribution centre in torfaen with the loss of 171 jobs .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a hit - and - run crash in leicester .
a head teacher at a school in devon has said he is ` ` the longest - serving head in the country '' .
the uk 's leading technology body has called for an end to the row over genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops .
peter kennaugh has become the first briton to win the tour de france in a perfect week .
bristol city moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with a 3 - 2 win at watford .
more than 5,000 jobs were created in wales in the last year , official figures show .
spain 's catalonia region is set to begin a process of reconsidering independence from spain .
the head of spain 's national transport agency -lrb- renfe -rrb- has said there is no records of communication from a train that derailed last month .
in the middle of the night , there was a clear sense of hope that the greek government 's failure to protect small savers .
premier league clubs have ` ` turned the corner '' for the first time , according to a report by deloitte .
former top gear host alan yentob has said he is ` ` gutted '' by the decision to quit top gear .
the us library of congress has approved new rules that allow car owners to change their cars to use software .
a dutch court has ordered google to hand over details of its reviews online , after it was criticised by a judge .
former england batsman benkenstein could be out for up to six weeks after fracturing his right shoulder in the foot .
the queen 's commitment to royal duty has been a ` ` huge milestone '' in her life , prime minister david cameron has said .
neil watson has been appointed as the new coaching set - up for scotland 's world cup qualifiers .
voting has begun in elections to choose a new city mayor and police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
ryan whyte and craig whyte both scored twice as linfield fought back to beat premiership leaders crusaders .
police are investigating a ` ` cowardly '' attack on a vulnerable man in south lanarkshire .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants are reported to have carried out air strikes in the syrian city of raqqa .
four royal navy warships are set to be sold to a uk ship recycler , the ministry of defence has said .
israel 's foreign minister laurent fabius has said a deal on iran 's nuclear programme is a ` ` first step '' .
if you want to get a place at a - level , it 's easy to find a place in the future .
the world 's largest cruise ship has arrived in the united states for the first time since it ran aground last week .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- cps -rrb- is to seek an immediate review of the case of a man accused of rape .
more than 300 jobs are to be lost at a factory in county durham , the company has confirmed .
archaeologists have uncovered what is thought to be britain 's oldest open town in the early roman era .
fifa 's former chief prosecutor , michael garcia , has died at the age of 82 , aged 83 .
england 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the under-20 world cup were ended by a 1 - 0 defeat by guinea .
the high court in edinburgh has ordered the immediate release of a woman who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer .
a former chaplain of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- at a glasgow cathedral has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the decision to allow muslim muslims to join the service .
wales head coach warren gatland says his side are ` ` gutted '' by their ` ` disappointing '' form .
arsenal have signed legia warsaw defender krystian bielik on loan until the end of the season .
glasgow 's european challenge cup quarter - final against northampton at scotstoun was the first of the season .
home builder home depot has reported a rise in sales in the first quarter of the year , helped by strong growth in the us housing market .
there 's a lot of questions about wimbledon 's dress code , which starts on monday , and it 's fair to start the week .
a grade ii - listed cotton mill in west yorkshire has been demolished by a fire which has been saved .
david cameron 's decision to take military action against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria has raised questions about his future .
if you want to find a homeowner in the uk , do you know that a species of japanese knotweed ?
phil taylor beat vincent huybrechts to reach the quarter - finals of the pdc world championship .
leigh centurions secured their place in the super league play - off semi - final with victory over salford rediscovergne .
a man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend to death with a large knife has been jailed for life .
the partner of a transgender woman who died at a prison has said she ` ` ca n't stop crying '' .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said she believes owen smith can lead the party into government .
work is under way to restore the long - running swansea canal which has been disused for more than half a century .
instagram has announced that it is shutting down the company 's use of advertising as a company .
the speaker of the house of commons , john slipper , has resigned after a row over a sexual harassment case .
an italian man has been arrested on suspicion of smuggling cocaine into the italian city of rome , police say .
it 's a week since the end of the week , the daily telegraph and the news letter .
ricky burns retained his wbc super - bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over mexican joe beltran .
mexican police say they have arrested a man suspected of being involved in the kidnapping of striker pulido .
the imperial emperor , the emperor of the antarctic , has been found in the antarctic for the first time .
plans for a new # 2 m lifeboat station in scarborough have been approved by the council of england .
the price of scottish pork has fallen by 20 % in the last year , according to a farming leader .
michael dunlop set the pace for this week 's opening practice session at the isle of man tt .
a 16-year - old boy has died after suffering a head injury during a party in south - east london .
hull city captain robert snodgrass has been ruled out for six months with a serious knee injury .
craig tanner scored the only goal of the game as plymouth beat league two strugglers crawley in league two .
a dorset college has become the first in the uk to receive a grant of # 3.5 m from the government .
league one side oldham athletic have signed burnley defender chris jones on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a 200-year - old canoe has been found on the m1 in the middle of a busy motorway .
police have released cctv footage of a man they want to speak to in connection with the murder of jorrie stevenson .
edinburgh moved level on points with pro12 leaders edinburgh with a bonus - point win at newport gwent dragons .
the us government has agreed to pay $ 13bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 13bn -rrb- to the us justice department for selling mortgage - backed securities .
plans to build a new tube station in south - east london have been approved by the government .
the number of women who suffered miscarriages in the first three months of the year has risen to 25 .
england 's preparations for the third test against india in chennai -lrb- formerly known as ` ` the best '' .
microsoft has released a virtual reality app that allows users to watch games on their smartphones and tablets .
lancashire 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented by bad weather .
kilmarnock leapfrogged kilmarnock into the premiership play - off places with victory at kilmarnock .
former world snooker player lee chung - yong has been fined # 1,600 for failing to send a snooker cue .
the environment minister is to outline plans to sell publicly - owned woodland in wales to the private sector .
the eu 's brexit negotiating process is a huge deal for the uk 's politicians .
the government 's immigration cap has been ` ` counter - productive '' , mps have said .
former rangers captain barry ferguson believes scott allan could be a ` ` no - brainer '' .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march to protest against the closure of two scottish steel plants .
a former deputy leader of the ira has been charged in connection with the murder of jean mcconville .
warner bros has announced plans to write a sequel to fantastic beasts and where to find them next month .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in worcestershire .
rangers manager pedro caixinha 's ` ` perfect fit '' for his team - mate bruno alves is the right defender to join celtic , says former team - mate tom mccarthy .
a man accused of trying to steal # 20,000 from a bungalow has told a court he thought he was a drug dealer .
ciara mageean has been named in the ireland team for this week 's european championships in rome .
one direction 's one direction have cancelled a concert in belfast because of ` ` bedlam down '' .
manchester united are in talks with the owners of old trafford over the transfer of manchester united 's top defenders .
education secretary alun cairns has announced plans to devolve further devolution powers to wales .
the us - led coalition says it has bombed islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in north - eastern syria .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
south africa 's hopes of reaching the second round of the one - day series against sri lanka were dented by a three - wicket win .
a hospital in merseyside has temporarily lifted a ban on visiting patients with an outbreak of norovirus .
a man has died after a fire at a house in oxford .   's north - east .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo set the pace in second practice at the hungarian grand prix .
mae heddlu gogledd cymru wedi cael ei gyhuddo o lofro yn dilyn yng nghaerdydd .
mario balotelli says he is ` ` going to leave the pitch '' because of racist abuse .
police in the southern indian state of kerala have arrested a writer for refusing to stand for the national anthem .
england manager sam allardyce says he is concerned about joe hart 's future at manchester city .
former lib dem mp bob marshall - andrews has said he will not be a member of the labour party .
welsh actress angharad rees , best known for her role as angharad , has died at the age of 82 .
us investment firm blackrock has announced plans to cut 2,000 jobs as part of cost - cutting efforts .
hundreds of people have taken part in a sky ride in plymouth to mark the start of the year .
a scheme to help black and minority ethnic women into work is to be rolled out in two scottish cities .
three pupils at londonderry school have been suspended after a drugs test was found on a property .
thousands of chelsea fans have taken part in a parade to celebrate the club 's premier league title triumph .
motherwell owner les hutchison has agreed to sell the majority of his shareholding in the club .
elite league leaders cardiff devils were beaten 4 - 0 by the elite league champions at the sse arena .
two brothers from exmouth have set a new world record for the fastest single - handed boat race .
half of patients with a week of radiotherapy could benefit from the treatment of brain tumours , say doctors .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash .
a man has been jailed for causing the death of a seven - year - old boy by dangerous driving .
india 's anti - doping agency has accused the country 's sports authorities of being ` ` targeted '' by a doping test .
french centre - right presidential candidate francois fillon has said he is ` ` outraged '' by allegations that his wife earned more than $ 500,000 -lrb- # 400,000 -rrb- in expenses .
a woman accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl has told a court she is not fantasising .
an australian psychiatrist has told the bbc that the government 's ` ` gag '' policy on treatment of asylum seekers in detention centres has been criticised .
four men have been cautioned after naming the name of footballer ched evans on social media and posted the name on facebook .
arsenal ladies have signed netherlands international forward middag from ajax on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for trying to kill a takeaway worker who was attacked with a knife .
more than half of parents in england are eating school lunches , according to a survey by mumsnet .
chesterfield chief executive david turner is to leave the club at the end of the season , the club have confirmed .
ben stokes and james taylor hit centuries as england tightened their grip on the first test against south africa .
newport county chairman gavin foxall says the club have secured a contract to stay in the football league .
a falklands war veteran has recreated the story of his daughter 's story of mrs orangeleaf .
west brom manager tony pulis says striker saido berahino is ` ` not fit '' to play for west brom .
quinton de kock and ab de kock both hit centuries as england tightened their grip on the one - day series against south africa .
we ' ve been using social media to tell us what they want to know about the impact of the year .
police in germany have arrested two men suspected of planning an attack on the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
a bbc radio presenter has said he feels ` ` lonely '' after he phoned his wife 's phone - in .
bbc radio 4 's reaction time programme is to be broadcast on the bbc 's later this month .
a fund manager has told the bbc that the uk has ` ` gone out of business '' to leave the european union .
granada manager tony adams says he will not make the same mistakes as his side lose 2 - 1 to espanyol .
mexico 's president enrique pena nieto has pledged to support those who lost their jobs in a fire that killed dozens of people .
accrington stanley have signed fulham defender tom rodak on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
tributes have been paid to a ` ` loving brother '' father and three children who died in a crash .
the trust that owns swansea city has said it is ` ` extremely excited '' that the club 's proposed takeover of the club will not be completed .
the mother of a two - year - old boy who has autism and autism has written to a council to help them get a new park .
rangers leapfrogged hearts into second place in the scottish premiership with a 2 - 0 win at tynecastle .
wales ' hopes of reaching the semi - finals of euro 2016 are over after they beat belgium in lille on saturday .
human remains have been unearthed at the site of brighton 's royal pavilion complex , the city council has said .
the father of a us student who was detained in north korea has said his son is in a coma for nearly 15 months .
a campaign to eradicate bovine tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- has been launched by the government .
campaigners are calling for the closure of newport 's central library as part of plans to save the city 's famous literary title .
ajax have confirmed that abdelhak nouri 's brain was damaged during a pre - season friendly in austria .
the scottish government is warning that air pollution is causing a ` ` huge public health issue '' in scotland .
france 's president francois hollande has announced that he will strip all of his french nationality of their french nationality .
prime minister theresa may has said it is ` ` regrettable '' that he did not see an article 50 letter on devolution .
uk airline monarch has said it is ` ` confident '' it will resume bookings to saudi arabia next year .
celtic 's stuart ambrose has joined blackburn on a short - term deal until the end of the season .
henry marshall scored a hat - trick of tries as gloucester came from behind to beat gloucester at kingsholm .
atletico madrid moved level on points with la liga leaders barcelona with a draw at the top of la liga .
the number of people waiting for treatment for mental health problems in wales has more than doubled in the past six years .
frank pantridge , the belfast doctor who has died at the age of 87 , has died aged 95 .
hundreds of people have attended a service on the hs2 high - speed rail line in north london .
uk business secretary lord myners has said the sale of arm is ` ` not legally enforceable '' .
microsoft has said it will continue to search for the identity of a blogger who was found in his email accounts .
a court in kansas has sentenced a white supremacist to life in prison for shooting dead two people outside a jewish community centre .
huddersfield town moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with a comfortable victory over norwich .
league two side hartlepool united have signed reading striker aaron tshibola on loan until the end of the season .
the scottish chambers of commerce -lrb- scc -rrb- has said it will work with business leaders to boost economic growth in china .
welsh triathlete helen jenkins hopes to qualify for this summer 's olympic triathlon in rio .
a prosthetic limb is to be fitted with a pair of prosthetics that can help them with amputees .
west ham have been told to waive the rents of the olympic stadium deal after the government refused to reveal details of its rent .
gordon strachan was in a ` ` crisis '' with scotland 's performance in the 1 - 1 draw with malta on tuesday .
peterborough manager grant mccann says he is pleased with the impact of peterborough 's tom maddison .
plymouth argyle striker paul hartley says he was ` ` proud '' to see his side beat afc wimbledon in the league two play - off final .
a danish man has been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter over the death of a swedish woman on board a submarine .
the number of young people voting for labour in the general election has increased , according to a new survey .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- chief thomas bach has said the decision to ban russian athletes from competing at rio 2016 is ` ` a huge milestone '' .
britain 's ibf world heavyweight champion anthony joshua has been told he will fight wba world champion champion wba champion wba and wba super - bantamweight champion wbo world champion wba super - bantamweight titles .
nick blackwell says he will not let chris eubank jr fight again if he recovers from a brain injury .
the number of people with mental health problems in the uk is rising , according to a report by the bbc .
fiji is one of the most densely - populated countries in the 20th century , with its reputation as an indigenous nation .
nhs highland has announced plans to allow maternity services to be transferred to a hospital in caithness .
glasgow blaze have signed canadian forward liam adams on a two - year deal for next season 's elite league .
an exhibition is to be held in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of a victorian artist .
a new primary school in inverness has been closed to pupils after a hot water pipe burst during the building .
french prime minister manuel valls has called for greater security measures at the city of london to tackle the ` ` caricature '' of france .
league one side montrose have signed former hearts and hibernian defender jim van zanten on a two - year contract .
jump jockey ryan moore could be a ` ` champion jockey '' , says trainer sean hannon .
the museum of london 's victoria and albert museum has opened its doors for the first time time .
work is under way in conwy to ease the risk of foreign tourists travelling in a coach drop - off point .
the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- has released images of a nuclear power plant in north korea .
it 's a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the government has launched an investigation into the case of three children who were removed from a council in rotherham .
falkirk manager peter houston hopes the promotion of the championship would be a ` ` huge achievement '' .
astronomers have detected nine ` ` super - objects '' of the most powerful stars in the milky way .
the chief executive of the paramount film company , shari redstone , is to be removed from the company .
england fly - half chris robshaw says his side 's preparations for the world cup were ` ` shocking '' .
the isle of wight council has launched an appeal against the high court 's decision to allow parents to attend school term time .
great britain 's naomi broady and heather watson have reached the final of the aegon championships in hong kong .
uk holidaymaker visa says it is ` ` skint '' to keep pace with inflation in the uk .
a 15-year - old boy has been jailed for planning to behead a jihadist in london .
british businessman shrien dewani has been extradited from the uk to south africa to face murder charges .
urgent action is needed to save wales ' maternity services , according to a report by the royal college of midwives .
an iron age fort in the vale of glamorgan was the subject of a ` ` cultural powerhouse '' , archaeologists have said .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
us conservative activist jerry schlafly has died at the age of 82 , her family has announced .
macau 's gambling revenue has set a record for the first time in four years , according to official figures .
us chip giant qualcomm has agreed to pay $ 2.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.6 bn -rrb- to settle a case against china 's state watchdog .
a 34-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a man and woman in dundee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of zimbabwe .
a man has been taken to hospital after being struck by a lorry on the hard shoulder of the m6 .
a man and his wife have pleaded guilty to raping a woman in a prison in londonderry .
rapper asap yams has died after suffering an adverse reaction from an overdose of opidorm .
german prosecutors have released a man they want to speak to in connection with last week 's attack in berlin .
cardiff city defender bruno ecuele manga is set to miss the rest of the season with malaria .
comedian jimmy stewart has paid tribute to the daily show , which has been popular for more than 20 years .
former rangers owner craig whyte has been cleared of all charges relating to the club 's sale of the club .
ipswich town manager mick mccarthy has backed defender berra to be named as the ` ` best defender in the league '' .
poland 's conservative party has won the parliamentary elections , which will see the country 's conservative government run alone .
plans to expand london 's main airport have been unveiled by the county 's planning inspectorate .
guernsey 's fa cup quarter - final replay against guernsey was ` ` not good enough '' , says manager tony vance .
oldham 's league one play - off hopes were ended as they were held to a draw by wigan .
it 's one of the uk 's best - known pubs , pubs and clubs .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the dangers of road accidents .
cholesterol levels could be reduced to four times as soon as possible , according to a review .
the organisers of the glastonbury festival have been fined # 300,000 after a leak of sewage into a stream .
falkirk manager peter houston says he would like to sign a new striker in the january transfer window .
the government has been defeated in the house of lords over plans to give english mps a veto on english laws .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has agreed to pay back more than # payback to upgrade his nkandla home .
when japanese entrepreneur doga makiura started his job in japan 's capital , kampala .
former super - bantamweight champion nick blackwell has been suspended by the british boxing board for sparring with nick blackwell .
england head coach eddie jones has defended the ` ` tough and brutal '' treatment of fly - half johnny sexton .
wigan warriors full - back sam tomkins says he will never return to the super league next season .
kilmarnock have signed former hearts and hearts full - back jamie hamill on a free transfer .
oscar - winning actor luke phoenix has said he does not want to be a part of the film .
here 's a guide to the key topics for australia 's new prime minister and prime minister :
the family of a us doctor who was dragged off a united airlines flight have filed an emergency court case .
a woman has been left blind in one eye after a laser pen was shone into her face in glasgow .
a monument has been installed in walt disney 's walt disney resort where a toddler was killed by an alligator .
venezuelan foreign minister nicolas almagro has urged president nicolas maduro to ` ` give up '' .
it 's a typical day for the residents of a leisure centre in camden , north london , where they are evacuated from their homes .
a man jailed for posting a ` ` joke '' on social media has lost his appeal against his conviction .
tributes have been paid to entertainer norman wright , who has died at the age of 82 , after a long illness .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani recalls the beginning of a series of events in the uk .
belgian police have arrested two suspected islamists in an anti - terror operation in the north - western town of verviers .
a student who lost her hand in a night out has said it is ` ` worth thousands of pounds '' .
bbc radio 4 's today programme lost its share of the audience in the first quarter of the year , new figures show .
germany 's foreign intelligence agency -lrb- bfv -rrb- says it has no evidence that a man suspected of planning a bomb attack on its offices .
iaaf president lord coe is a ` ` wonderful responsibility '' to lead the organisation 's governing body , according to a report .
newcastle united manager steve mcclaren has said he is ` ` confident '' he will remain at the club .
a teenager who bit off a work worker 's ear has been jailed for eight years and nine months .
a computer security program has hijacked several high - profile printers in the past week .
more than half of people in the uk believe they were a real person , according to a survey by the church of england .
changes to rules on term - time holidays could cause a ` ` huge confusion '' , a group of mps has said .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
scientists are trying to find a new type of fruit cake that was found in a bog in argentina .
ulster rugby has apologised for wearing a poppy on their shirts during friday 's game against newport gwent dragons .
the captain of costa concordia has been sentenced to 18 years in jail for his role in the capsizing of the costa concordia .
us swimmer ryan lochte and his team - mates have announced they will not be renewing their sponsorship of the firm .
manchester united manager louis van gaal said he was ` ` not so good '' after his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by southampton .
three sisters from birmingham have appeared in court charged with preparing for a terror attack in the capital , birmingham .
derby county 's winless run continued as they were held to a goalless draw by brentford .
at least 30 people have been killed in an air strike in southern yemen , the health ministry says .
the mother of two us teenagers missing off the coast of florida has appealed for help in finding him .
two people have been arrested in pakistan in connection with the murder of a british political activist in 2008 .
plans to create new marine protection zones in wales are to be scrapped , the environment minister has said .
it 's been a year since the start of the digital revolution , the digital world 's fastest growing economy .
the mother of murdered blackpool teenager charlene arkinson has said she wants to force police to investigate her case .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says it will be ` ` very difficult '' for his team to qualify for the europa league .
the bbc 's sound of 2016 list has topped this year 's uk album chart , which has been announced .
thein sein , the former prime minister of myanmar , has pledged to support reform in the united states .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the plight of palm trees in antigua .
when joanne o'loan was injured in a paramilitary - style attack in north belfast , she was injured by her paramilitaries .
the number of criminal cases dropped by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has fallen , figures show .
fleetwood 's league one play - off hopes were dented as they were held to a draw by fleetwood .
it 's been a year since the general election , with scotland voting to decide who will run the country .
britain 's chris evans won the final stage of the tour de france with victory in the final stages .
celtic 's teenage striker karamoko has become the youngest player in the club 's history .
a hospital 's plans to set up a ` ` park - and - ride '' parking space have been criticised by an mp .
jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` the poorest ward in the country '' after the grenfell tower fire .
for more than 50 years , kusal sarlan is one of the world 's oldest living families .
norwich city defender kyle lafferty has been charged by the football association after being charged with misconduct .
a court in michigan has ordered the arrest of a us doctor accused of sexually abusing his daughter .
the bbc 's annual conference is due to be held in edinburgh later this week to discuss the future of the corporation .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a four - year - old girl in a car crash .
chinese artist ai weiwei has said he is ` ` emotionally charged '' with making new works on the greek island of lesbos .
ospreys wing tom thornton has signed a two - year contract extension with the pro12 side .
the board members of sport ni have resigned after a meeting with the department of culture , sport ni .
the number of patients waiting at accident and emergency units in yorkshire has increased by more than a third in five years .
uk house prices rose by 0.5 % in the month to november , according to the nationwide .
scarlets head coach ken owens believes his side have the ` ` complete package '' in european rugby .
a man has been freed from a night out after spending more than a week locked inside a nightclub .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
european athletics ' governing body has proposed changes to world records , which could see them banned from international competition .
the founder of a us anti - muslim activist group , jared geller , has been described as ` ` outrageous '' by the white house .
concerns have been raised about the ` ` narrowness '' of coastal sand dunes at a denbighshire beach .
the father of a woman who was found dead at a male prison has told an inquest he is ` ` going to do something silly '' .
a ` ` very dangerous '' man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - girlfriend .
aston villa 's fabian delph 's move to manchester city was the only part of the week .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm and ammunition in luton , police have said .
the story of wales ' longest - reigning history has been described as ` ` the most significant change in history '' .
a team of researchers in switzerland has created a robot that can be used to help prevent people from using robots .
serbia and serbia have been stripped of their euro 2016 qualifying places by uefa after a drone was thrown over the pitch .
spanish football 's governing body uefa has confirmed that former barcelona boss villar is to step down .
british actor tom hiddleston says he is ` ` very happy '' with taylor swift , despite rumours he and his girlfriend taylor swift .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone has rejected calls for a return to qualifying for the 2015 season .
matt greer says he is open to selection for scotland 's euro 2016 qualifier against france in september .
john akinde 's first - half goal earned barnet a 1 - 0 win at mansfield .
former anglo irish bank chief executive ian drumm has appeared in court in dublin charged with fraud offences .
real madrid have signed juventus striker alvaro morata on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the rmt union has reached a deal with unions to end a long - running dispute over new trains .
national league side torquay united have signed torquay united defender angus macdonald on a two - year deal .
guatemala 's former military chief , general ein rios montt , has died at the age of 90 .
children 's services in birmingham are ` ` improving '' and ` ` requires improvement '' , the city council has said .
west ham chairman david gold has apologised to a fan who asked him to leave the club .
the man who led the nazi occupation of nazi germany in world war two has spoken about his role in the holocaust .
three men have been charged in connection with the theft of a life - sized baby girl from a church in edinburgh .
lewis hamilton 's hopes of becoming the first driver to win the world championship were dented by a crash in final practice at the malaysian grand prix .
a nurse who was left paralysed by a brain haemorrhage has been struck off .
prime minister david cameron has urged people to be vigilant after the uk voted to leave the eu .
the mayor of paris has said she will sue fox news for defamation after she said it would sue the city .
russian opposition leader vladimir putin has accused the kremlin of ` ` insulting '' the country 's opposition leader .
donald trump 's spokesman for the father of the nation 's first president , bob e lee , has said he is ` ` concerned '' about his plans to remove his statue .
chelsea manager antonio conte has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club . .
southampton have signed midfielder harry redmond from norwich city for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
marcus trescothick and alex trego both hit centuries on the final day of the county championship match against middlesex at taunton .
this year 's news day is a major news day for schools and schools across the united states .
mae heddlu de cymru wedi cael ei gafoddiad terfysgol yng nghanolfan siopa .
a new computer system that allows students to consult at gp practice has been developed by researchers in aberdeen .
a book about the death of a soldier in afghanistan has been named the uk 's best book of the year .
a spanish court has ordered the return of a painting by a spanish tycoon to the uk to france .
ireland all - rounder craig young is set to miss the remainder of the one - day series against sri lanka because of an ankle injury .
in the australian city of sydney , i looked into the room at the start of the new year , when i first met the founder of bitcoin .
a former care worker has been charged with raping and sexually abusing children at a boarding school in east sussex .
british and irish lions scrum - half alex healy is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering an ankle injury .
a train carriage which was transported to the uk for more than 50 years has been restored after being restored .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in a park in lancashire , police have said .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed in the back of a car .
a hat worn by princess diana has been sold for # 1,000 at auction in london .
the parents of a 12-year - old boy who was left alone on a bus in powys have apologised to the council .
middlesbrough head coach steve agnew says his side are ` ` naive '' after their 2 - 0 defeat by hull city .
women 's super league one side notts county ladies have signed england international sarah greenwood from liverpool .
the amount of money spent on improving social housing in wales has increased , according to a new report .
a british man has been shot dead in thailand , the foreign office has confirmed , after reports say .
plans for a new school campus in jedburgh have been submitted to the scottish government 's council .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
students at three welsh universities are satisfied with their experience , according to a national survey of student satisfaction .
a genetic fault in the gene that puts people at higher risk of having a stroke is linked to a particular gene , researchers say .
a bbc radio derby appeal has raised more than # 10,000 for a cancer prevention appeal .
a blood test that helps people with early onset alzheimer 's disease has been developed by uk researchers .
a new film about the life of a buddhist monk has been screened in dumfries and galloway .
premiership club all golds have met with the owners of gloucester 's all golds rugby league club .
the scottish cup final ended in a dull goalless draw with celtic at hampden park on saturday .
the government 's flagship policy on green belt development in england has been described as ` ` unsustainable '' .
as the government prepares for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union , the bbc 's geeta pan - european political editor norman smith examines what he believes is a ` ` black cloud '' .
super league side sydney roosters have signed catalans dragons full - back sam hopkins for an undisclosed fee .
donald trump 's aberdeenshire links course has been closed to allow for planning permission to be built .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has defended its handling of child sexual exploitation in northern ireland .
scientists say they have discovered a breakthrough in the ability of people with maths problems in the brain .
more than 30 people have been rescued from the roof of a theme park after heavy rain caused flooding .
england 's alan fitzpatrick is three shots behind leader sepp aphibarnrat after the second round of the european tour championship .
bosses have called for a ` ` clear case '' to protect staff from ` ` stasi - style surveillance '' .
us supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg has said she was ` ` humbled '' at a dinner in washington dc .
train services between edinburgh and edinburgh have been disrupted after overhead power lines were blocked due to overhead cables .
bath have signed newport gwent dragons loose - head prop jonny evans on a two - year deal .
game of thrones actor joss whedon has said he is quitting twitter after criticism from critics .
ukip 's new leader paul nuttall has said he does not want the party 's leader to resign .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the findings of a review into the circumstances surrounding the death of schoolboy bailey swinney have been published .
mae ' r cynulliad wedi cyhoeddi gyhoeddi ' r gyhoeddus oed oed oed wedi cael ei gyhoeddi gyhoeddi ' n .
encouraging people to avoid death risk could help boost public health , according to a study in the us .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer joseph meles has been found dead in ethiopia 's capital addis ababa .
a taxi driver has admitted trying to smuggle a man into a dead end to a bank in fife .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire at an industrial estate in londonderry , police have said .
apple 's decision to change the name of little mix has been described as ` ` unacceptable '' .
the snp has won two seats in edinburgh city council by - election after a by - election .
in the past week , china 's communist party has a new generation of young people in the world .
manchester united will be without striker eric schneiderman for saturday 's fa cup quarter - final against manchester united .
barclays has reported a 10 % fall in net profit to # 600 m in the first three months of the year .
cancer patients in england are facing ` ` huge strain '' in the new nhs , campaigners say .
a 92-year - old man from newport has spoken about his experience of living at the auschwitz concentration camp .
the uk 's exit from the european union is ` ` very likely '' to be negative , according to a report by the european commission .
the un should set up an inquiry into atrocities committed by so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , former prime minister george clooney has said .
lewis hamilton has won the us grand prix for the first time since becoming the first driver to win the title .
it 's been a long time for the uk 's national railway -lrb- ici -rrb- .
safety checks are being carried out on high - rise buildings in england and wales following the grenfell tower fire .
the government has announced a ban on the sale of so - called ` ` legal highs '' .
ayr united 's design for a new badge has been voted by the club 's supporters .
a 24-hour strike by merseyrail has been called off by the rmt union .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino says his side are not ready to fight for the premier league title .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes says gordon st mirren are the best left - back in scotland .
a four - year - old girl who was killed in a collision with a van has been named .
britain 's anthony joshua and wladimir klitschko could fight for the ibf and wbo heavyweight title , says promoter barry hearn .
tel aviv has been a quiet place for the first time since it was launched by the israeli military .
the government is to publish a draft plan to cut pollution in some parts of the uk 's worst urban areas .
the domino 's pizza business has been bought by the australian company behind the smash - and - grand deal .
neil lennon 's appointment as hibernian 's new manager has been confirmed by the scottish championship .
german carmaker ge electric and mitsubishi have raised their bid for france 's alstom , in a move that could see it lose thousands of jobs .
the european union and imf have held talks in brussels to try to find a solution to the greek debt crisis .
us chipmaker j&j has won a court case against a woman who died after using the wearable talc .
a court in iran has opened an investigation into the death of iranian blogger mohammad beheshti .
in the aftermath of last week 's peshawar school massacre , pakistan 's police and intelligence services have been working with the taliban .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in cambridgeshire .
the royal mint is marking 2,000 birthday coins to mark the birth of a baby boy .
sport can be a reality check - up for young footballers with a heart condition that causes a heart attack .
former defence minister lord west has said he is ` ` not concerned '' about the safety of an aircraft missile .
rangers have signed former leeds united and hibernian midfielder zaliukas on a two - year deal .
an australian senator has said he is ` ` fortunate '' to return to work as soon as possible .
james anderson and steve woakes will start for england in the second test against south africa on saturday .
the world 's most famous steam locomotive , flying scotsman , has been unveiled in a series of tests .
one of the oldest people living in italian history has died at the age of 87 , her family says .
a 15-year - old boy has been jailed for 12 years for raping and sexually abusing five girls .
at least eight people have been killed in a helicopter crash in mexico city , the interior ministry says .
it 's one of the world 's best - known tech firms , aboku nghiem .
a woman has won the voice of the speaking clock for the first time in more than a decade .
the bbc 's robocup season gets under way in london this weekend - and it 's not a good chance to get the ball .
clashes have broken out in saudi arabia 's second city of awamiya , where shia muslims have been killed .
a teenager who held a machete to a taxi driver 's neck in front of a stranger has been jailed for four years .
a temporary dispersal order has been issued by anglesey police to protect youths from anti - social behaviour .
at least 19 people have been killed in a terror attack in tunisia 's capital , tunis , officials say .
a tree office in east london is set to be installed in an effort to attract visitors to a city 's park .
attendances at uk racecourses rose by 6.2 % in 2015 , compared with the previous year .
the bank of england 's chief executive has warned that the uncertainty over the uk 's membership of the european union could slow down .
the us says it is releasing details of an interim deal on iran 's nuclear programme , which is due to start next month .
ed miliband has said there is no greater ` ` greater symbol of an epidemic '' of zero - hours contracts .
scotland 's political leaders have been campaigning in the first of the general election campaign in the uk .
the west midlands transport authority has announced plans to expand the city 's trams into the city centre .
people with acute mental health problems in wales are more likely to suffer from depression , a study has found .
leeds moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over queens park rangers .
students at oxford university have written an open letter to students asking their neighbours to stay in private accommodation .
great britain 's record - breaking performances at the winter olympics are set to be announced by uk sport .
great britain 's quadruple hopes of qualifying for the 2017 america 's cup world series were ended after a dramatic defeat by japan .
police are investigating the attempted murder of a man who was attacked by two men in kilmarnock .
samsung electronics has raised its profit forecast for the first quarter of the year as it continues to struggle with growth .
scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie has been re - elected to the liberal democrats in north east fife .
us president barack obama 's administration has apologised for ` ` unimaginative , unimaginative and unimaginative '' actions in washington .
two british tourists have been arrested on suspicion of stripping naked on a mountain in the peruvian resort of machu picchu .
lawyers for convicted murderer syed of murder have been granted a new hearing in the us state of baltimore .
former chelsea and hibernian footballer islam feruz has been arrested on suspicion of driving offences .
a five - year - old girl who left a hospital in the uk has been named by police .
a petition calling for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union has been submitted to the government .
celtic have appointed brendan rodgers as their new manager on a two - year contract , the club have confirmed .
a series of events planned by manchester united and ajax are due to be held in the next 24 hours .
polish film director wlady wajda has died at the age of 82 , his family have announced .
labour leader harriet harman has criticised the uk government 's decision to allow police to carry out ` ` extra - judicial killing '' .
labour and the conservatives have clashed over the future of the nhs in wales in the general election campaign .
a man has appeared in court accused of being involved in a drugs trafficking operation in the scottish borders .
the organisers of a scottish music festival have cancelled the event because of a lack of ticket sales .
the number of illegal migrants being detained by police in dover has increased by 50 % in the past year .
paint has been sprayed on the entrance of belfast 's royal albert hall , which was damaged in an arson attack .
poland 's government has rejected plans to ban all abortions in cases of rape and incestabortion .
a new standard of burial and cremation in shropshire is to be introduced by the local government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing jewellery worth thousands of pounds worth of jewellery and jewellery .
us beauty queen helen williams has apologised to her mother after she was asked to resign at the miss america competition .
the reserve bank of india has said it will no longer be able to attend a press conference in mumbai .
in cairo , egypt 's capital , cairo , has been transformed into a ` ` revolution '' .
a memorial service for the victims of the shoreham air disaster is to be held in east sussex .
wales midfielder sam vokes says his side are ` ` unlucky '' to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
russia 's alexander artykov has been stripped of his olympic gold medal after failing a drugs test .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
thousands of iranians have taken part in a protest against iran 's ban on fuel exports to afghanistan .
zimbabwe 's prime minister robert mugabe has promised to introduce a controversial law which has plagued the country 's economy .
former world number one marion bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis at the end of the season .
police have launched a murder investigation after a 15-year - old boy was stabbed to death at a bar .
in the early hours of wednesday , bt 's share price came to an end with the company .
at least eight people have been killed and more than 200 injured in floods in germany , officials say .
indian sprinter dutee chand 's hopes of competing at the glasgow 2014 commonwealth games were shattered by a court ruling .
glamorgan all - rounder colin ingram has signed a new deal with the indian premier league -lrb- ipl -rrb- .
more than a third of the uk 's top athletes have complained about sexism , according to a survey .
the price of oil has fallen below $ 1 a barrel for the first time since 2010 , the russian government has announced .
irish police have carried out a major search operation in dublin in the capital , dublin , on friday .
kilmarnock and kilmarnock played out a goalless draw at home to kilmarnock .
the head of northumbria police is to step down after an investigation into her handling of the murder case .
a four - year - old girl has been taken to hospital after being bitten by a dog in staffordshire .
australian transport officials are to investigate the cause of a plane crash which killed four people in melbourne , authorities say .
the government has announced plans to build the hs2 high - speed rail line in south yorkshire .
google has revealed the top 10 searches of the year for information on how well you know your city .
sir andrew branson is returning to the albert hall for the first time in more than 40 years .
a british backpacker who died after falling from a train has been named by police as a british national .
republican front - runner marco rubio and republican front - runner ted cruz have clashed over immigration and immigration .
campaigners have called for a ban on smacking children in wales to be scrapped by the welsh government .
the scottish spca is investigating the death of a dead mamba which was found on a boat in aberdeen .
a statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes has been removed from the university of south africa 's university .
marcus rashford 's equaliser earned manchester united their first win of the season as they beat hull city .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the best recent months of the year .
russian president vladimir putin has proposed tougher restrictions on media ownership in the kremlin 's region .
a campaign to raise funds for a statue of two women who work in sheffield during world war two has been launched .
high - resistant prostate cancer drugs could help men with aggressive prostate cancer , according to researchers .
welsh actress angharad rees , best known for playing the role in poldark , has died at the age of 82 .
the supreme court has ordered a man to pay a fine for taking children on holiday during term time .
guernsey have won three gold medals at the island games in gotland , with the island 's first table tennis gold medal .
police in france have arrested three people suspected of being involved in the robbery of kim kardashian west .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares ended higher on wednesday , helped by gains in the previous session .
the conservative mp for west yorkshire has said he is ` ` extremely proud '' that he will not represent his constituency in a ` ` very good way '' .
when saracens director of rugby ian borthwick arrived in cardiff this week , he was the only one of the club 's top clubs .
harlequins ran in seven tries to secure a bonus - point win over montpellier in the european challenge cup semi - final .
manchester city have completed the signing of spanish midfielder carlos othearddi on a four - year contract .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets ended the day higher on wednesday , with the dow jones index closing at a record .
deaf people in northern ireland have made an appeal to find out if they are to vote in the general election .
a new project to promote edinburgh 's ` ` powerful women of edinburgh '' has been launched .
tributes have been paid to former bolton wanderers chairman phil gartside , who has died at the age of 30 .
hearts head coach craig levein says he has ` ` high hopes '' for head coach ian cathro .
artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- has been developed by researchers at oxford university .
the flight recorder from the egyptair plane that crashed last month has been recovered , egyptian investigators say .
swansea city head coach francesco guidolin says he is ` ` worried '' about his future at the liberty stadium .
a french tourist has been killed in an attack on a museum in the capital tunis , police say .
a united nations committee has called for the creation of a ` ` integrated education system '' in northern ireland .
league two side plymouth argyle have signed sunderland striker george nelson on loan until the end of the season .
the us federal reserve 's decision to keep interest rates on hold is a ` ` very important decision '' , the chair of the us central bank has said .
a project to reintroduce native crayfish from wales to the uk has been launched .
liverpool defender mamadou sakho has been cleared of taking a banned substance after failing a drugs test .
western sahara is one of the world 's most densely populated regions , a vast region of north - west africa .
west brom have appointed former reading and reading youth academy manager chris gray as their new director of football .
england defender michael carrick is set to miss euro 2016 after suffering an ankle injury in training on tuesday .
sussex batsman chris magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a groin injury .
alastair cook 's final century of the season ended in a draw against st kitts in antigua .
the final phase of the ` ` jungle '' camp in the french city of calais has been completed .
a scheme to cut rental levels in dumfries and galloway has been criticised by a council .
sussex have appointed former sussex seamer james anyon as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
a motorist who was killed in a collision with a car in hertfordshire has been jailed for two years .
the authorities in the bolivian capital , manaus , have announced a plan to fumigate the spread of locusts .
matty taylor scored twice as mk dons eased their relegation fears with victory at mk dons .
a health board has been ordered to pay # 150,000 to a charity which raised more than # 150,000 in donations .
a five - year - old boy from the eastern indian state of bihar is at work every day .
a new flag is being flown along belfast 's main roads as part of the centenary of the battle of the somme .
a man who helped secure a meeting with the leaders of the united nations summit is to be auctioned .
scrum - half dave dickinson says glasgow warriors need to win all of their remaining six nations matches .
snowdon race organisers have said they are ` ` delighted '' at the start of this year 's snowdon race .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 15-year - old girl was sexually assaulted in bristol .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in dalkeith .
two people have been taken to hospital after a two - vehicle crash in bangor , county down .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru wedi cael ei gafodd ei ddydd yn cael ei ddydd .
glasgow flyers have won the bbl play - off final for the first time since they beat manchester united .
a mascot of the mercian regiment has been awarded a knighthood in recognition of its mascot mascot .
a woman accused of sexually abusing a 15-year - old girl has told a court she wanted to stay with her partner .
` ` going digital '' is the world 's best - known human rights organisation , 's chief executive martin aggarwal says .
a scheme to enforce traffic restrictions on a city 's main street is to be reintroduction .
gerry duddy , the man who once dubbed ` ` the ira '' , has died aged 80 .
it 's one of the most talked - about stories in the world , but what did we know about ?
on the greek island of lesbos , one of the uk 's largest refugee camps , is home to thousands of migrants .
sheffield united manager paul heckingbottom says he is not considering considering whether yaadom 's future is resolved .
a man has been jailed for life for stabbing a man to death with a knife in his home .
durham batsman ben stokes has been recalled to the england squad for the one - day series against pakistan .
the supreme court has rejected a bid by a belfast bakery to overturn its refusal to make a gay cake .
tens of thousands of people have held a march in venice to protest against the city 's growing problem .
a child has been shot in the head at a school in liverpool , prompting a police investigation into a shooting .
when filipino beauty queen sinee seifert became the first woman to compete at this year 's miss universe , she decided to leave the country .
liverpool 's hopes of winning back - to - back premier league titles are at the top of the table .
a judge in the us city of cleveland has ordered the retrial of two black officers convicted of killing two black people .
scotland and scotland have reached the semi - finals of the world snooker championship in wuxi , china .
us president barack obama 's visit to the united states this week is the first of his four - day visit to washington .
gangnam style has become the most - watched video on youtube , after it was revealed that it was too much .
andy murray and marcelo melo reached the final of the monte carlo masters with a straight - set victory over croatia 's joie dodig .
the body of a man who went missing after the collapse of a building in swansea has been found .
us tv network univision has said it will not air the miss united pageant because of its coverage .
britain 's chris froome won stage 13 of the tour de france as he finished fifth on stage 13 .
in his budget speech on thursday , george osborne 's budget speech was the only part of the election campaign .
ivory coast 's government has banned whitening creams in africa , in an attempt to ban the use of whitening creams .
it 's one of the world 's biggest sporting upsets , so it 's time for the first time .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has announced his retirement from football at the end of the season .
england 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the world cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by france .
glamorgan 's batsmen continued their 100 % start to the season as they bowled gloucestershire out for 172 .
the welsh government has refused to publish its spending of more than # 500,000 in the first three months of the year .
a celebration is being held to mark the 150th anniversary of a scottish philosopher who has died at the age of 82 .
munster have appointed paul o'connell as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
a 15-year - old girl was sexually assaulted in a car park in hertfordshire , police have said .
hungary 's prime minister has said it will offer buses to migrants who escaped from a train station in central hungary .
jackie collins , the author of the great and best - selling novels of the rich , has died aged 83 .
tottenham defender christian bentaleb has signed a new four - year contract with the german club , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
an operating theatre at a north yorkshire hospital is being investigated by the hospital where some patients had waited longer than expected .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car crashed into a house in belfast .
league two side gillingham have signed former portsmouth and portsmouth defender richard hollands on a two - year deal .
the syrian government says it has committed to the country 's civil war after two suicide bomb attacks in the country .
kevin pietersen 's decision to retire from international cricket has been described as a ` ` joke '' .
south korea 's president park geun - hye has apologised for allowing cultish ceremonies to be held in the capital , seoul .
a man 's body has been found at a house in slough , police have said , after a body was found .
the women 's super league one season gets under way on monday , 1 february at the end of the season .
a turkish woman has been arrested in turkey for insulting president recep tayyip erdogan .
david cameron has said he is ` ` absolutely convinced '' that a new eu treaty is needed to solve the problem of the eurozone .
the decision on whether to prosecute the driver of a cyclist who died in a crash should be considered by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- , an mp has said .
us president donald trump 's former national security adviser james comey has said he is ` ` completely innocent '' .
the number of holidaymakers being scammed out of thousands of pounds has risen by more than 20 % in the last five years , figures show .
plans to build more than 100 homes in stoke - on - trent have been submitted to the city council .
factory activity in china has fallen for the second month in a row , according to a closely watched survey .
the government is to consider decriminalising non - payment of the bbc 's licence fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on friday , recovering from the previous session 's losses .
an inquiry into the glasgow bin lorry crash which killed six people is to be held next month .
the new breed of celebrity clubs is a new type of name - and it 's fair to say .
leicester city have signed french midfielder n'golo kante from french side paris st - germain .
hibernian have appointed alan stubbs as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower on tuesday after the latest batch of emails from the trump campaign .
an environmental permit has been revoked after a fire at a recycling site in manchester that was caused by a fire .
a former foster carer who was sacked for sexually abusing a boy has had his application rejected .
a council has apologised after hackers stole a council 's twitter feed from its twitter account .
the death of a baby girl in pakistan 's capital , islamabad , has sparked a debate on social media .
gary neville 's valencia side reached the final of the copa del rey for the first time since december with a 2 - 0 aggregate win over valencia .
west ham have signed west ham 's long - term contract with the premier league club until 2020 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the body of osama bin laden 's family has been cremated in the gulf of mexico , officials say .
a pensioner who lost her bike in a bid to buy a new bike has had her bike stolen .
boris johnson is one of the uk 's best - known politicians , but he has not been a prime minister .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
rail passengers will receive a refund of up to 70,000 euros -lrb- # 30,000 -rrb- in compensation from network rail .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the high court ruling that uk ministers can not block brexit .
tens of thousands of people have descended on leicester for the city 's annual festival of light celebrations .
a group of rnli crew members have ended their protest at the closure of the st abbs lifeboat station .
the head of the catholic church in ireland , cardinal sean d'arcy , has said he would consider his resignation .
plans for a flood protection scheme in dumfries and galloway have been submitted to the scottish government .
two people have been taken to hospital after a two - vehicle crash in gwynedd .
the government 's decision to scrap unqualified teachers in state schools has been defended by a union .
papers in china 's state media say they are ` ` not overawed '' in the trial of disgraced businessman bo xilai .
serena williams became the first woman to win a grand slam title with victory in the australian open final .
a university student accused of posting videos on youtube is suing the us federal aviation authority -lrb- faa -rrb- .
the uk is ` ` less reliant on renewable energy '' , according to a new report .
plans to centralise welsh - medium education at a powys school have been rejected by councillors .
dutch airline klm has announced two new flights to and from amsterdam to amsterdam and amsterdam to new destinations .
the education watchdog ofsted has called for greater action to tackle the problem of schools in england .
a council has rejected a claim that a girl from a minority family of ethnic -lrb- minority -rrb- is not born in a foster carer .
us supreme court justice gareth thomas has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to speaking at the high court .
hull city manager steve davies says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's lack of senior players .
a company director who ran a golf ball firm 's company has been jailed for seven years for manslaughter .
a four - year - old boy has been found dead at a house in south - west london .
world number one andy murray has withdrawn from the aegon championships because of a hip injury and has not ruled out of action .
yum brands , the owner of kfc and pizza group , has reported a net profit for the first three months of the year .
if you 're in touch with the weather , you 're likely to be hit by lightning .
a protest has been held in falmouth to protest against plans for student accommodation in the town .
` ` i ' m a young boy , '' says former swansea city and swansea city manager david cameron .
the price of crude oil has been cut for the first time in two years , according to opec .
hearts have signed nigeria international mohamed oshaniwa on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 ended the day higher , boosted by a jump in oil prices .
bbc one 's war and peace has become the first uk drama to be made by the bbc .
a ` ` bull - headed '' iguana has been found in a suffolk village .
a mother and her two - year - old daughter have been found dead at a house in bradford .
car insurance premiums -lrb- ipt -rrb- will rise by 10 % this year , the aa has announced .
tributes have been paid to a pioneering scientist who helped inspire the creation of radio astronomy in swansea .
johanna konta 's hopes of reaching the wimbledon quarter - finals are over after reaching the second round .
ukip 's deputy leader has accused the party of ` ` destroying '' the communities of drinking and smoking .
two explosions have hit a village in bulgaria 's north - eastern province , killing at least 11 people and injuring more .
ukraine 's government says it has agreed to suspend gas supplies to rebel - held areas in the east .
a mother has left a letter to her two - year - old son in a supermarket in york .
labour leader tony blair has said he is ` ` confident '' ed miliband will lead the party 's election campaign .
broadchurch 's creator has said he is ` ` delighted '' that the final series will not be shown in broadchurch .
us senator senator senator john mccain has arrived in syria with a special mission to fight rebels in syria .
plans to transform alexandra 's grade ii - listed theatre into a tourist attraction have been unveiled .
a man has admitted raping and sexually abusing two young girls in fife and abusing them .
john barclay is relishing glasgow warriors ' return to the pro12 as the club 's new captain .
scotland manager gordon strachan says his side 's 1 - 0 friendly win against nigeria was ` ` absolutely nothing '' .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo and sebastian vettel are in a battle to stay in the championship for the title .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how nigeria 's police force is looking for new recruits .
police in germany have launched an investigation after an elephant was released from its enclosure in a circus in southern germany .
the family of a british man stabbed to death in india say they are ` ` in shock '' .
three people have been charged in connection with the alleged theft of funds from children 's charity unicef .
a non - league football team has returned to its former home town of scarborough after a two - year absence .
the us and russia have called for air drops to be delivered to a besieged rebel - held town in syria .
a bid to raise more than # 6 m for the club 's main stand has been unveiled .
former wales captain gareth edwards has been named as the new captain of the british and irish lions at windsor castle .
a sports centre has been told it is ` ` hell - bent '' on the future of its leisure centre .
iain duncan smith is to step down as leader of the commons amid a row over cuts to disability benefits .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a boat in the north - eastern region of egypt .
nhs staff in the uk are being asked to use google 's search engine to check their data .
indian boxer bhansali is to direct a film about separatist rebels in the north - eastern state of tamil nadu .
a pregnant woman who lost her baby in a so - called ` ` draconian '' scandal has been ordered to carry out sterilisation surgery .
an mp has been reunited with her six - year - old daughter 's ` ` abandoned '' rabbit at westminster .
league one side gillingham have signed striker emmanuel - thomas on a two - year deal after he rejected a new contract with the league one club .
the uk 's meat watchdog has said it will no longer be able to cut organs from pigs ' heads .
carlisle united have signed defender brandon comley on loan from league two side afc wimbledon until the end of the season .
wales wing alex williams will be ` ` very lucky '' to return to full training , says former captain james james .
the mother of a girl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has spoken of her ` ` devastation '' .
the islamic state -lrb- gasht - e ershad -rrb- is one of the world 's most powerful police forces .
league two club leyton orient have extended the contract of midfielder james bentley until the end of the season .
two manchester united fans have been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle themselves away from a party at arsenal 's emirates stadium .
a man is in hospital after being stabbed in a fight at a bar in glasgow 's west end .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he will discuss the future of wales midfielder peter whittingham .
voters in denmark are going to the polls on thursday to decide on whether to form a government in the country .
the charity kids company has said it is ` ` disgraceful '' to allegations it sexually abused young people .
google is to launch a search - and - a - half - year project to improve medical medicine .
the population of northern ireland is set to rise by 2.5 % in the next year , according to official statistics .
us carmaker ford has reported better - than - expected results in the first quarter of the year .
a man in his 30s has died following a two - vehicle crash in county down .
clashes have broken out in the lebanese capital , beirut , after clashes between rival groups and islamists .
former bolton wanderers and england striker david holdsworth has been taken over by the club 's supporters .
a dual carriageway in powys has reopened after a two - vehicle crash involving two vehicles .
in the middle of the week , jeremy corbyn has been given a yellow banana at the party conference .
reading 's winless run continued with a goalless draw against fulham in the efl cup second round .
when muhammad ali died at the weekend , the bbc 's sports personality of the year reflects on the dangers of sport .
the us has imposed sanctions on the venezuelan vice - president of the country 's new vice - president .
two wind turbines have been installed in the uk 's largest offshore tidal energy project in the world .
north korea has said it is ` ` saddened '' by north korea 's claim that it has successfully tested nuclear weapons .
tottenham have completed the signing of spain forward roberto soldado from valencia for an undisclosed fee .s .
the final episode of bbc two 's new year 's day has been watched by more than 10 million viewers .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain has been issued for parts of northern ireland .
rochdale have signed former tranmere rovers and tranmere rovers left - back joe foster on a two - year deal .
joe leach and worcestershire all - rounder joe leach both hit centuries as they dominated leicestershire at new road .
if you want to be a sport or sport , you 're looking forward to making your move .
qpr manager ferdinand has been charged by the football association over comments he made during his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by tottenham .
tributes have been paid to the drummer of the specials who has died at the age of 82 .
the former head of a catholic school in east yorkshire has won compensation from the church over alleged sexual abuse .
anthony joshua says he is ` ` obsessed '' to fight wladimir klitschko in their heavyweight title defence against wladimir klitschko .
there 's a daily guide to the front pages of the belfast telegraph and the irish news letter .
a man who absconded from a mental health unit in sussex has been detained under the mental health act .
the un security council has said it will not impose sanctions on north korea over its recent rocket launch .
st mirren have signed striker david clarkson on a season - long loan from scottish premiership club dundee .
a man has been charged with abducting a 15-year - old girl in a street .
scotland 's largest energy firms have announced plans to create up to 1,000 jobs in scotland .
a woman who was refused entry for a night out in nottingham has said she was ` ` not good enough '' .
the uk 's child protection agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has taken over the running of an online abuse site .
german media firm ernst springer is to buy the company 's business insider , which owns the company .
the number of centenarians living in the uk is set to rise by 2027 , according to official statistics .
the russian embassy in mongolia has launched an investigation after a rapper was beaten with a swastika .
the publisher of one of the world 's largest newspapers has announced plans to cut its editorial staff .
` ` it 's the greatest thing we 're going to be in the middle of this election campaign . ''
northern ireland 's first minister has said there is no solution to the stormont executive 's failure .
` ` if you 're going to get a holiday , '' says defence secretary michael fallon .
a vicar has been arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct after he was arrested in connection with a police investigation .
a new type - diabetic medicine could be able to control the nerve 's incoming incoming incoming function .
scotland striker david goodwillie has said he is not thinking about playing in international football after leaving blackburn .
pope francis has called for a ` ` strong sense of happiness '' in society to be ` ` terrorists '' .
a drug that reduces the risk of hiv has been identified by us researchers at the university of california .
blackburn have been charged with misconduct by the football association after striker akpan was sent off for violent conduct .
celtic manager ronny deila says he would be the ` ` biggest achievement '' of his career .
sony pictures has cancelled its planned release of the studio 's film the interview , which has been hacked by hackers .
this year 's scottish boat race gets under way in edinburgh , with thousands of students taking part in the event .
two men have gone on trial accused of raping and murdering a 15-year - old girl .
kieron cadogan scored a hat - trick as sutton thrashed north ferriby 5 - 1 .
kidderminster harriers have appointed john eustace as their new manager on a free transfer .
david cameron has rejected a call by german chancellor angela merkel to give eu concessions on free movement .
swansea city have appointed former swansea city striker alan curtis as the club 's assistant manager on loan .
thousands of swimmers are taking part in the annual christmas day swim in the uk , organisers have said .
patients are being urged to avoid a ` ` black alert '' due to a shortage of hospital services .
the scottish independence party is ` ` in a death spiral '' , coburn has told the bbc .
the financial regulator and prudential regulation authority -lrb- prudential -rrb- have launched investigations into former directors of hbos .
great britain 's jodie whitlock won gold in the quadruple sculls at the european championships .
google is dropping a 30-second 30-second 30-second adverts on its platform .
bbc one 's mrs merton show has been named best soap at the red carpet awards in london .
australian police are investigating the theft of a baby marmoset from a zoo in sydney , australia .
benik afobe is set to play for the democratic republic of congo in the 2017 africa cup of nations .
bradford bulls are in talks with the rugby football league 's governing body over the future of the club .
derek mcinnes has come up ` ` trumps again '' for aberdeen , according to the club 's director of football craig thompson .
jonas gutierrez says he is ` ` proud '' to be back in the premier league after being diagnosed with cancer .
a judge in the us state of colorado has ordered the media to stop a man accused of shooting dead at a colorado cinema .
a main road in somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to a waterlog .
plans to redevelop swansea 's civic centre and central library have been submitted to the council .
dawid malan 's unbeaten century helped glamorgan beat middlesex in the one - day cup at lord 's .
canadian police say they have arrested 10 people suspected of being involved in the fight against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in coleraine .
the bbc 's geeta pandey in delhi has been accused of ` ` mishandling '' india 's record - breaking stunt .
oldham 's league one game against oldham has been abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch at the weekend .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound has risen for the first time since the brexit vote .
a military court martial has sentenced 15 soldiers to 60 days in jail for disobeying a ` ` disturbance '' during a training exercise .
a man 's body has been found in a birmingham street , police have said , after a man was found .
a conservative mp has been told to stand down as the party 's candidate in the general election .
oil giant bg has reported a fall in profits as it continues to struggle with the lower oil prices .
us writer david silberman has won this year 's samuel johnson prize for his work on autism .
a woman has told the trial of killer robert howard , who was sexually assaulted and murdered by her friend .
the department of justice -lrb- doj -rrb- has paid out compensation to 10 former schoolgirls who were involved in a loyalist protest .
` ` life is water , '' says mosul - based mosul farmer mosul , who has been living in the north - western state .
a fire has broken out at a wood recycling plant in neath port talbot which has affected thousands of pounds of waste .
conor henderson has signed a new one - year contract with league two side crawley town , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
the government is to introduce a new tax on employers in england and wales , the chancellor has announced .
chinese president xi jinping has arrived in hong kong for a three - day visit to the city .
the woodland trust is calling for more homes to be built in the uk to protect rare species of trees .
australian police have arrested two men suspected of planning to behead members of the so - called islamic state .
huddersfield 's hopes of automatic promotion from the championship were dented as they were beaten by brighton .
a woman has been jailed for life for murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in her home .
tottenham 's harry arter has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association for elbowing harry arter .
world number one novak djokovic suffered a shock defeat in the men 's doubles at the olympics .
alex baptiste scored the only goal of the game as preston north end ended a run of three straight defeats .
scientists say they have ` ` a better understanding '' of the behaviour of some of the world 's largest mammals .
the global economy needs ` ` major changes '' to the way it is measured by climate change , a report says .
welsh secretary stephen crabb has said he is ` ` in absolute agreement '' to keep wales at the top of the uk .
a seven - year - old boy in new zealand has won the $ 1 m -lrb- # 1 m -rrb- bonus bond .
lydney harbour in the forest of dean is to be replaced with a new lease of life .
the amount of water stored in the top 2 km of the earth 's surface has been revealed .
the owners of an oil rig that ran aground on the isle of lewis have said they are in talks with the owners .
more than 30 police officers have been injured in clashes between police officers and a gang of youths in london .
there 's a lot of talk about the impact of stormont 's election on young people .
league one side alfreton town have signed defender danny mooney on loan until the end of the season .
great britain 's rowers have reached the semi - finals of the european rowing championships in lucerne .
the cost of free childcare in wales could rise to # 200 m a year , a think tank has claimed .
tributes have been paid to a ` ` treasured and much loved '' teenager who died in a crash in gwynedd .
the prime minister 's announcement that the government 's decision to spend # 9 m on ` ` free mailshot '' leaflets in the eu referendum has been described by critics as ` ` an old school '' .
johnny sexton and owen farrell will start for the first test against the maori all blacks in auckland on saturday .
more than 1,000 unlicensed residents in southampton are being let off by the council .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he wants to make changes to his team 's squad .
the governor of the us state of texas has passed a resolution to allow texas to use its own emoji emoji .
great britain 's andy murray beat argentina 's juan martin del potro to win the olympic men 's singles .
councillors in kent have been suspended for failing to pay up to # 1,000 for littering .
wales wing mike phillips has been suspended by the welsh rugby union following an alleged breach of disciplinary standards .
four british tourists have been sentenced to three years in jail for taking part in the earthquakes in malaysia .
a woman has told a court she was ` ` devastated '' by claims she was raped by her daughter .
` ` i ' ve never heard of football , '' says one of the world 's longest - serving prisoners .
a us photographer has been shot dead by suspected islamist militants in bangladesh , the united states has said .
a new study has found that chronic pain is a common cause of disability and mental health problems in scotland .
worcestershire batsman tom shantry has signed a new three - year contract with the division two club . .
the idea of a new medical equipment that can be used to look for patients has been described as a ` ` joke '' .
buy - to - let landlords will have to pay more than # 200,000 to buy - to - let landlords , the chancellor has announced .
the historical institutional abuse inquiry -lrb- remit -rrb- is to be widened by two groups in northern ireland .
arsenal ladies defender alex hartley has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
barcelona 's lionel messi is the world 's most valuable player , according to a new study .
syria 's opposition leaders have held a rare meeting in the capital , damascus , to mark the first anniversary of the uprising .
the peruvian army says it has rescued two soldiers from the shining path militant group in the north of the country .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged with raping a 16-year - old girl in a park .
a french woman who took her own life on a train tracks has been described as ` ` an extremely dangerous '' .
a health watchdog has defended a report into a hospital rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
china 's president xi jinping has said china will not ` ` close its doors to the outside world '' to the global economy .
ireland all - rounder holly shillington has signed a new contract with the women 's world twenty20 .
american sprinter andrew mitchell - blake has become the first british athlete to qualify for the 200 m at the world championships .
sunderland 's adam johnson will not be available for the rest of the season , the club have confirmed .
a woman jailed for taking more than # 100,000 from dumfries and galloway has been ordered to pay # 100,000 in compensation .
an independent review is to be carried out into the death of a baby who choked on a grape .
burnley midfielder michael keane has been called up to the england squad for the world cup qualifiers against slovenia and slovenia .
a court in azerbaijan has sentenced the country 's former human rights chief , leyla yunus , to seven years in jail .
manchester city and chelsea have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players during the 2 - 1 win over chelsea .
former england football star danny simpson is set to testify at a court in las vegas in a bid to end his life in prison .
militants in north - eastern nigeria say they have killed at least 20 people in two separate attacks .
labour leader ed miliband has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to building a memorial stone in downing street .
a photograph of ` ` ufos '' has been captured by a group of people on social media .
britain 's geraint boasson hagen won stage seven of the tour de france as team sky maintained their overall lead .
tottenham striker harry kane is ` ` struggling to see a weaknesses '' in his side 's game against tottenham , says boss danny murphy .
an investigation is under way into the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car while cycling .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` completely aware '' of his players ' ` ` crucial errors '' .
for the first time , pharmacists in the uk are being encouraged to take on the nhs .
norwich city manager alex neil says his side deserved to beat fellow strugglers norwich city in the championship .
liverpool moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with a comfortable victory over burton .
a new cctv system in three denbighshire towns is set to be put into special measures .
cardiff city are ` ` highly insolvent '' , according to the club 's accounts .
a giant panda at a zoo in hong kong has become the first giant panda to be born in china .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pensioner was stabbed to death in cardiff .
cambridge moved to within a point of the league two play - off places with a goalless draw at cambridge .
a us university has filed a legal case against apple over its use of microchip technology in the us .
barcelona midfielder gerard pique says he is ` ` not in the best moment '' after his side 's champions league exit against barcelona .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stolen car was stolen from a farm .
the funeral of leeds rhinos president harry jepson has been held at the club 's ground .
guy martin will compete at this year 's ulster grand prix in dundrod after suffering a serious injury .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans to sell 13 military sites to developers .
aston villa have signed former west ham and england midfielder carlton cole on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
swindon town 's ben davies has been left out of the squad for saturday 's league one game against chesterfield .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny is expected to announce his new government later this month .
us president - elect donald trump has named south carolina governor nikki haley as the new secretary of state .
at least 33 people have been killed in a landslide in the spanish city of salgar , local officials say .
world number one angelique kerber is through to the second round of the aegon classic in eastbourne .
former taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- bertie ahern has said there is still a ` ` divided society '' .
a banksy mural painted on the side of a high street is to go on display in london .
ireland 's foreign policy committee has raised concerns about the irish - american film the quiet man .
us - based al - shabab militants have been killed in an air strike in somalia , the pentagon says .
uefa 's decision to co - host the 2020 european championship is a ` ` crazy idea '' , says european football chief paul pohorecki .
singer - songwriter joe hart is to release a new album in the us , after announcing he would ` ` run '' .
archaeologists believe they have uncovered a ` ` well - known '' prehistoric settlement at stonehenge .
the number of people with type 2 diabetes in wales has reached a record level , according to a charity .
a man has written an open letter to the national trust -lrb- npcc -rrb- asking for a copy of a photograph of his wife .
legal services firm axiotherty is creating 100 new jobs in belfast , it has been announced .
sam baldock 's second - half goal earned brighton a narrow victory over wolves in the championship .
london welsh 's european challenge cup quarter - final against london welsh has been postponed because of the uncertainty over their future .
zinedine zinedine zidane has been banned from all football - related activity in spain .
more than 50,000 people have been recruited to study the importance of genetic and lifestyles in scotland .
four men have been arrested in london as part of a counter - terrorism investigation into radical cleric anjem choudary .
a ban on letting agents in wales could be introduced by the welsh government , an am has said .
ben parkinson has become the first briton to be nominated for an olympic gold medal , his family have said .
labour 's andy murray has won the scottish general election , beating the snp 's majority .
the owners of a rare species of exotic exotic cat in ceredigion are being urged to keep their animals in the wild .
bombardier has unveiled a new type of aircraft wing which it says will be the first of its kind in northern ireland .
the head of a major technology company has said he is ` ` very surprised '' that wales has no access to superfast broadband .
a dog named as the ` ` voice - enrolment '' is to appear in a new advertising campaign .
extra overtime payments for police officers and staff in england and wales are being considered by the home office .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on the embassy in the afghan capital kabul .
wakefield trinity wildcats prop brett garbutt has been given a two - match ban by the rugby football league .
jessica ennis - hill is one of the greatest athletes in british sport 's history - and it 's been a great story .
eastenders have confirmed that they will make their way for a new home in the east end of the year .
a man who died after being restrained by police was unlawfully restrained by officers , an inquest has found .
wales striker alun wyn jones is set to miss the rest of the season with a groin injury .
the crossrail project has reached the final stages of the project to build a high - speed train .
a second member of staff on board train services between london and london has been refused a guarantee by a union .
danny chilton says he was ` ` destined to be a world champion '' after winning the us grand prix .
the boss of one of the uk 's largest tyre supplier , halin , is to benefit from a # 28 m deal .
wigan warriors head coach tony smith says he will take confidence from his side after they beat warrington in the super league final .
it 's not long ago that the new york high court is the world 's most expensive football tournament .
a 75-year - old woman who completed the london marathon has said she will never forget it .
a new helmet designed to protect australian batsman phillip hughes has been unveiled by the company that provided the product to protect him .
china is hoping to find a shipwreck in africa that once belonged to the master of the ming dynasty .
a gp accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year - old boy has told a court he was ` ` concerned '' about his health .
scientists say they have found evidence that a slowdown in global warming may be caused by a slowdown .
the world 's food infrastructure is at risk because of climate change , according to a new report .
the greek government has rejected a request by the british museum to return two of the elgin marbles .
cardiff city chairman mehmet dalman says chairman russell slade knows the pressure on manager russell slade .
a plaid cymru councillor has lost an appeal against his suspension from public office after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
cyprus has rejected a bailout from the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
sam smith 's return to rugby league for the second time in a row has been described as ` ` a success '' .
the white house has filed a legal case against the trump administration over its use of private records at the resort .
manchester united 's bastian schweinsteiger has been named in the squad for the europa league .
canada post has announced plans to cut the cost of postal deliveries by $ 1.8 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 bn -rrb- .
france 's far - right presidential candidate , emmanuel macron , has agreed to join forces with the far - right candidate in the first round of the election .
australia 's foreign minister malcolm turnbull has urged the government to close offshore migrant camps in the pacific .
the first minister has urged people in wales to ` ` get togetherness and unity '' in the new year .
the scottish government has delayed the publication of the scottish parliament 's fiscal framework , it has been confirmed .
plans to build a new power station on the river thames have been given the go - ahead .
factory activity in china 's manufacturing sector slowed in july , according to a closely watched survey of purchasing managers .
a court in india 's gujarat state has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for involvement in the 2002 mumbai riots .
a flypast has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the uk 's only airworthy squadron .
edinburgh zoo has confirmed that one of its giant pandas , tian , could give birth at the end of the month .
a senior italian senator has been suspended for a day after he was accused of acting inappropriately towards a party leader .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
it 's the idea that we 're going to use a virtual reality -lrb- r&d -rrb- system .
shellfish farmingers have been warned not to gather their fish off the coast of argyll and bute .
china 's government has declared a state of emergency in the country 's capital , beijing , to tackle air pollution .
beyonce has topped forbes ' list of the highest - profile musicians in the us , beating taylor swift to the top .
the uk government has failed in its bid to stop selling arms to saudi arabia , the high court has ruled .
the bank of england has said it expects a further reduction in interest rates to its lowest level since 2009 .
it 's been a year since a group of siblings in the us and their family were playing music .
conor macniallais 's second - half goal helped donegal beat fermanagh 2 - 13 to 0 - 9 in the ulster sfc semi - final .
israel 's parliament has voted to decriminalise the use of marijuana , the country 's government says .
telecoms firm talktalk has reported a fall in profits for the third quarter of the year , despite the cyber attack .
belgian rider franck petricola has died at this year 's isle of man road races .
three nurses who failed to monitor blood glucose levels at a south wales hospital have been jailed for neglecting patients .
the family of a british man and his wife have gone missing in the uk , police have said .
great britain 's judo team will host the european judo championships in walsall on saturday , 8 june .
china has unveiled two special buildings that will be home to thousands of people living in the capital , beijing .
a ` ` depraved '' man has been jailed for five years after pleading guilty to making indecent images of children .
juan mata 's first - half goal gave chelsea victory over sunderland in a thrilling encounter at stamford bridge .
six men have been charged over the hillsborough disaster , the high court has confirmed .   's former police chief david duckenfield .
graeme shinnie 's stoppage - time winner gave aberdeen victory over apollon limassol .
at least 30 people have been killed in a looting of shops in venezuela 's north - eastern state .
a former conservative peer has been found guilty of posting a ` ` boat jumper '' on facebook about gina miller .
us secretary of state kenneth bae , who was released from a labour camp in north korea , has been released .
tom wakely and tom keogh scored centuries to help leicestershire fight back against leicestershire at grace road .
in the middle of the morning , a group of russian diplomats gathered in istanbul to express their anger at president recep tayyip erdogan .
five people have been arrested in connection with a drugs trafficking operation in the west of england and wales .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has dominated the general election campaign .
ospreys ' hopes of reaching the european champions cup quarter - finals were dented by their defeat by exeter chiefs .
the killing of ex - russian spy alexander litvinenko was ` ` an outrage '' , an inquiry has heard .
ethiopian runner feyisa lilesa has become the first athlete to win the 2016 olympic games in rio .
phil mickelson is three shots off the lead at the open championship at royal troon after carding a five - under - par 66 .
two people have died after taking heroin in two separate incidents in the south wales valleys , police have said .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of modern slavery offences , police have said in a series of raids .
more than one in eight people in the uk are too likely to retire , according to the tuc .
a house was badly damaged when a lorry crashed into a house , the fire service has said .
an easyjet airline has apologised after an emergency landing in amsterdam was halted because of a suspected chemical smell .
a former celtic football coach has appeared in court charged with sexually abusing a young boy in belfast .
indian security forces have clashed with security forces in the north - western region of tral , reports say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who has been missing for more than a week .
a # 3.5 m grant has been awarded to the heritage lottery fund -lrb- imf -rrb- to help fund a planned tourist attraction .
jeremy corbyn has promised to ` ` re - election '' the government 's plans for transport in england .
the mother of an 11-year - old boy who has never been to school has won a high court battle with a council .
plans to demolish a community hospital in denbighshire have been put on hold by the council .
a 12-year - old boy in malaysia has been removed from the body of a living twin .
a man has been arrested after taking a ` ` highly potent '' form of the drug mdma .
northern ireland international paddy o'neill has left luton town by mutual consent after leaving the league two club .
charlie gard , the baby born with a rare genetic condition that causes him to die , is set to die at a london hospital .
st johnstone midfielder craig has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club until 2020 .
no further action is to be taken against an mp who was questioned by police over an independence campaign .
a lorry driver has been jailed for five years for causing the deaths of a mother and her two children .
guinea reached the quarter - finals of the under-20 africa cup of nations with a 2 - 0 win over england .
a powerful typhoon has hit china 's north - eastern province , forcing tens of thousands of people to leave their homes .
it 's been a year since the brit awards began in 1997 , and it 's all over .
a charity has said it is ` ` desperate '' to find suitable accommodation for prisoners who have been released from prison .
former england batsman paul downton has been named as the new director of the england cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- .
one direction have said they are ` ` delighted '' to stay with the band after one direction left the group .
the body of north korea 's leader kim jong - nam has been released by beijing , china 's foreign ministry says .
a man in his 30s has escaped from a house in north belfast after an aggravated burglary .
it 's been a year since the start of world war one , and it 's a huge mistake .
the government 's plan to force all schools to become academies has been criticised by a think tank .
the nhs in england has been told it will not publish its financial results until the end of the year .
a french aid worker who was kidnapped by houthi rebels in yemen last month has been released .
swansea and st davids have been shortlisted for the uk city of culture 2017 by the uk government .
more than 1,300 militants from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- have been killed in air strikes in iraq and syria .
sri lanka all - rounder rangana herath has become the first left - arm spinner to reach 300 in a test .
police are investigating the deaths of a mother and son who were found dead at a house in south - west london .
residents in gourock have been advised to stay indoors due to a suspected world war two bomb .
police in the western indian state of maharashtra say they are searching for the construction of a high - rise building .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on a dual carriageway .
when you use your touchscreen gadgets -lrb- mrsa -rrb- , they 're not a good idea .
two children are being tested for measles at a nursery in port talbot , the public health wales has said .
a ` ` significant improvement '' has been made at hmp bristol in the past six months .
aberdeen 's ryan donaldson has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club , with the option of a further year .
the leader of the russian - backed separatist opposition in the north - eastern region of abkhaz has been ousted from office .
a 20 mph speed limit on edinburgh 's roads has been approved by the city 's council .
saudi arabia 's plans to build two new luxury hotels on the red sea have been approved by the government .
newport county chairman gavin foxall says the club have ` ` enjoyed an uplift '' in their response to the sacking of manager graham westley .
victims of crime in england and wales have been given the chance to make a statement , the victims ' commissioner has said .
the chief justice of guernsey 's department is to step down after a vote of no confidence in the department .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have captured the syrian town of al - rai from al - rai .
a council has been ordered to pay # 20,000 to a former teacher who was convicted of sexually abusing colleagues .
in the wake of monday 's terror attacks in london , the bbc 's security correspondent looks at the possible closure of the service .
valtteri bottas 's future at williams is set to be decided by ferrari , bbc sport understands .
a british man who was handcuffed by police in manchester has been described as a ` ` cold , calculated terrorist '' .
a woman who embezzled more than # 600,000 from her employer has been ordered to repay # 600,000 .
falkirk manager peter houston says he is ` ` 100 % '' interested in signing teenage defender tony hooligan .
gatwick airport has promised to protect residents from increased costs of building a new runway at gatwick airport .
the grand jury in the us state of texas has decided not to indict police officer lee bland , who was arrested last month .
local authorities in england are being ` ` financially sustainable '' , a committee of mps has said .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 finals were dented by a lacklustre display from manager roy hodgson .
archaeologists have unearthed what they say is a ` ` significant step forward '' in understanding europe 's most devastating pandemic .
jutting , the man who murdered two people in hong kong , has been found guilty of murder .
the us says it is ready to take full control of libya 's government , the gna , to help fight the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
great britain 's olympic heptathlon champion chris grabarz missed out on a medal at the world indoor championships in doha .
a leading uk professor has called for the introduction of a catheter to reduce the risk of infection .
britain 's yafai won the ibf world super - flyweight title with a unanimous points victory in birmingham .
it 's one of india 's oldest and most famous steel companies , tata 's home in mumbai .
a man has been given a 12-month community order after driving a roller from a window in dumfries .
sri lanka 's government has set up a special court to investigate atrocities committed by the civil war .
the authorities in somalia 's puntland region say they have made an offer of a ransom for the release of pirates .
a blogger has been arrested on suspicion of ` ` harassment '' after an allegation of ` ` online harassment '' .
news corp , the world 's largest media group , has reported a net loss for the first quarter of the year .
chloe grace moretz has spoken about her ` ` body shaming '' , revealing that she 's ` ` too big '' .
a 12-year - old girl who was seriously injured when a football pitch was blown away by a crowd has undergone surgery .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani explores the plight of the rohingya muslim minority .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
india 's economy grew at its slowest pace since the financial crisis , according to the latest official figures .
wycombe 's hopes of reaching the league two play - offs suffered a setback after a goalless draw against blackpool .
a company which employs about 150 people in torfaen has entered liquidation , an am has said .
a man has been questioned by police in connection with the murder of british businessman james palmer , the bbc understands .
the uk 's trident nuclear weapons system should be scrapped , theresa may has said , as the party seeks to keep it .
the link between smoking and psychosis is increasing the risk of schizophrenia , according to a new study .
great britain 's adam peaty won gold in the 200 m breaststroke at the world swimming championships .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has praised the impact of scrum - half ben woodburn on the sidelines .
botswana is one of the world 's best - known nations , with its rich and varied wealth .
the mother of a man who was filmed apparently posting a video on facebook has said she is ` ` too strong '' to be scared of speaking out .
two bottle of whisky believed to have been stolen from a shipwreck could be added to the national trust .
on the outskirts of gaza , the gaza strip 's main road into the city is set to be built .
ukraine 's president has called for a ` ` rethink '' of the government 's handling of the debaltseve rebel movement .
a man who tried to persuade his wife to take a heroin overdose has been jailed for two years .
the nhs in england could save up to # 500 m a year a year , under government plans .
the english football league is to donate # 250,000 to the victims of the grenfell tower fire .
talks aimed at resolving a dispute between caledonian macbrayne and the rmt union have been suspended .
poland 's government has said it will take years to clear the damage caused by storms that hit the country 's oldest forest .
the royal shakespeare company 's stage show matilda is to go ahead after being stopped by an audience member .
the government in bangladesh has sacked a teacher who was forced to lie his ears during a religious classes .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fuel tanker crashed on the m4 in south wales .
organisers of an annual ultramarathon in hong kong have defended the course in the city .
marseille manager steve mccourt says he is ` ` very excited '' about the future of the club .
lloyds banking group has returned to full private ownership -lrb- ppi -rrb- .
manchester city striker sergiu has joined spanish side celta vigo on a season - long loan .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in south - east london .
the uk 's first satellite mapping mission to map the impact of earthquakes in the world has begun .
a cyclone that hit the pacific island of vanuatu has left at least six people without fresh drinking water .
in the run - up to the referendum on the identity of the far - right separatist party in ukraine 's politics , the bbc 's caucasus correspondent aleksandar kremlin has learned .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested two more people in connection with the london terror attacks in dublin .
leicester city striker wes morgan is set to miss the rest of the season because of a groin injury .
the uk 's human trafficking commissioner has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the growing problem of human trafficking .
at least 30 men have been arrested on suspicion of raping a woman in chad 's capital , brasilia .
lawyers representing former north wales police chief gareth anglesea are to seek permission to appeal against his convictions .
us manufacturer boeing has developed a high - powered laser beam that can be used in a training exercise .
the government 's call for more women to work in the intelligence services has been criticised by mps .
the bbc 100 women season is under way in london , where nour has been living in the city of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
disgraced cyclist lance armstrong is suing the us government for failing to pay back $ 10 m -lrb- # 6.6 m -rrb- in damages .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 ended the day higher after the bank raised its interest rates .
the aa has said it will review its pricing policy after it reported a rise in car insurance premium tax .
a bus lane in preston is to stay at least until the end of the month after it was introduced by councillors .
a woman in the australian state of adelaide has been named bear grylls after it was hit by a car .
sue townsend is to play the role of adrian mole on stage for the first time since her death .
police investigating dissident republican activity in northern ireland have said they are ` ` shocked '' by the discovery of weapons .
the pro12 's chief executive , peter dodson , has told the bbc that the future of the pro12 could be decided .
more than 70 pupils have been sent home from a school in derbyshire after being sent home by a school .
rock band u2 have played the joshua tree in front of a crowd of thousands of people in dublin .
wales ' hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the world rugby under-20 championship were ended as they were beaten by wales .
a former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a man who thought he was dead in a pub .
police in stockholm say they have arrested a swedish man suspected of being involved in an attack on a colleague .
the united arab emirates says it has charged two us warships in connection with an air strike in yemen .
lionel richie has announced he will perform at this year 's glastonbury festival in las vegas .
falkirk remain unbeaten in scottish league two after a goalless draw at home to queen of the south .
colombia 's javier rodriguez will retire from cycling at the end of the season after the 2016 vuelta a espana .
a motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a car in east london .
blackberry has unveiled its first high - end android operating system , which it says is ` ` not a milestone '' .
a scottish olympic gold medal - winning paralympian who had a tumour in his spine has said he thought he was ` ` going to die '' .
russian billionaire mikhail khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the uk , saying he is ` ` considering '' seeking asylum .
celtic manager jim duffy believes his side will be a ` ` monumental upset '' when they meet rangers in sunday 's scottish cup quarter - final .
a service to mark vj day 's 70th anniversary has been held at portsmouth 's war memorial .
great britain 's liam burnell was disqualified from the men 's 4x100 m kayak world cup final in rio .
london irish prop alex murray has been given a one - week ban after being sent off by the premiership club .
league one promotion chasers millwall were held to a goalless draw by walsall at the valley parade .
the number of children suffering from online abuse in england and wales has more than trebled in the past year .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said it is no longer pursuing a child sex offence .
russian athletes are ` ` sleep on the job '' , says world anti - doping agency chief ed warner .
pope francis has accused turkey of ` ` genocide '' in the 20th century , calling it ` ` the first genocide '' .
an anti - poverty drug that reduces the risk of infection is to be made available on the nhs in wales .
police in the republic of ireland have seized herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of # 1 m .
a mother and grandmother have been found guilty of wilful neglect after a teenager suffered a cardiac arrest .
the head of the church in wales has said he does not believe the new devolution settlement is a ` ` matter of time '' .
a decanter has been donated to a museum in the highlands to help trace the relatives of some of the original relatives .
commemorations have been held in northern ireland to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme in france .
animal welfare campaigner chris packham has been criticised by the bbc trust for failing to change its rules .
a girl with a rare form of muscular dystrophye disease has been given approval by the welsh government .
a new baby has been born at a wildlife refuge in australia , the first of its kind to be born .
when john lewis started its christmas advert , it 's time for the retail association -lrb- formerly known as john lewis -rrb- .
one of the uk 's rarest birds of prey has been added to the red list of protected birds .
the number of people living in scotland 's borders has risen by 23 % in the past year .
scarlets flanker james davies has apologised for his ` ` role model and actions '' during sunday 's pro12 match against toulon .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have released a video of what they say is a ` ` cultural tragedy '' in iraq .
two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery at a shop in londonderry , police have said .
sir bradley wiggins became the first briton to win a gold medal at the rio 2016 olympics .
the department for transport has been accused of failing to respond to ` ` basic errors '' by mps .
notts county director of cricket mick newell says the club 's relegation from division one is a ` ` shame '' .
kenya 's deputy president william ruto has been shot with a machete in his home , police say .
a two - week - old lion cub has been found in a cage at a wildlife reserve in saudi arabia .
israel 's former prime minister ehud olmert has been charged in connection with alleged corruption .
the trial of three men accused of murdering a man in aberdeen has heard the colour of his face was ` ` highly drunk '' .
carl frampton is set to fight leo santa cruz for the wba world featherweight title in new york .
a judge in ohio has ordered the trial of two students accused of raping a 16-year - old girl in the state of ohio .
plans to regenerate snowdonia 's mountains have been approved by the national park authority .
a man who carried out the manchester terror attack has said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
us media firm cbs and scripps have agreed a $ 14.6 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6.6 bn -rrb- deal to buy us tv channels .
three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the celtic v rangers v celtic v celtic match in aberdeen .
coronation street actress julie hesmondhalgh has been named as the new patron of broadchurch .
street parties have been held in edinburgh to mark the queen 's 90th birthday with a street party .
derry city earned their first win of the season as they beat derry city 2 - 0 at maginn park .
police have appealed for information after a man was approached by a group of youths in the pentland area .
a 24-year - old man has been charged in connection with the death of a man in dundee .
russia has conducted military exercises in the southern region of the region of northern ukraine , as part of a ceasefire deal .
ben stokes 's unbeaten century helped england beat india by seven runs in a one - day international in mumbai .
a councillor has been suspended after posting a ` ` racist '' tweet on his twitter account .
a campaign is under way to celebrate the life of a 600-year - old woman who died at gloucester cathedral .
mo farah has become the first british athlete to win a medal at the 2016 olympics in rio .
league two side southend united have signed southampton forward james mcqueen on a season - long loan deal for the rest of the season .
an american man has died after falling into a hot spring in the us national park of yellowstone national park .
us president barack obama has urged the united states to reject ` ` despair '' , as he visited dallas , texas .
modern - day descendants of modern - day european settlers who lived in the north - western region of spain are closer to modern - day survival .
cerberus , the republic of ireland 's largest investment fund , has been accused by the cerberus investment fund .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he is ` ` delighted '' at the club 's reputation as a manager .
ospreys maintained their 100 % record in the pro12 with a bonus - point win over ulster at kingspan stadium .
at least 20 people have been executed by troops in mali , the international human rights agency has said .
arsenal striker santi cazorla will miss the rest of the season after having surgery on a foot injury .
the chief executive of dumfries and galloway council is to leave the authority , it has been confirmed .
the us authorities have charged a man accused of shooting dead five people at an airport in florida last year .
martyn irvine will retire from cycling at the end of the season after failing to recover from injury .
scientists say they have found a new clue to the asteroid that crashed into the surface of chicxulub crater .
american golfer joe allenby has been rescued from a bar in hawaii after being robbed by a homeless woman .
students are being investigated for plagiarism in their courses , the body representing universities has said .
one of northern ireland 's oldest commercial buildings has been bought by a london property firm in belfast .
nigeria 's parliament has proposed a bill to ban the spread of ` ` abusive '' messages .
west ham chairman david sullivan and his partner david gold have confirmed they are in talks to buy the club .
former england batsman lewis is to tour the county championship to help young players avoid the ` ` pressure '' of being a top sportsman .
the uk 's economy grew at its fastest pace in two years in the second quarter of the year , official figures show .
david beckham 's speech is ` ` becoming posher '' , according to a new study .
norway 's government has turned down a plan to send a summit of the country 's highest mountain to finland .
brazilian football star neymar has appeared in court charged with tax evasion and tax evasion .
the head of northern ireland 's schools has said he is ` ` shocked and upset '' that teachers in northern ireland have not been offered on pay .
defender michael hogan , michael o'donnell and michael o'donnell have been released by national league club gateshead .
the welsh assembly 's presiding officer has said she is ` ` delighted '' that more people are not registered to vote .
pop star taylor swift has been forced to perform at the end of his four - week uk tour .
venezuela 's president nicolas isturiz has said he will not be defeated by a referendum on a recall referendum .
a team of scientists has discovered a complete picture of breast cancer that can lead to the growing risk of the disease .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jersey 's environment department has urged visitors to respect the ` ` wildlife laws '' of marine life .
the us has said it is ` ` not ready '' to co - operate with russia , as it prepares for its first foreign trip to germany .
sir william moore , the first minister of northern ireland , has said that he is ` ` worried '' about the impact of welfare cuts .
china is set to become the world 's first graduate graduate population , according to a new report .
new england batsman joe root says she is ` ` excited '' to be given the best out of the coach of the year .
thousands of students in south korea are to get a refund after the exam was cancelled for cheating .
a review of health and social care standards in scotland is to be carried out by the scottish government .
the government has announced plans to tighten immigration controls in england and wales , as part of its plans .
kia has been named as the world 's most popular car brands , according to a new survey .
former us secretary of state rex tillerson has said he will not seek a job at the state department .
britain 's andy murray beat milos raonic in straight sets to win the wimbledon men 's club final .
scientists have sequenced the first batch of samples from a tree in the uk to help tackle the spread of a deadly fungus .
the government 's brexit legal challenge is taking place in the house of lords this week .
the parents of two british backpackers who were rescued after a boat sank off the coast of indonesia have said they are ` ` lucky '' to be home .
the mother of a boy who was removed from an easyjet flight has criticised the airline overbooking .
an investigation into a cancer hospital trust in manchester is to be investigated by the health regulator monitor , the bbc understands .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has become the country 's most influential politician .
ricardo santos scored a hat - trick as barnet came from behind to beat leyton orient 3 - 1 .
nottingham forest manager gary brazil says he is ` ` very focused '' on getting a new manager .
the us federal reserve has confirmed that some of the world 's biggest banks have passed the federal reserve 's latest financial tests .
bournemouth goalkeeper joe federici has signed a new two - year contract with the premier league club .
the scottish government 's decision to award a grant to the organisers of the t in the park festival was ` ` unlawful '' , an audit scotland has said .
former lib dem minister david laws has said he is ` ` extremely disappointed '' at the ` ` devastating '' election defeat .
an offshore oil rig that ran aground last month has been put on to the deck of a ship .
a german woman is suing bayer for failing to protect her contraceptive pill from increased risk of blood clots .
police in the us state of ohio have issued a warrant for a man accused of posting a picture of himself ` ` a thundercat '' .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- 's latest move to cut interest rates by 0.4 % -lrb- 0.4 % -rrb- , is a tale of ` ` alice in financial wonderland '' .
the deputy first minister has confirmed that william smith has died at the age of 82 , following a short illness .
it 's a long time for the rich and poor to spend more than $ 50 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 50 m -rrb- .
the family of a londonderry man who died in an accident in china have said they are ` ` devastated '' by his death .
the belfast giants will play a game against elite league champions the elite league in belfast in a pre - season friendly .
chelsea striker eden hazard is set to miss the rest of the season after having surgery on an ankle injury .
a student with leukaemia who has been diagnosed with leukaemia is seeking a stem cell donor .
the family of a couple found dead at their home were unlawfully killed , an inquest has heard .
inverness caledonian thistle manager john hughes has announced he will retire at the end of the season after two years in charge .
england and ireland have been drawn in the same group as the women 's world twenty20 in india .
uk sport 's governing body has criticised a review of its handling of complaints about physical and training .
former mp howard marks has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed . . . .   < q >
nottingham forest have signed greece international abdelhamid bouchalakis from olympiakos for an undisclosed fee .
a south african minister has resigned after he was charged with assaulting a woman at a johannesburg court .
rescue workers in colombia are searching for the victims of a landslide that has killed more than 100 people .
supermarket giant tesco has reported a pre - tax profit of # 1.7 bn for the year to # 3.7 bn .
the european space agency 's new multi - billion - pound space telescope has arrived in oxfordshire .
australia 's nick kyrgios beat american sam querrey in straight sets to reach the shanghai masters second round .
great britain 's jon lewis - francis will not compete in the 4x100 m relay at the world championships in february .
a body has been found on a beach in neath port talbot , police have said , following an extensive search .
scunthorpe united have signed bradford city striker scott flinders on a two - year contract . ''
british cycling 's chief executive has been speaking to the bbc about the challenges faced by the sport .
two primary schools in northern ireland have become the first in the uk to get a place in secondary schools .
two men have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his home .
alan stubbs is to leave hibernian to become head coach at the end of the season .
residents in ferguson have voted to become the first black community in the us to choose their new residents .
the number of road accidents on scotland 's new motorway has fallen , according to a new study .
six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found on a dual carriageway .
the family of a british man accused of possessing weapons in india have said they will not appeal against his case .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a train passenger was attacked by a train .
nigeria 's government has seen a dramatic fall in the price of oil , according to official figures .
the head of the australian catholic church has accused pope john paul ii of ` ` destroying our unity '' .
arsenal maintained their 100 % record in the premier league with an impressive victory over manchester city at emirates stadium .
a handgun has been found in a wheelie bin in north belfast that police believe is linked to a police investigation .
a team of scientists have warned that the increasing number of lake - covered glaciers in the himalayas could be at risk .
the makers of itv 's takeaway have apologised to customers who bought the game 's computer game .
a jury has been discharged from the trial of a woman accused of raping her boyfriend in a film .
west brom boss tony pulis says striker saido berahino was ` ` desperate '' to make his first start for west brom .
a texas police officer has been charged with the murder of a teenager who was shot dead by police .
swansea city head coach alan curtis says the club 's relegation from the premier league is ` ` not a foregone conclusion '' .
shrewsbury town have signed defender james caton on a one - year deal after he left league one rivals shrewsbury town .
a teenage boy has been attacked at a train station in glasgow after being attacked by two other men .
three firefighters who saved a man from a broken - down car have been praised for helping to save his life .
peterborough united manager graham westley says the club are ` ` falling short '' of the standards they are capable of reaching the league one play - offs .
a british soldier killed in an attack on a patrol in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of us student otto warmbier at his school in north korea .
the latest episode of the islamic holy month -lrb- we get you -rrb- is a popular tv prank .
great britain 's callum hawkins won the men 's 5,000 m at the glasgow marathon .
the mother of a baby who died in a flat in the ukrainian capital kiev has been named by police .
josh charnley says he is ready to play rugby union for a while playing rugby league for sale sharks .
sir bradley wiggins and mark cavendish have been named in the great britain team for this year 's tour of britain .
glamorgan have signed south african batsman colin ingram on a two - year contract for the t20 blast .
lewis hamilton says he is ` ` fighting a long - term fight '' to win the world championship this weekend .
the original version of thunderbirds is to be auctioned in a bid to raise awareness of dementia .
the international human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- has called for ` ` immediate investigation '' into the deaths of civilians in libya .
league two side bury have signed hull city midfielders steve rothwell and defender aaron maguire on free transfers .
a new team of experts is to be set up to oversee the work of estate agents in powys .
staff at eastbourne 's eastbourne hospital have said they are ` ` devastated '' by changes to services .
two world war two pilots who underwent the ` ` heroics '' of their gliders have been honoured by a museum .
a man has died after being hit by a train while trying to stop a train on the tracks .
the sunday times says it has ` ` insufficient evidence '' to support claims of a doctor who treated elite athletes .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has apologised after a scam email was sent to fans .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen believes his side have given themselves a chance to avoid relegation from the premiership .
south africa 's government has proposed a change in the law to strip christian holidays from all faiths .
a copy of a concert by the beatles has been sold at auction for # 4,000 .
leigh centurions secured their place in the super league play - offs with victory over leigh centurions .
antrim maintained their 100 % record in division one of the football league as they beat laois 2 - 13 to 0 - 13 in sunday 's final at croke park .
jake sheppard 's first - half goal earned dagenham & redbridge a 2 - 1 win at bromley .
a barge that crashed into a platform off the coast of norway has been towed away from the north sea .
japan 's state - owned company dentsu is being charged with manslaughter over the death of a woman .
four players from the ospreys have taken part in a series of raids to highlight their commitment to the community .
st ronan 's magherafelt school will contest the semi - finals of the all - ireland sfc semi - final after a 0 - 10 to 0 - 12 win .
jockey hayley turner says she is ` ` delighted '' to learn that her work harder for women .
jon stewart , the host of the daily show , has become the most popular us talk show ever .
in the second test against england , the final day of the final test was a remarkable achievement for the team .
a number of petrol bombs have been found in a street in glasgow city centre , police have said .
an audit of the uk 's biggest internet companies has found flaws in its computer system , the bbc has learned .
if you want to know what you 're going to know about the fate of a blind derek ?
the founder of the notorious silk road 2.0 online marketplace has been sentenced to life in prison .
hull city have confirmed they are in talks with the premier league club over a possible sale of the club .
the uk 's departure from the european union is ` ` not a priority '' , foreign secretary philip hammond has said .
a lorry driver has been jailed for trying to smuggle 20 illegal immigrants into the uk illegally .
the scottish league cup quarter - finals will take place on tuesday , 4 march , 5 march .
us president barack obama is expected to sign a new global climate agreement on thursday , the first step in his final term as us president .
more than 100 police officers have been freed from an afghan military base in helmand province , officials say .
former lib dem leader nick clegg has said he is ` ` not a non - party social democrat '' after he quit the house of commons .
a primary school in county antrim has been closed after a father and son were seriously injured in an incident .
welsh 800 m runner sally peake has set her sights on competing at the 2016 olympics in cardiff .
plans to merge two of two schools in east sussex have been put forward by the academy trust which runs them .
conor o'brien has been named in ireland 's squad for the six nations opener against italy in dublin .
ipswich town moved back into the championship play - off places with a comfortable victory over fellow strugglers wigan .
former scotland footballer robert snodgrass has appeared in court accused of driving a baby in glasgow .
ukip has called for a ` ` dedicated '' cabinet minister to support veterans who served in the uk 's armed forces .
two people have been killed in a hit - and - run crash in which two cyclists were killed .
french police have tightened security measures in the wake of the publication of charlie hebdo 's cartoon .
ferrari 's kimi raikkonen headed team - mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the chinese grand prix .
a man who died after being hit by a van in glasgow has been named by police as adrian lewis .
the death of a man who was shot in the head in rhondda cynon taff is being treated as murder .
pakistan 's tour of bangladesh has been postponed because of ` ` security concerns '' , says cricket australia president khan .
an eight - year - old boy has died after being involved in a collision with a car in the highlands .
at lido beach , the uk 's most popular tourist destination , the bbc 's andrew andrew andrew barclay describes the ` ` people '' .
a ban on the sale of cigarettes in wales has come into force in a bid to stop people smoking .
a woman was sexually assaulted by a group of men who broke into a restaurant in canterbury , police have said .
a police officer has been charged in connection with an investigation into alleged misuse of public office staff .
a senior civil servant is to be questioned by mps over the publication of the 2003 invasion of saddam hussein .
a soldier has been named as the mascot of a guard of the royal family 's christmas celebrations .
scotland 's economy is set to grow at its slowest in four years , according to a new report .
george clooney has been praised for his ` ` great icon '' visit to a care home .
three police officers have been cleared of misconduct by the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- .
` ` it 's a dream come true , '' says angelo fusco , the man who once dubbed the ` ` battle of belfast '' .
sports direct 's founder dave forsey has stepped down from the company 's board , the bbc understands .
great britain 's women 's hockey team lost 2 - 2 to north korea in the final of the women 's euro 2017 .
the national union of students -lrb- nus -rrb- is launching a campaign against tuition fees .
the uk 's largest hotel companies have been allowed to offer discounts and discounts to customers .
tributes have been paid to a man who led the search for the disappeared to find his father .
the uk 's biggest timber company , natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- , has been accused of being ` ` unlawful '' by the auditor general .
the world 's longest - running crackdown on drug trafficking has been described as a ` ` disaster '' .
a burst water main in bournemouth is set to remain closed after a water main burst in the city .
everton 's england defender john stones is set to leave manchester city at the end of the season .
the atp world tour finals in london this weekend will be a major overhaul of the sport 's fortunes .
there has been a fall in the number of nursery staff in england who fail to qualify for level 3 .
a drug that can lead to the risk of osteoporosis has been detected by scientists .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says he is ` ` a bit old '' as he prepares to make his scotland debut against slovenia .
a judge in the us state of kansas has refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples , despite a court ruling .
three new routes for durham tees valley airport have been announced by the county 's national airline .
plans to demolish jersey 's only airport terminal have been unveiled by the city 's heritage campaigners .
the scottish government has announced plans to re - introduct the amount of land in community ownership .
police scotland has said it is ` ` disturbed '' that more than 1,400 children were sexually abused in the past four years .
hartlepool united have appointed craig hignett as their new manager on a two - year contract .
it 's been a week since the start of the year , the government 's autumn statement on wednesday .
the us has expelled two senior officials from the united states after an alleged assault on a us diplomat .
more than 5,000 syrian refugees have been resettled in wales in the first half of this year .
italian police have seized more than $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- of assets seized by a mafia boss .
ghana coach avram grant has urged his players to ` ` respect the payers '' of the national team .
snow has caused major disruption in parts of northern ireland , with more than 1,000 people expected to be rescued .
england were knocked out of the women 's world twenty20 semi - finals by australia in chennai .
claudio bravo 's century helped pakistan beat pakistan by seven runs in the second day - night test in dubai .
a helicopter has been airlifted to hospital after a training exercise involving five people on a snowdonia mountain .
the us is preparing to train more than 15,000 us troops to fight the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria .
google has unveiled its first ` ` outland '' project to bring internet connectivity to the globe .
united airlines has said it will no longer be able to save the belfast - based flight from belfast to belfast .
the crew of pan am flight 103 were on board when they were hijacked by security forces in 1985 .
india 's supreme court has rejected an order by an italian marine accused of killing two indian fishermen in 2012 .
us governor jerry brown has vetoed a bill to end the so - called tampon tax .
bromley leapfrogged torquay into the national league play - off places with a draw at hayes lane .
brechin city leapfrogged queen 's park into second place in scottish league one .
wolves head coach paul bodvarsson says he is ` ` improving '' at molineux .
a hollywood make - up artist has paid tribute to his ` ` unbelievable talent '' after helping her make - up artist .
a council leader has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by his criticism of a council 's financial rules .
scientists are being urged to keep a glimpse of a shark which has been spotted off the coast of wales .
a woman has admitted the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a house in lincolnshire .
northern ireland have qualified for the euro 2016 semi - finals after reaching the semi - finals .
haiti 's president michel martelly has apologised for comments he made at a campaign rally .
a 16-year - old girl was attacked by a dog in a london prison , it has emerged .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has said he is confident a row over the proposed m4 relief road will go ahead .
a new type of body armour has been issued to british soldiers in afghanistan , despite criticism from the ministry of defence .
the uk 's population grew at a record level in 2013 , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said .
a council has apologised after a ` ` printing error '' led to ballot papers being sent out .
eu citizens living in the uk will not be allowed to stay in the country before brexit , the prime minister has said .
police are investigating an ` ` abusive '' comment posted on social media about manchester 's ryan flower .
a prominent indian muslim activist has been arrested in connection with a report that said he was ` ` cheating '' .
a man has been jailed for five years for trying to groom a child for grooming and grooming .
changes are being made to the way older people in care homes are treated as ` ` chemically coshed '' , the commissioner for wales has said .
lancashire opener jack leaning hit a half - centuries to help his side fight back against lancashire at old trafford .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges facing nigeria 's national team .
twenty - one patients have been evacuated from altnagelvin hospital in altnagelvin , county down .
at least 15 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the lebanese town of arsal , local media report .
wolves have been taken over by chinese owners fosun after the championship club agreed a deal to buy the club .
aston villa have signed aston villa midfielder jack grealish on loan until the end of the season .
a police investigation has been launched after two young boys were sexually abused at a children 's home .
a statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled in a shropshire shropshire shropshire town .
england women 's coach hope powell says the women 's world cup quarter - final against france is the ` ` pinnacle '' of their career .
a woman has been raped in the grounds of henley royal regatta , police have said , after the event was closed .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with easyjet shares in itv 's easyjet .
pakistan 's supreme court has lifted the death sentence of a muslim woman convicted of blasphemy .
the leader of australia 's left - wing party has proposed a plan to cut costs and cut costs .
rafa rafa says he felt ` ` very bad '' when he was arrested by immigration officials in london .
two sisters from birmingham have appeared in court charged with preparing for a terror attack in which two people were charged .
members of the rmt union have voted in favour of industrial action over changes to the role of conductors on southern trains .
the sun 's former editor kelvin mackenzie has apologised for comments he made about everton footballer ross barkley .
the women 's football in the united states has become the first in the world to be played at wembley .
when brazilian environmental activist jacob dedel walked through a forest in north - eastern brazil , he had no idea that he had to use oil .
three teenagers arrested in istanbul on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released without charge , police have said .
the amount of waste thrown away from a council 's annual income has fallen , according to the latest figures .
manchester city will play barcelona in the champions league group stage at the expense of barcelona in group c .
a mexican restaurant owner has said he is ` ` shocked '' to find the owner of a restaurant in the western state of puerto rico .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for snow in parts of scotland .
the public prosecution service -lrb- pps -rrb- has said it will not appeal against the decision to bring back two brothers from northern ireland to the high court .
wigan warriors prop ben flower has been given a one - game ban for punching st helens ' lance hohaia .
wikipedia has set up a new site in russia , which has been criticised by the kremlin .
police have issued a warning to women who are being tricked into performing sex acts online in northern ireland .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says his team have ` ` everything to play for '' as they beat hamilton academical .
the european court of human rights -lrb- eu -rrb- has rejected a request by lithuania 's former president - elect hashim pakas to appeal against his expenses .
japan 's parliament has voted to allow women to change their names after marriage , in an attempt to change the law .
us chipmaker qualcomm has announced plans to cut costs and cut costs as part of cost - cutting efforts .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle a reptile from the uk to the us .
a fire has broken out at an entertainment arena in south - east london , forcing people to leave .
an 18-year - old woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pedestrian was killed in a car park in belfast .
the head of queen 's university in belfast has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of funding cuts .
a former bbc presenter has apologised to the people behind a boaty mcboatface project .
lukas jutkiewicz 's equaliser extended huddersfield 's unbeaten run to 13 games as they drew at birmingham city .
the un human rights agency has called for ` ` immediate action '' against security forces in the venezuelan capital , manaus .
swedish economist joe hart and his former co - creator hans - joachim have won the 2015 nobel prize .
the workers party has said it will meet with the bbc to discuss its election programme , after it was revealed that it had been allocated more time .
a ` ` pin '' sign that appeared on a dual carriageway in berkshire has been identified .
outdoor learning in england could be a ` ` strategic policy - research hub '' , according to a report .
researchers are to launch an investigation into claims of so - called ` ` mythical '' fossilised yetis .
thieves have broken into an industrial estate in birmingham , forcing businesses to leave their homes and businesses without access .
england women 's six nations - winning women have been ruled out of the women 's super league with a knee injury .
juventus moved level on points with serie a leaders juventus thanks to goals from jodie pjaca and dani alves .
the number of new council homes sold in scotland has fallen by 5 % , according to new figures .
scottish rugby chief executive alan solomons says the pro12 will be ` ` brutal '' for the new pro12 season .
people in italy and italy are more likely to drink cups of coffee , according to a new study .
a department store in glasgow has been closed after it was severely damaged by waterlogged during storm desmond .
somerset 's division one match against lancashire was abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch at old trafford .
a bus has been badly damaged in a fire which broke out in the early hours of the morning .
a former raf pilot has been jailed for five years after a ` ` catastrophic '' potato spillage in afghanistan .
a 73-year - old woman has admitted biting a postman on the leg of her pet dog .
a former archbishop of canterbury has said he is ` ` amazed '' that the church has changed its stance on assisted dying .
plans to demolish two fire stations in the west midlands have been approved by the city 's fire service .
a mother who stole more than # 20,000 from her mother 's bank account has been found guilty of theft .
kristoffer nordtveit 's brace helped northern ireland beat norway 3 - 0 in belfast .
plaid cymru 's leanne wood has become the first female leader of the welsh assembly .
china 's inflation rate rose by 0.5 % in june , the latest official figures show .
a design for the 2017 world para athletics championships in london has been handed out for the first time .
the un says it is ` ` very desperate '' to bring in a humanitarian aid package to yemen .
defending champion novak djokovic beat stan wawrinka in straight sets to win the french open .
the rate of sexually transmitted infections -lrb- sti -rrb- and gonorrhoea disease -lrb- stis -rrb- in england has risen , official figures show .
a court in northern france has sentenced a former health worker to life in prison for killing her children .
a hospital trust has apologised to the family of a woman who died after a routine surgery .
harry potter fans have been casting their names as black or non - white as a race .
flights from londonderry and londonderry have been cancelled because of bad weather conditions at the city airport .
national league side boreham wood have signed striker chris wood on a two - year contract after he left the club .
the british and irish lions held on to beat australia in a pulsating decider in sydney .
more than # 50 m is to be spent on renting homes in wales , the welsh government has announced .
when peter morgan was found dead at his home in the rhondda cynon taff castle , he was a millionaire .
at least 150 people have been killed after a church collapsed in the northern nigerian state of uyo .
a man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a supermarket in north lanarkshire .
middlesex batsman chris simpson has signed a new contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
the former police commissioner of the garda [ UNK ] -lrb- irish police -rrb- , stephen callinan , has been cleared of any wrongdoing .
a group of authors are opposing the boycott of pen 's charlie hebdo magazine , calling it ` ` shameful '' .
manager neil mccann was left frustrated by his dundee team 's 2 - 0 win over dee in the league cup quarter - final .
west ham have signed guinea international abdoul camara from derby county on a two - year contract .
national league side solihull moors have signed defender shaun edwards on a two - year deal from barwell .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland says his players were ` ` in the shop window '' when they lost half of the team .
india and india were separated from two separate countries in the early years of the partition of india , and india .
the scottish spca has launched an investigation after a cat was shot in the leg by its owner .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march against xenophobic violence in south africa .
a man who murdered his ex - girlfriend at a newport hotel has been jailed for four years .
an ancient chinese burial burial has been unearthed by archaeologists who believe they were the earliest known game ever played .
great britain 's katarina johnson - thompson broke her own world record to win the 800 m at the european championships .
west indies beat australia by seven runs to win the world twenty20 for the first time in eight years .
a motorcyclist who admitted causing the death of a cyclist has been jailed for six months .
german carmaker volkswagen has said it is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the scandal over its diesel emissions scandal .
a film - maker who developed her own ` ` perfect snow '' has been offered a job with the industry .
a photographer has described how bottlenose dolphins attacked aberdeen harbour porpoise as ` ` beautiful '' .
germany 's economy shrank by 0.1 % in november , official figures show , as the country 's recovery continues .
a man has gone on trial accused of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in rhyl .
newsweek magazine has unveiled its final front cover of the daily beast , marking the end of its first edition .
when coventry city moved to the ricoh arena to wembley on friday , the club 's owner says he is ` ` heartbroken '' .
universities are being offered a higher level of tuition fees by the government , the bbc has learned in a bid to raise tuition fees .
the uk is ` ` desperate '' to protect birds from illegal hunting , a wildlife expert has told the bbc .
the original recordings of the great - great grandchildren of the family of the late lord mayor of london have been restored .
the annual rate of uk house prices rose by 9.5 % in 2015 , according to the halifax .
a rare portrait of the queen of the monarch has been found in a county durham park by experts .
nottingham panthers head coach corey neilson says his team 's elite league play - off semi - final win against edinburgh capitals is the ` ` hardest thing '' .
four people have been arrested in the us city of baltimore in connection with the shooting of a man in the city .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police is to step down after the force criticised the handling of the child abuse scandal .
it 's one of the most talked - about managers in the english football league this season .
` ` it 's a week ago , '' says a newspaper columnist farai sevenzo .
four men have appeared in court accused of conspiring to smuggle drugs into northern ireland from spain .
a campaign has been launched to restore a grade ii listed building which was badly damaged in a crash .
comedian eddie izzard has become the first person to run 27 marathons in 27 days in 29 days .
the bbc 's m ilyas khan is a young syrian man who has recently recently recently travelled to turkey .
brazilian prosecutors are investigating allegations that former president luiz inacio lula da silva was involved in a corruption scandal .
prime minister david cameron has said the us has seen a ` ` curtain drawing back '' on libya 's military intervention in libya .
more than 60 people have been rescued from the roof of a village after flash flooding hit the east coast .
a man in the us has told the bbc he is ` ` little concerned '' about what he describes as a fake drug plot .
a pregnant woman has been rescued from the river taff in powys after being found in a field .
smoking is a problem that causes children 's health problems , according to new figures from public health england .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` absolutely right '' to reflect on the economic growth of the north - east .
russia 's national security agency -lrb- ti -rrb- has proposed a law to protect public access to the country 's private records .
scotland 's first minister has said a second independence referendum would be ` ` right '' for scotland .
taylor swift has won the grammys for the second year running , beating ed sheeran and ed sheeran .
league one side northampton town have confirmed they are looking to appoint graham wilder as manager of the club .
the saudi - led coalition against houthi rebels in yemen has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the war in the country .
it 's been a year since the start of the global climate change campaign , but the bbc 's climate change inquiry has heard that global warming has fallen .
a family 's desperate search for a new blue cup for a boy is to be rolled out .
iran 's supreme court has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling , including some of the women .
fe ddydd geraint thomas yng nghymru wedi cael ei garcharu am eu dymuniadau i gyrraedd .
tributes have been paid to a british photographer who died after a boat capsized on a boat in canada .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home .
former labour mp eric joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a london shop .
kent all - rounder sean dickson has signed a new contract with the county championship division two club .
malawi 's first female vice - president joyce banda has been elected as the country 's new president .
pope francis has granted a pardon to a spanish priest who was jailed for leaking documents to the vatican .
a private street in san francisco has been sold for more than # 70,000 -lrb- $ 70,000 -rrb- .
england hooker tom youngs says he is ` ` heartbroken '' after having surgery on his back injury .
northern ireland 's environment minister has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the decision to allow a company to drill into a beauty spot .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenage girl who was hit by a car .
castleford tigers have re - signed forwards tom bailey and tom dodds on two - year deals .
detectives investigating the disappearance of toddler ben needham have closed off a ` ` large number of theories '' about his disappearance .
the sister of a cyclist killed in a collision with a lorry in central london has appealed for witnesses to come forward .
a new treatment for epilepsy is to be trialled in edinburgh in a trial of the treatment .
islamic and christian schools in england have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted , the education watchdog has said .
more than # 12,000 has been raised for a runner who went missing during a triathlon event .
a pet shop has appealed for information after a man took a tortoise out of its tank .
russia 's most popular social media platform is trending on social media - and it 's not only a matter of days .
the mother of sarah bevan , who was pregnant and her baby daughter , has been described as a ` ` baby '' .
hull kr have signed hull kr prop curtis naughton on a two - year deal .
gillingham manager ady pennock says he is ` ` very happy '' with the club 's new signings .
elections in nigeria 's north - eastern state of rivers are being held on saturday , despite technical problems .
malala yousafzai , who has been living in pakistan for more than two years , has been talking about the impact of her life .
more than 1,000 people have been evacuated from parts of england as heavy rain continues to sweep across the country .
the snp has won a council by - election in ayrshire after a by - election .
corey whitely 's brace helped dagenham to a 1 - 0 win at eastleigh .
the story of a woman who died in the auschwitz concentration camp has been described as ` ` overwhelming '' .
nigeria 's ex - governor olori has pleaded guilty to money - laundering .
former super - middleweight champion gary mckenzie is to fight for the vacant wbc super - middleweight title .
david cameron has accused education secretary michael gove of ` ` raiding '' funding for free schools .
more than 150,000 illegal migrants are being removed from the uk 's immigration agency , the head of the uk border agency has said .
as the united states re - established diplomatic ties with cuba , it was a rare day for the first time .
the main entrance to the platform at bristol 's victoria station is to be temporarily open on 24 hours .
worcestershire all - rounder matt machan hit a career - best century to help his side fight back against sussex at hove .
edinburgh 's old town centre has been named as the city 's ` ` closed '' .
the appeal court of appeal has rejected a bid by the police ombudsman to obtain documents relating to paramilitary activity .
germany 's government has tightened border controls to cope with the influx of syrian refugees to europe 's states .
plans to turn gloucester 's former prison into a ` ` centre '' have been submitted to the city council .
residents in rhondda cynon taff are being asked to help tackle the spread of wildfires .
plans to redevelop an army base in telford have been submitted to the local council .
a ` ` deep sinkhole '' has opened at a house in north yorkshire , the british geological survey -lrb- bgs -rrb- has said .
dawn purvis is to step down as the new director of the marie stopes clinic in belfast .
french president francois hollande has said the eu needs to be ` ` simple , clear , clear and clear '' .
scientists have discovered a new type of radio implant that can be implanted into the body of a rabbit .
the mother of kayden parkinson 's five - year - old boy , who died after suffering a hole in his mother 's house in manchester , says her daughter .
scotland recorded their first win of the season with a hard - fought victory over georgia at murrayfield .
on wednesday , voters in wales will vote to decide on whether they will pay in council tax in 2017 - 18 .
the former chief executive of barnet council has resigned after failing to turn away from polling stations in the election .
northampton town defender marc richards says the club 's director of football , chris wilder , is a ` ` great fan '' .
doctors in the united arab emirates say they are treating a 14-year - old girl who has been on a special diet .
a series of shark attacks in the red sea off the coast of egypt have left one person dead .
police in the republic of ireland are investigating the murder of a dissident republican man in dublin .
a review of the system of council tax in scotland has found it is unfair to change and reform .
the head of the welsh government 's research into the growing problem of bovine tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- has said .
an investigation is to be carried out after an earthquake in lancashire killed one person and injured another in april .
police investigating the murders of two british tourists in thailand say they have completed their work with the uk .
a police force has been criticised for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who murdered his children .
a share of shares in a campaign to restore a grade ii - listed pier which was severely damaged by fire has gone on sale .
national league side dagenham & redbridge have signed defender luke mcginty on a two - year contract .
the nhs in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began in 1983 , a survey suggests .
firefighters have been tackling a fire at a house in suffolk , forcing the evacuation of the building .
swansea city winger nathan dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a groin injury .
burundi is one of africa 's most densely - populated countries , with its longest - reigning population .
a protest has been held in a bid to stop abuse at a children 's home in west yorkshire .
plans to remove consultant - led maternity services at a denbighshire hospital have been backed by doctors .
the european commission has said it will reconsider its actions against us companies over alleged tax avoidance .
eilish mccolgan 's latest appearance at birmingham 's echo arena was like a robot .
the sister of a teenage girl who was murdered in manchester more than 40 years ago has appealed for information .
more than half of scottish firms are planning to cancel their investment plans , according to a new survey .
waiting time for treatment for mental health patients in wales is to be halved by the end of this year .
five swans have been killed in an apparent hit - and - run incident in county fermanagh .
the prince of wales has told the royal marines they will face trials as ` ` as long as possible '' .
wales hooker ken owens says he will not be playing for the rest of the season after being criticised by the british and irish lions .
celtic manager ronny deila says he still believes the chance to go through to the champions league quarter - final against ajax .
jamie rowe 's first goal of the season helped doncaster end a run of three straight league defeats with victory over colchester .
the first banya , the first russian - speaking community in the uk to open its doors in london , has been described as ` ` the dream '' .
sale sharks moved level on points with premiership leaders wasps with a hard - fought victory at sale .
women 's super league one club arsenal ladies have signed former arsenal and arsenal forward kawola .
scientists say they have found a point mutation in a human - specific region in the early humans .
former home secretary david waddington has died at the age of 82 , his family has announced .
young people in england are being let down by the government 's flagship care system , say mps .
torquay united have signed gibraltar international patrick van aanholt from national league rivals torquay united for an undisclosed fee .
a five - year - old girl needed reconstructive surgery after being bitten by a dog in west yorkshire .
kell brook says he would be the best pound - for - pound boxer in the world if he beat gennady golovkin .
noble , the world 's biggest commodity - maker , has said it expects to see a net loss of $ 1.2 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.1 bn -rrb- .
shrewsbury boosted their league one play - off hopes with a comfortable victory over blackpool at the valley parade .
voters in france are going to the polls in the first round of the presidential election , with two candidates hoping to win the race .
this year 's great north run will become the first nation in the world to be held in 2016 .
fast food giant mcdonald 's has said it will cut the risk of running out of fries in japan .
belgium 's jordan noppert will take on compatriot patrick noppert in the semi - finals of the bdo world championships .
a mental health unit in bracknell forest is to be asked to listen to patients to their views .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower on friday , despite the government 's failure to agree on a deal with greece 's creditors .
northern ireland 's transport minister has rejected a motion calling for a review of car parking in belfast .
the rate of poverty in the us has fallen for the first time since records began in 1997 , according to a new report .
brighton have signed stoke city midfielder steve sidwell on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a pair of queen victoria 's clothes are to be auctioned for the first time in more than 100 years .
a two - year - old girl who went missing in pembrokeshire has been found safe and well .
carlisle united have signed midfielder mike jones on a two - year deal after he rejected a new deal with oldham athletic .
england 's hopes of reaching the final of the women 's world twenty20 were dented by australia 's batting collapse .
england winger stuart hall says his side must focus on the ` ` bad things '' after saturday 's defeat by australia .
more than 300,000 skiers have taken part in this year 's scottish ski season .
a new exhibition of portraits of some of the uk 's best - known politicians has opened in hull .
chinese officials say they have denied that china 's government has allowed trade in tiger skins to be confiscated .
organisers of this year 's european cycling championships in harelbeke have apologised to the organisers of the event .
former world champion robert kubica says he is ` ` lucky '' to return to formula 1 .
more than 30,000 undocumented immigrants have been arrested in the us in the past year .
portsmouth manager michael eisner is set to announce his intention to become portsmouth 's new manager .
leicester city striker jamie vardy is ` ` very close to scoring '' , says manager claudio ranieri .
five people who were injured when a rollercoaster crash at alton towers will return to the attraction next month .
aston villa captain remi garde is set to make a return to the premier league club this summer .
the constituency of batley and spen mp jo cox will be remembered as a ` ` politician '' , her family have said .
dog owners could be banned from playing sports pitches in wrexham , the council has said , after concerns were raised .
the new justice minister , alan shatter , has been at the centre of a controversy over his involvement in policing .
warwickshire batsman jonathan trott made his first county championship century of the season as they beat essex by seven runs .
a man 's body has been found in a stream in a lincolnshire village , police have said .
great britain 's 16-year - old luke hamilton has become the first young boxer to compete at the european championships .
a japanese woman accused of poisoning four men with cyanide by poisoning them with cyanide has said she will not be convicted .
scotland midfielder danny wilson has backed darren fletcher as captain of the national team at hampden on wednesday .
the us embassy in istanbul has issued an emergency travel warning for turkey , amid growing tension in the country .
championship side celta vigo have signed manchester united midfielder sergiu on loan until the end of the season .
plans to increase council tax in the city of liverpool are being considered by the city 's council .
bangladesh tightened their grip on the second test against england in chittagong with a three - wicket victory .
grimsby 's league two play - off hopes were ended with a 3 - 0 defeat by mansfield .
league one side oldham athletic have signed oxford united defender richard dunkley on a free transfer on a two - year deal .
a man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a chip shop in skegness .
fifa president gianni infantino has said he wants a 48-team world cup to be expanded .
a boxer jailed for assaulting his ex - girlfriend has had his jail sentence suspended .
a police force has been criticised for using a training centre for suspected criminals to be forced to leave .
comedian bill bailey has apologised after his tour bus was stolen from a theatre in liverpool .
kilmarnock defender craig samson has signed a new contract with the scottish premiership club , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
the government is ` ` on hold '' for a ` ` kick start '' of its autumn statement , the chancellor has said .
guiseley have signed mansfield town defender james hurst on loan until the end of the season . ''
police officers in england and wales are being investigated by the national crime agency -lrb- nbpa -rrb- .
campaign group defra has launched a legal challenge to the government 's plans to cull badgers .
salford red devils owner marwan koukash says he is ` ` working hard '' to keep the club 's super league status .
sinn [ UNK ] 's gerry frazer has rejected a call by the deputy first minister to cancel a planned march in dublin .
the british and irish lions have just been a week away from the start of their tour of new zealand .
jon stead scored twice as notts county came from behind to beat hartlepool in league two .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car .
the family of a man who was killed by a police officer in juneau have been reunited with their son .
former labour deputy leader norman lammy has said he wants to seek the party 's next leader .
fire crews have been tackling a major blaze at a dockyard in newport which has been burning since december .
united airlines has offered a reward of $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- for information on security flaws .
a convicted australian man has been found guilty of raping a woman in the australian city of melbourne .
two dead whale deaths off the coast of suffolk are thought to have been linked to two separate deaths .
world number one rory mcilroy says he is ` ` completely fine '' to play at this week 's open championship in wisconsin .
a study of pollution levels at heathrow airport has suggested the building of a third runway could increase pollution levels .
children who play with touchscreens are more likely to sleep less quickly , a study has suggested .
leicester tigers owner richard bates has signed a two - year contract with the pro - league club .
at least nine people have been rescued from the collapsed building of a building in the indian capital , delhi .
mae llywodraeth cynllun i adeiladu cynllun i gywodraeth na fydd yng nghymru .
ivanka trump 's daughter ivanka kushner has become the first daughter of president donald trump .
everton manager roberto martinez has said he is ` ` delighted '' to be the club 's manager .
scientists say they have made a ` ` substantial breakthrough '' in the melting of totten glacier .
if you 're in your dog , you 're having a dog or a dog , it 's pretty important that you 're doing it .
a man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a stranger in a south lanarkshire pub .
the unemployment rate in the uk remained at its lowest level since the brexit vote , official figures show .
a prison in gloucestershire has been criticised for failing to deal with the increasing number of assaults on inmates .
health boards in scotland have spent more than # 2.6 m on food and drink , figures show .
a man has died after a stage collapse at a concert in the canadian city of montreal , police say .
hbo has cancelled the second season of vinyl , the us tv network has announced , after it was cancelled .
it 's one of the world 's fastest - selling cars , land rover has announced that it is to replace its new model .
texas footballer johnny manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex - girlfriend .
kent opener sean dickson hit a career - best century to help his side fight back against leicestershire at canterbury .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said he is ` ` happy '' to work with jeremy corbyn during a debate on the party 's leadership .
the family of a scottish aid worker who was kidnapped by us forces in 2010 have said they were planning to kill her .
heineken 's takeover of the punch taverns has been approved by the competition watchdog .
borussia dortmund have signed borussia dortmund defender ousmane borussia dortmund for an undisclosed fee .
youtube has said it is ` ` impossible '' to keep its music videos off youtube , after it criticised it for paying low royalties .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a council to close a public swimming pool in derby .
saudi arabia 's richest man , prince alwaleed , has invested in twitter , in an investment in the company .
tributes have been paid to a 22-year - old motorcyclist who died in a crash in lancashire .
a pair of drugs could help treat cystic fibrosis , a us medical charity has said .
chinese authorities have suspended trading of the country 's richest person , zhou chenghua , after he went missing .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found at his home in essex .
dundee 's greg hemmings and greg hemmings are ` ` absolutely impossible '' for the club to replace them , says midfielder michael o'dea .
canadian former toronto mayor rob ford has died at the age of 82 , his family have said . .
neil andreu 's penalty earned raith rovers a point against dundee united in the scottish championship .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street .
police in india 's gujarat state say they have arrested seven men suspected of being involved in the slaughter of cows .
the israeli navy has searched a boat carrying humanitarian aid to the gaza strip , the military has said .
a man who claims he was sexually abused by a child has said he is ` ` shutdown '' .
the quality of antimalarial drugs in the world could be higher than previously thought , say researchers .
the shortlist for this year 's irish book of the year has been announced by the uk library of ireland .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it will take ` ` unilateral action '' over the stormont crisis .
` ` i would like to live in a hot bath , '' says a chinese community worker .
scotland on sunday has seen a fall in print sales in the first half of the year , according to official figures .
french distiller pernod ricard has reported a rise in demand for scotch whisky and other drinks .
the investigation into the death of a pensioner who was killed in a car crash has been opened .
the notebooks of dylan thomas 's diaries are to be kept in the uk for the first time .
new zealand 's traditional haka , the haka of the maori , has been performed in new zealand .
it 's been a year since the start of the uk 's exit from the european union .
mae dyfed powys wedi cael ei garcharu am ddydd yng nghaerdydd .
al - qaeda 's branch in the arabian peninsula -lrb- aqaeda -rrb- has been shut down in the us after a bomb blast in yemen .
stuart haigh has resigned as leeds united 's managing director after the club 's sale collapsed .
manchester city maintained their 100 % start to the premier league season with a deserved victory over manchester city .
welsh discus thrower andrew davies has set a new world record at the 2016 paralympic games in arizona .
west ham reached the europa league play - off round for the first time since 2012 with a 2 - 0 win over juventus .
a birmingham school has been accused of ` ` failing to show proper respect for women '' by ofsted .
spotlight has been voted the best film of 2015 at the golden globe awards in new york , usa .
twenty - eight puppies have been smuggled into wales from northern ireland to wales , the rspca has said .
barclays has sacked its chief executive , antony jenkins , after the board voted to change its strategy .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day 2.1 % lower after the company raised its profit forecast .
league one side charlton athletic have signed chelsea defender sam dasilva on loan until the end of the season .
a fox cub has been rescued by the scottish spca after becoming trapped in a car in the engine bay .
scotland 's justice minister keith matheson has said there is a ` ` robust investigation '' into the death of fife man andrew bayoh .
gambia 's president yahya jammeh has promised to ` ` wipe out '' 80 % of the workforce in the next five years .
inverness caledonian thistle 's hopes of reaching the premiership play - offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by st johnstone .
chelsea 's appeal against the football association 's decision to charge midfielder john obi mikel and his assistant john oli mikel has been rejected .
benedict cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of stuart : a life backwards drama .
former taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- albert reynolds has died at the age of 82 .
paris st - germain have agreed a deal to sign roma striker sergio marquinhos from roma .
italy 's lower house of parliament has approved a controversial bill that gives the country 's parliament the power to single parties .
a 15-year - old boy has been airlifted to hospital after falling into a cave in west yorkshire .
three britons have been rescued after a devastating earthquake in nepal that killed more than 1,000 people .
the mother of a baby girl whose bones were found in a bag at a nature reserve has been named .
brazilian police are investigating the rape of a teenage girl in rio de janeiro , interior minister michel temer has said .
a grade ii - listed church in sussex has been given a grant of almost [ UNK ] # 100,000 to repair its spire .
the family of an australian mining tycoon who founded the world 's oldest opal have said they will keep their ` ` extremely rare '' landscape .
it 's time to get a final say on the government 's plans to give mps the chance to vote on brexit .
an australian police officer has been sacked after a security check at sydney international airport was carried out by the foreign ministry .
an australian triathlete who was severely burned by a bushfire has completed a triathlon in hawaii .
claudio ranieri 's first season as leicester city manager has been described as a ` ` nightmare '' .
arsenal moved to within a point of the premier league title race as they beat watford at vicarage road .
a light aircraft has crashed in a field in stoke - on - trent , the bbc understands .
girlguiding uk has scrapped a new pledge to keep its guidelines on brownies and guides and guides .
two teenage boys have been arrested after a ` ` large fight '' in which knives were stolen from a mass brawl .
sheffield united 's league one play - off hopes were dented by a lacklustre display at chesterfield .
a cancer patient who was diagnosed with bowel cancer has raised more than # 30,000 for charity .
ocado , the uk 's largest online food wholesaler , has reported a rise in sales and profits .
an eight - year - old boy has died after being trapped between a wall and a wall at a restaurant in the us state of georgia .
manchester city manager jose mourinho said he could not bring a ` ` black and decker '' to his side 's 2 - 0 defeat by west ham .
` ` i ' ve been a saint , '' said mark carmarthenshire 's 300th anniversary .
campaigners are to seek a judicial review into the ` ` devastating '' impact of a housing development in oxford .
bottom side east fife were knocked out of the scottish league two play - off semi - final after a 2 - 2 draw with bottom side cove rangers .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` trying to find a compromise '' with the eu .
it 's glastonbury 's annual glastonbury festival , which gets under way .
more than 30 people have been rescued from a fire at a block of flats in swansea city centre .
when leanne wood started her job at a school in rhondda , she had no idea of a job model .
a temporary closure of a bridge in county durham is expected to be delayed for at least a month .
manchester city 's sergio aguero says the club 's fans are ` ` not doing enough '' to ` ` turn things around '' .
shauna coxsey has become the first british woman to win gold in the bouldering world championships .
a new technology centre has been set up in aberdeen as part of a # 1.5 m project to improve the skills of young mothers .
a dyfed - powys police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in gwynedd .
edinburgh airport has apologised to passengers who had to be delayed due to a computer fault .
the voice of kermit is to leave the muppets business at the end of the week .
chinese tech giant lenovo has unveiled its latest high - profile smartphone , the moto z , and its latest smartphones .
an mp has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the lack of people seeking help from the government 's flood prevention fund .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- would be ` ` cheaper and complicated '' with the impact of the brexit vote , the police commissioner has said .
school library staff in england are facing ` ` food or famine '' , a union has said .
richie ramsay 's hopes of becoming the first scottish golfer to win a grand slam are a huge achievement .
voters in nottinghamshire have voted to leave the european union , according to the country 's largest council .
a ukip mep has said he is ` ` not backing any '' candidate in the race to be the party 's next leader .
the us appeals court has rejected a bid by the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- to end its collection of data .
guinea 's government has reopened schools in the capital , brasilia , amid concerns about the spread of the ebola virus .
more than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for the government to rethink the rights of the chagos islands .
the head of the uk 's security forces has said the government is ` ` absolutely critical '' to the security situation in afghanistan .
a man has died after being injured in a hit - and - run crash in a west midlands village .
cracksman and cracksman are among the entries for this year 's derby at lingfield , which starts in june .
the trial of a new system that will allow teams to take part in a penalty shootout in the efl cup quarter - final has begun .
bournemouth have been fined # 35,000 by the football association for failing to ensure the details of their players ' conduct .
a look at the best film nominees for this year 's mtv movie awards , which took place in los angeles .
glasgow warriors have signed south african centre dave kebble on a two - year deal from glasgow warriors .
great britain 's katarina johnson - thompson won gold in the 4x400 m at the world indoor championships in doha .
an australian golfer has said he will not be allowed to play golf after a crocodile was spotted playing golf .
a man who dumped rubbish on a dual carriageway has been fined [ UNK ] # 4,000 .
the idea of a new parliament for english people in the united kingdom has been described as a ` ` constitutional amendment '' .
burton albion goalkeeper stephen bywater has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club .
three hospital emergency units have been temporarily closed to allow staff to return to the emergency care centre because of high demand .
the conflict in syria is a major problem for the country 's art , but it has also been claimed by a group of experts .
donald trump 's first visit to the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has been described as a ` ` tantalising moment '' .
northstone , one of northern ireland 's largest construction firms , has reported a pre - tax profit of # 1.6 m in 2012 .
a health service provider has been criticised for failing to improve the safety of its non - emergency services .
` ` i ' ve been painted black '' by the national crime agency -lrb- ncp -rrb- .
five british men arrested in india on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released on bail , the bbc understands .
sale sharks scrum - half tom easter has signed a new contract with the premiership club . .
the us has accused china of ` ` provocative '' its policy of deploying an oil rig in the south china sea .
hundreds of people have attended an event in cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the grenfell disaster .
first series of bbc two 's crime drama hinterland , mother mother sally jones has spoken about the impact of her life .
police in the republic of ireland are investigating the murder of a man who was shot in a bar in dublin .
one of the world 's most venomous creatures has been described as a ` ` very dark '' gesture .
families in northern ireland have spent more than # 100 a week on their incomes , according to a new report .
england were beaten by south africa in the first match of their women 's twenty20 series in johannesburg .
a two - year - old boxer who failed to box for team wales has been refused permission to return to professional boxing .
a south of scotland firm is to invest # 250,000 in a new factory in dumfries and galloway .
` ` it was n't the idea that technology is n't the answer . ''
bradford city moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over bradford city .
wayne rooney 's testimonial game against manchester united is to be streamed on social media .
napoli moved level on points with serie a leaders juventus after a goalless draw at home to napoli .
aston villa manager tim sherwood says he will not make excuses for the club 's poor start to the season .
the trial of a lebanese tv journalist accused of murdering former prime minister rafik hariri has begun .
a lorry has partially collapsed after a sinkhole opened up on a major road , causing a sinkhole to collapse .
plans to downgrade maternity services at a north wales hospital have been put forward by the health board .
two trainee monks are to become the first in wales to join a ` ` modern - day monastery '' .
a kennels in devon is being investigated over the way the animals were cared for by police .
a man has been fined after a car ploughed into pedestrians in a west sussex village following a crash .
an australian research ship that ran aground on the west coast is to be refloated , the australian government says .
comedian jason manford has become the first person to find a job at aldi in greater manchester .
a us judge has issued a warrant for the seizure of a woman 's fingerprint on iphone .
the makers of the channel 4 show benefits street have offered a new way to protect residents from harassment .
eoin morgan 's unbeaten century helped england beat australia by seven runs in a one - day international .
cole stockton 's second - half goal earned tranmere a 1 - 0 win over dover .
in our series of letters from african journalists , mannir dan ali and gej boko haram
a homeowner in carmarthenshire has said he is worried about the dangers of ` ` tube web spiders '' .
a hospital has apologised after a patient had a ` ` never event '' sooner than expected .
england defender gary cahill says his side 's 1 - 0 friendly defeat by spain was ` ` a special goal '' .
a borders knitwear firm has expanded its production of clothes for the first time in more than a century .
a woman who set up a fundraising campaign to raise money for disabled pensioner harvey barnes has been charged with attempted murder .
actress michelle terry is to take over as artistic director of shakespeare 's globe , it has been announced .
red bull 's sebastian vettel was disqualified from the malaysian grand prix as lewis hamilton 's red bull team collided with mark webber .
a californian company has apologised after a robot was deliberately run over by a self - driving robot .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a french man whose remains were found in a house .
ricky miller scored a hat - trick as dover came from behind to beat forest green in the national league .
a man who was stabbed to death in north london was a ` ` happy guy '' , police have said .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he does not know if hillary clinton wants to become us president .
former labour mp caroline wogan is to host this year 's festival of music festival in edinburgh .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of an 18-year - old man in dublin .
holders arsenal ladies will face manchester city in the quarter - finals of the women 's super league one .
london 2012 gold medallist danielle brown says she will not be able - bodied at the 2016 paralympic games .
labour leader jeremy corbyn is to set out plans to renationalise britain 's railways .
former prime minister david cameron has been taken to hospital after suffering a heart attack at the london book launch .
a computer - scale experiment has been set up to advise the public on whether to invest in the pharmaceutical industry .
the family of a boy with autism have appealed for help to find an ipad stolen from his home .
the government has announced plans to build a new prison in jamaica to house more than 1,000 prisoners .
world number one rory mcilroy missed out on a place in the final round of the dubai desert classic .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has accused the dup of ` ` playing fast and loose '' with its political institutions .
dundee manager neil mccann says he is ` ` delighted '' at the club 's recruitment plans .
it 's the 40th anniversary of eastenders ' lucy beale party - and it 's not all about to be complete .
a canadian military officer has apologised after a confrontation between two canadian soldiers at a ceremony in halifax .
a belfast - based rocket company has gone into liquidation with the loss of up to 10 jobs .
detectives investigating the murder of a man in belfast have said they are investigating the movements of the provisional ira .
joe esposito , the man known as elvis presley 's best friend , has died at the age of 82 .
more than half of scots have gone without food , according to a new survey by a think tank .
serena williams says she is ` ` for equality in the sport '' after being questioned by the media over equal pay .
in the middle of the night , the vast majority of muslims in the north - western state of las vegas are the only place in the world .
oscar - winning film director angel babenco has died at the oscars , his company has announced .
keith farmer continued his impressive start to the season with victory in sunday 's superbike round at knockhill .
south africa 's government has asked the government to help fight the slaughter of rhino horn elephants in northern mali .
the number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , a charity has said .
if you 're a small business owner , the small businesses in the uk are n't doing enough to protect them .
an inquiry into the proposed m4 relief road around newport has been told it could be ` ` unfair '' for the project .
the use of tablet computers in schools is increasing , according to a study by the university of cambridge .
two cigarettes have been found in a field in dorset after they were found in the back of a car .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found stabbed to death in doncaster .
when liverpool captain steven gerrard 's departure from the club was described as ` ` the perfect scenario '' .
the european space agency has launched a network of satellite - to - resistant earth observation satellites .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
great britain 's jone fischertakinou won olympic gold in the dressage event at rio 2016 .
at least 115 people have been killed in a mudslide in sri lanka , the army says .
at least 20 people have been injured after a pick - up truck crashed into crowds in new orleans .
league two side stevenage have signed former wolves and wolves defender richard davies on a two - year contract .
police in spain have arrested a man suspected of carrying out an armed robbery in the city of barcelona .
thames water will not be able to borrow money to build a ` ` super sewer '' tunnel , a leading economist has claimed .
northern ireland 's artists have been paying tribute to the late musician and singer - songwriter rory gallagher .
the head of yemen 's main shia houthi rebels has been released after a week of talks .
francois fillon , the centre - right presidential candidate in france , has won the first round of a rally in paris .
at no time should you ask you to send a radio show or website to bbc newcastle , you can send a complaints about the broadcaster .
north korea 's military has been accused of ` ` reckless provocation '' , state media report .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after two teenage boys were shot in a street .
a council has suspended a councillor after posting anti - semitic tweets about adolf hitler .
the government 's new rules on child benefit are to be scrapped in the coming weeks , say researchers .
the scottish government 's finance minister has said it is ` ` hopeful '' the deadline for payments to farmers and crofters will be extended .
former derbyshire batsman john wright has been named as the new head coach of the indian premier league side .
the head of the metropolitan police has said he is ` ` not prepared '' for the role of firearms officers .
manchester united 's final game of the season at old trafford was a fitting tribute to the club .
a teenager has been charged after heroin with an estimated street value of # 100,000 was recovered in county down .
funding for welsh universities is ` ` not enough '' to fund them , a leading academic has said .
the belfast - based ` ` boojum '' restaurant has been bought by a belfast - based company .
england women 's hopes of qualifying for the euro 2017 qualifiers have been boosted by a thigh injury .
a man who raised more than [ UNK ] # 1,000 for charity has been jailed for eight months .
sheffield wednesday have signed middlesbrough striker jordan rhodes for an undisclosed fee on a three - and - a - half - year deal .
` ` i ' ve been a kid , '' says joe chase , who has won # 200,000 for the first time .
hospitals in northern ireland are struggling to cope with the rising demand for a&e department -lrb- a&e -rrb- .
the organisers of the balmoral show have said they are ` ` frustrated '' that the road is not fit for purpose .
a woman who falsely claimed she was raped and sexually assaulted by a group of men has been jailed .
a survivor of the thalys train crash in brussels has spoken of the horror of the terror attack .
great britain 's david brewster will play at the braehead european curling championships in canada next month .
survivors of thalidomide 's drug scandal have called for the government to recognise its obligations on compensation .
at least 30 people are now known to have died after a boat capsized off the coast of libya .
leicester tigers have signed lock geoff parling and centre olly woodburn on two - year deals .
a man is in hospital with life - threatening injuries after a firework was dropped from a shop in north belfast .
singapore 's government has announced tough new rules on taxi booking services for taxi - hailing companies .
there 's a lot to worry about the future of the premier league 's top - flight teams .
keighley cougars and keighley cougars have been attacked by the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- following an altercation .
former rangers owner mike ashley has lost his legal bid to overturn a deal with the club 's owners .
a company has been fined # 30,000 after a worker was crushed by a telehandler machine .
manchester united 's recent record - breaking run in the premier league this season has been confirmed .
more than 200 homes in norfolk have been flooded after a waterlogged system and burst into flames .
us president - elect donald trump has said the us will not be ` ` an attack on each other '' .
two british traders have been charged in connection with the manipulation of libor , the us attorney general has said .
republican presidential candidate robert lewandowski has been charged with assaulting a reporter during a press conference .
i do n't know that i ' ve had a hug from ivan lendl to the coach .
a school has been badly damaged in a fire which broke out in the roof of a sports hall .
british and irish lions wing george north and wing george henshaw have been ruled out of the tour of new zealand .
for the first time in more than a decade , a private space company is planning to open its doors .
former aston villa chief executive tom fox has been named as the club 's new sports marketing officer .
the mother of a seven - year - old girl who has been missing for more than a week has appealed for help to find her daughter .
a # 2.75 m mri scanner has been installed at belfast 's children 's hospital .
abertay university in fife has been named as the uk 's first graduate graduate graduate students .
the bodies of two soldiers who died during world war one have been returned to their families in belgium .
the us independence day weekend has beaten expectations at the top of the north american box office in its first weekend .
great britain 's men lost 2 - 1 to australia in the opening match of the champions trophy in london .
a british adventurer is attempting to become the first person to swim across the atlantic without a kickboard .
the bodies of two japanese climbers who went missing on the matterhorn have been identified by police .
a scuba diver has been airlifted to hospital after being rescued from a shipwreck in argyll .
more than 100,000 families have missed out on the national insurance credit -lrb- ni credit -rrb- , according to the head of a think tank .
charlton manager guy luzon says he is concerned about his future at the club 's relegation from league one .
a rare tropical turtles that washed up on the coast of north - west england has died , the bbc understands .
hbo has confirmed that it is investigating claims that it has stolen game of thrones from the show .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a three - year - old cricketer has been named yorkshire 's sportsman of the year after being given the yorkshire awards .
france 's oldest women have been inducted into the pantheon of the country 's oldest mass graves .
a woman has admitted kidnapping a three - month - old baby boy in his home in shropshire .
the uk 's largest cash machine operator , link , has said it is ` ` working hard '' to find a deal to end a long - running dispute .
the owners of a flooded flood defence wall have said they will not be insured because they are not insured .
australian batsman phil hughes has died after being hit by a ball during a match in sydney , australia .
the operators of bbc radio station bay tv have said they are ` ` confident '' the station will stay open .
first minister carwyn jones is to present a one show special in cardiff to help her children live in the city .
thousands of schoolchildren in the eastern indian state of bihar are taking part in a nationwide exam .
it 's been a year since iran 's government imposed sanctions on senior officials , including some of the country 's top civil servants .
the us department of justice has announced new rules on mobile phone use in the us state of california .
singer - songwriter la njava has performed for the bbc 's africa beats programme .
` ` it was a dream come true , '' says vitoria kelton , one of brazil 's most famous street children .
the mayor of london boris johnson 's plans to allow eu migrants to stay in the capital have been unveiled by the city hall .
ukraine 's andriy yarmolenko scored twice as they beat slovenia in their 2018 world cup qualifier in maribor .
a truck bomb has exploded in the iraqi capital , baghdad , killing at least 14 people and injuring more than 50 .
cutting the amount of breast cancer cells in bone can be prevented from spreading to the bone , say scientists .
phil taylor 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the pdc world championship were ended by peter wright .
police officers in england and wales are being trained to tackle domestic abuse , the college of policing has said .
chipotle mexican grill has temporarily shut several stores in the us amid an outbreak of e. coli .
a man has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence after he admitted selling more than # 1,000 in cash .
tens of thousands of people are attending a memorial service in the baltic to remember those who fought against nazi germany .
us president ash carter has announced plans to send special forces to iraq to help fight islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
us president barack obama has signed a deal with the nigerian government to sell some of the world 's largest military aircraft .
the death of a 16-year - old boy in south lanarkshire is being treated as murder .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in greenock have said they are ` ` working hard '' to find out more about her life .
a nurse who admitted trying to kill her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of manslaughter .
an edinburgh - based company has developed a robotic amputee that can be fitted with a pair of amputees .
the uk 's inflation rate rose by 0.7 % in may , official figures have shown .
the 2022 world cup is set to be played in november and december , fifa has said , despite the decision by its organisers .
plans to build a glamping camp on warwick castle have been rejected by the council 's planning committee .
a man has been jailed for 12 months for smuggling herbal cannabis worth thousands of pounds into his home .
the number of little terns living on the east coast has fallen , the rspb has said .
students from queen 's university have taken part in a ` ` comprehensive review '' of their investment policy .
a statue of cricket legend dickie bird has been removed from the plinth in south yorkshire .
singer - songwriter phil collins has made ` ` remarkable progress '' in improving her recovery , her lawyer says .
police are investigating the disappearance of three prisoners who have been missing from a prison in gloucestershire . ''
two 15-year - old girls accused of plotting to kill a girl in the us state of wisconsin have appeared in court .
sheffield united have released striker rob baxter , who has been suspended by the league one club for failing a drugs test .
england captain dylan hartley has been given a six - match ban by the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- .
for the first time , sarah palin 's campaign for the republican presidential nomination has become the first woman in the united states .
the uk 's nuclear safety watchdog has warned of ` ` significant concerns '' over the safety of a uk naval base .
the cost of church of england weddings and funerals is to be increased by 50 % from next year .
it 's not often that you would think it would be a conspiracy to make a piece of art .
a convicted fraudster who posed as a prison officer to commit fraud has been jailed for four years .
first minister carwyn jones has rejected calls for the uk government to ratify any brexit deal .
junior doctors in england are to meet in a bid to resolve a long - running dispute over pay .
league one side afc wimbledon have re - signed former shrewsbury town and birmingham city striker tom barnett on a two - year contract .
it 's fair to say that disney 's artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- is n't doing it .
charlotte dujardin and charlotte brash are set to ride in the synchronised freestyle at this week 's olympia .
the number of uk households switching to standard variable tariffs has reached a record high , according to new figures .
the cambridge and duchess of cambridge are on the way to bhutan for a two - day tour of the country .
labour voters are ` ` fundamentally divided '' on the issue of immigration , labour leader tom mann has said .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition after being hit by a car in dundee .
a campaign to raise funds for cultural events in hull has raised more than # 20 m in funding .
former united states striker abby wambach has been charged with drink - driving by a court in portland .
welsh lib dem leader kirsty williams has said she is ` ` disappointed '' by the party 's election manifesto pledge .
the partner of a man killed in the didcot power station collapse has said there is ` ` still a chance '' he could be alive .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has announced plans to freeze bus fares in 2020 .
portugal reached the semi - finals of the world cup for the first time with a 2 - 0 win over australia .
police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the deaths of two pensioners in ballycastle , county antrim .
the british man killed in the london bridge terror attack has been awarded spain 's highest military honour .
at least 13 people have been killed in an attack on a train station in the chinese city of kunming , state media report .
donald trump 's election campaign is under way , and it 's not only the most likely outcome .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 75th anniversary of the nazi death camp in world war two .
the safety of a boat which crashed into a harbour in the solent was ` ` unlikely '' , a report has found .
a train company has been banned from operating on the main line of the west coast railway because of safety concerns .
lewis hamilton took pole position at the belgian grand prix to become the first team - mate to win the world title .
the un 's chemical weapons watchdog has submitted a declaration on the destruction of syrian chemical weapons .
` ` i do n't want to be a mother , '' says viviane , who was blind and deaf .
a plan to end ` ` rough sleeping '' in a town has been criticised by council officials .
birmingham city ladies moved into the women 's super league one play - off places with victory over birmingham city .
a pilot scheme to build ` ` boris bikes '' in london is to be rolled out across the city .
a new study has found that organic farming fields around non - organic farms could help boost wildlife .
a community group has signed a deal to try to buy a derelict building in a derbyshire town centre .
pakistan 's mohammad waqar says the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- is not investigating the ` ` suspicious '' result of england 's defeat by pakistan .
it 's a tale of british prime minister theresa may 's director of strategy for brexit .
organisers of glastonbury 's festival have pulled out of the event because of heavy rain .
port vale 's league one play - off hopes were ended by a goalless draw at port vale .
london 's rugby league chief executive has called for a ` ` credible plan '' to bring a professional rugby league club into the capital .
russian investigators are investigating the downing of a russian military jet that was shot down in syria last month .
the uk 's economic plan is ` ` turning a corner '' , chancellor george osborne has said .
former eastenders actress ross kemp is to return to the soap for the last time , it has been confirmed .
five - time champion ronnie o'sullivan reached the second round of the welsh open with a 4 - 3 victory over mark holt .
a stretch of road in inverness is set to remain closed to allow work to stabilise the area .
oldham athletic midfielder cristian montano has been sacked by the league one club after allegations of historical child sex offences .
margaret thatcher , the former prime minister of british politics , has died at the age of 82 . .
thousands of small businesses in the uk will need to follow the rules on pensions , the government has announced .
it 's one of the most important stories in the history of wales ' traditional traditional folk music .
a man has apologised after a postie 's letter from royal mail was accidentally put through a window .
the trial of a trial of artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- trial in sweden 's capital , stockholm , has ended .
a sign outside a cafe in memory of murdered schoolgirl april jones has been branded ` ` ridiculous '' .
scientists say they have discovered why horses are angry at what they say is a better way to communicate .
david beckham has been pictured giving a photograph of a hospital worker who was pictured in a rollercoaster crash .
vincenzo nibali won stage 17 of the giro d'italia as tom dumoulin won stage 14 .
british number two heather watson was beaten by naomi broady in the second round of the miami open .
the number of people living in scotland 's borders has risen by 5 % in the past year .
the remains of the late ira member kevin mckee and his brother kevin mckee have been identified as those of the disappeared .
two men have been found guilty of raping a 15-year - old girl in greater manchester .
more than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a us federal judge to be jailed for sexually assaulting a student .
england midfielder tom milner has announced his retirement from international football after two years at the national team .
league one side scunthorpe united have signed hull city goalkeeper tom watson on loan until the end of the season .
the comic - con has named the name of the avengers superhero , the first avengers film to be held in more than 40 years .
the united states has warned of the dangers of ` ` religious liberty '' in the wake of a new law in north carolina .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his players are ` ` heart - breaking '' to avoid relegation from the premier league .
a scuba diver has been photographed with plastic bags in an area of lochan , the rspb has said .
leeds united chairman massimo cellino 's share of the club will not be affected , says chairman raynor .
the government is set to set a new target for teaching welsh - speaking teachers in wales .
it 's not easyjet 's flight from london to paris , and it is easyjet .
huddersfield giants have confirmed the signing of hull kr prop joe burgess on a two - year contract .
a man has died after becoming unwell at a home in south - west london , police have said .
the body of a british man who died fighting alongside islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria has been flown back to the uk .
it 's been a year since the start of the 2016 commonwealth games in pembrokeshire , with the bbc 's wales sports personality of the year .
a welsh mp has said he is ` ` firmly backed '' by the uk government to change its rules to english laws .
scientists have developed a ` ` tentacle '' that can be used in routine operations in the future .
the boss of belfast international airport has called for tourism ireland to be ` ` the gateway into the island '' .
the father of us intelligence leaker edward snowden has said he is ` ` delighted '' to be reunited with his son .
inmates at a jail in wiltshire have been left locked in their cells after ` ` savage and unnecessary cuts '' .
a russian air strike on rebel - held areas of the syrian city of aleppo has killed at least seven civilians , activists say .
a record amount of rainfall has been recorded in the uk for the first time since records began in 1910 .
linfield 's hopes of reaching the second qualifying round of the champions league were ended by a goalless draw at windsor park .
the final boat for a boat that has been built in bristol for more than 30 years has begun .
a grade ii - listed market hall in anglesey is to be turned into a community centre .
scientists have discovered what they say was the earliest known ` ` living organisms '' of all time .
on wednesday , the chancellor of the exchequer , george osborne , made a big change in tax rates .
a committee of msps is to investigate the safety of high - rise flats in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
shirley temple , best known for playing the little miss miracle , has died at the age of 87 .
a group of musicians from south sudan 's capital , juba , have called on the government to leave revenge .
a group of russian bikers who took part in the conflict in ukraine have been denied permission by the russian government .
defending champion ronnie o'sullivan beat fellow englishman jimmy white in the first round of the scottish open .
children 's mental health services in england are being ` ` ring - fenced '' , the bbc understands .
the latest official figures from the scottish government show that greenhouse gas emissions fell by 43 % last year .
morocco 's prime minister has said he will give up some of the country 's best - known elections if he wins power .
captain michael gennett has become the first player to score four more goals in a national league game .
a woman has been found guilty of making a pipe bomb in a block of flats in dumfries .
brentford manager mark warburton is to leave the club at the end of the season , the club have confirmed .
archaeologists have uncovered a series of prehistoric footprints on a ceredigion beach that would have been previously thought .
brazilian president dilma rousseff has announced plans to carry the olympic torch from rio de janeiro .
a group of fishermen have been rescued after their fishing boat capsized off the coast of oban .
singapore 's capital , singapore , has become the first muslim - language muslim event to be held on friday .
four men have been found guilty of involvement in a multi - million pound raid on museums and museums .
a children 's nursery in ceredigion has written an open letter to a staff member who ran away .
trading standards in the uk are ` ` as strong as the weakest link '' , a regulator has said .
ghana 's ebola mission has set up a new headquarters in accra , ghana , in response to the outbreak .
australian rugby league legend noel hunt has been charged with drug trafficking offences in the australian city of southport .
egyptians have reacted angrily to the approval of a new constitution that would end a ` ` political conflict '' .
the brother of one of those killed in the bloody sunday massacre in londonderry has criticised a campaign by a former soldier .
a russian diplomat at the russian embassy in moscow has been found dead in his home , police say .
the health of five - year - olds in wales has improved , according to a new report .
a car has set a new world record for the fastest recorded car in the swiss city of zurich .
liverpool city council has called on retailers to stop selling the s * n , saying it is ` ` outrageous '' for selling the paper .
at least 30 people have been killed and dozens more injured in an explosion in north - eastern nigeria .
average speed cameras are to be installed on scotland 's roads as part of a # 500 m project to improve safety .
dundee united have signed southampton 's harry lewis on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
two climbers have been reported missing after getting into difficulty while climbing mount blanc in the french alps .
u2 have paid tribute to the late singer dennis sheehan , who died after falling off stage during a concert in los angeles .
china has accused china of ` ` increasing militarisation '' in the south china sea , amid a growing row over the disputed island .
three us hospitals have been hit by a computer virus that has encrypted computers and computer systems .
airline skyscanner has reported a rise in pre - tax profits for the first half of this year .
the government 's plans to ban so - called ` ` low - harm '' drugs in northern ireland have been published .
thailand 's top court has filed a criminal case against former prime minister yingluck shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme .
it was a year since the start of the season , the scottish premiership 's top flight was confirmed .
one of scotland 's oldest ferrys has been removed from its route after an engine room fault .
birmingham city 's nicklas bendtner suffered an injury - time winner as they beat birmingham city .
taylor swift 's feud with kanye west and her partner , kanye west , has ended in stalemate .
lancashire have won the county championship for the first time since 2009 after beating cornwall at twickenham .
chelsea remain top of the premier league after a 2 - 0 win over manchester city at stamford bridge .
a new exhibition has opened in nottingham to commemorate the achievements of people from the caribbean and british isles .
google has scrapped the automatic ` ` captcha checks '' system that assesses the activity of users .
great britain 's richard rich and his partner have won the men 's 4x100 m -lrb- 1,000 km -rrb- world championships .
the use of cashless payments to children in schools is ` ` unacceptable '' , an am has said .
the number of people needing hospital appointments in northern ireland has more than trebled in the last five years .
northern ireland rowers joel cassells and paul scrimgeour won gold in the men 's double sculls at the rotterdam championships .
a police force has been criticised for failing to properly assess the actions of a woman who was murdered by her killer .
mexican actor edgar aguirre , best known for his role as the giraffe , has died at the age of 82 .
south africa 's fa cup of nations - winning coach marc mashaba says the team 's failure to score goals is ` ` unacceptable '' .
the son of us - based activist jeffrey fowle has pleaded not guilty to spying on north korea .
the mother of a three - year - old boy who underwent an anonymous donor says she is ` ` delighted '' to pay for his treatment .
london 's tower bridge is to close for the first time as part of a # 10 m refurbishment project .
security flaws have been discovered by airlines 's travel booking system , which can be hacked , researchers say .
a county down priest who was the first person to be beatified has been made a saint by pope francis .
a giant panda cub born at edinburgh zoo has been artificially inseminated , it has emerged .
the great manchester run is to be held on friday , organisers have confirmed , the city council has confirmed .
msps at holyrood 's parliament have asked the scottish parliament to increase the amount of coffee in place .
joe perry beat stuart bingham 6 - 2 to reach the quarter - finals of the uk championship .
the taliban leader , mullah akhtar mansour , has been killed in a drone strike in pakistan .
the mother of 13-year - old caylee anthony , who drowned in a swimming pool in florida , has said she feels ` ` tired '' .
sarah taylor has been ruled out of england 's one - day international series against pakistan in june .
a group of cyclists have been working on a bus in the north - west of england for the first time .
plans to reopen a historical hot bath swimming pool in memory of a former mayor have been abandoned .
at least 18 people were killed when a bus crashed into a lorry in southern germany , officials say .
british cycling has apologised for its ` ` cultural and behavioural failings '' in british cycling .
the trial of a man convicted of murdering his ex - girlfriend is to be shown live on twitter .
german footballer thomas hitzlsperger has become the first footballer to make public his sexuality public .
police in the eastern indian state of kolkata have arrested a man accused of raping an elderly nun .
it 's not only a few days since labour leader jeremy corbyn won the general election .
a woman accused of defrauding a 102-year - old woman out of # 50,000 has told a court she could have lost her life .
the uk 's fishing industry needs more access to uk waters , the house of lords has said .
it was a year since the first and deputy first ministers joined the g8 summit in 2013 , but the belfast union flag dispute was over .
a lorry driver has apologised after he was left open - mouthed for driving his car in a crash .
the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been widened to include a second signal from china .
bojan diouf 's late goal earned stoke a draw against chelsea in the premier league .
wasps climbed to second in the premiership table with a bonus - point win over sale sharks at franklin 's gardens .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed chris kashket and scott gape on loan deals .
many clouds has died after suffering a suspected haemorrhage , the british horseracing authority has confirmed .
a passenger plane has been struck by lightning while landing at gatwick airport , the airline has confirmed .
a surgery in dorset has been told to make ` ` significant improvements '' after inspectors found it ` ` requires improvement '' .
` ` i ' ve heard the phrase ` ` i ' m a little good memory '' .
msps are to be asked to examine how scottish council chief executives are paid out for extra payments .
residents of a traveller site in essex have been told they will have a ` ` bigger '' effect if they do not prosecute them .
fire crews have tackled a blaze at a derelict building in glasgow which has been derelict for more than 30 years .
former davis cup captain colin fleming says tennis players should not be allowed to play again if they are guilty of match - fixing .
plans to build a new town on the site of a former sports centre have been approved by councillors .
the bank of england 's new chief economist , george osborne , has told the bbc that he needs to do so .
spanish fashion group zara has reported a rise in sales in the six months to the end of the year .
two cars have been involved in a series of crashes on the m74 in dumfries and galloway .
the first edition of the bbc 's sports pages has been changed to include the ` ` bonkers '' and ` ` sad '' reasons of depression .
former nigeria international oliseh has been named as the new coach of dutch side fortuna sittard .
super league leaders castleford tigers will play wakefield trinity wildcats in the quarter - finals of the 2016 - 17 season .
kenya 's prime minister uhuru kenyatta has urged his country to end the ` ` dependence on foreign aid '' .
the government is to introduce ` ` full 100 % '' checks on people leaving the uk , the government has announced .
millwall manager stuart mccall says he is ` ` distraught '' that fans ` ` reacted angrily '' to the invasion of a pitch invasion .
a football fan has raised more than # 50,000 for a hospice in memory of his team - mates .
hull city 's fa cup first - round tie against exeter city ended in a draw at exeter city .
french prime minister manuel valls has announced a package of government aid for young people who face financial hardship .
south africa scrum - half tim van rooyen says the pro12 is a ` ` huge door '' to play in the pro12 .
prime minister david cameron has said he is considering whether to remove sir jimmy savile 's knighthood .
a schoolgirl with a rare form of muscular dystrophy has launched a campaign to get a new treatment .
usain bolt has qualified for the semi - finals of the olympic men 's 4x100 m relay in rio .
scotland manager mark mcghee has urged supporters to come along with their supporters if they do not think they would be ` ` rubbish '' .
ulster head coach jon gibbes has been named head coach of the european champions cup , with the option of a further year .
east dunbartonshire council needs to make ` ` greater progress '' in improving services , a watchdog has said .
the mother of a five - year - old boy who died after being beaten by his father has told a court she was ` ` completely upset '' .
league two promotion - chasing crawley came from behind to beat leyton orient 3 - 0 in league two .
the european union and african leaders have pledged $ 1.5 bn -lrb- # 1.5 bn -rrb- to help tackle the migrant crisis in africa .
brechin city 's scottish league one play - off hopes were ended by a draw at brechin city .
a woman had to be rescued after falling into a car tyre at a play park in flintshire .
a car has been placed on top of a moving car after it became wedged in a car .
the uk 's vote to leave the eu would cause an economic shock to the world economy , the government has said .
derry city moved level on points with premier division leaders dundalk as danny boyle 's goal earned them a 2 - 0 win over wexford wexford youths .
edinburgh council has apologised after a ` ` malicious cyber attack '' on its website .
hull kr ran in seven tries to beat hull kr and move up to second in super league .
spanish police have arrested more than 100 suspected jihadists in the central city of barcelona on thursday night .
one of the oldest shipyards in the world has been described as one of britain 's oldest and oldest shipyards .
the leader of pakistan 's largest separatist party , brahamdagh bugti , has told the bbc he is ready to meet pakistan 's government .
scientists say they have made a ` ` bit bigger than the big elephants '' - the largest ever to walk .
supermarket chain sainbury has signed a deal with sainbury sea salt to buy its product .
david smith 's journey to rio 2016 is the start of his journey to the 2016 paralympic games .
two women have been rescued by the coastguard after sending a photograph of themselves on facebook and facebook .
two men who died in a fire at an airbase were ` ` bravely '' , an inquest has heard .
a gang of men who stole signalling cable cable cable from network rail have been jailed for 12 years .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says his side 's ` ` lack of confidence '' in their 4 - 0 loss at hull city is ` ` difficult '' .
german carmaker volkswagen has said it will suspend production at its german plants , which have been hit by a court ruling .
australia 's attorney general has said she is ` ` shocked and shocked '' by the government 's ` ` shameful '' treatment of children in detention .
huddersfield giants have signed warrington wolves full - back george ormsby on a two - year contract .
a rare portrait of chairman mao is expected to be auctioned in hong kong later this month , after the artist put up for auction .
a 23-year - old indian doctor has been charged with using fake passports and identity to work in local hospitals .
a 19-year - old man has been charged with the murder of former tv star chris hayden .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the mother of a man stabbed to death by a mental health trust has told a court she fears her son was involved .
egyptian officials say they have found ` ` multiple flaws '' in the building of the great pyramid .
chesterfield have signed striker chris pritchard and striker alex jones on loan from league two side portsmouth .
great britain 's justin gatlin won the t44 100 m at the diamond league meeting in brussels .
sunderland striker adnan januzaj is set to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a new study has suggested that earth 's core could have avoided the impact of the solar system .
forest green rovers moved into the national league play - off places with victory over tranmere rovers at brunton park .
women in the us have been awarded the nobel prize in recognition of their contribution to science and the role of women .
london 's private rental sector is unaffordable , according to a report by the charity shelter .
mexican prosecutors say they have arrested the former governor of the state of tamaulipas , adam yarrington .
a ` ` mindless '' gull has been shot in the airgun in the borders .
russian president vladimir putin and german chancellor angela merkel have agreed to meet german president angela merkel .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes says he is ` ` fully focused '' on his job at ibrox .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is confident striker jazz richards will return to training this summer .
saracens head coach mark mccall says the club 's ` ` youngsters are hungry '' for european titles .
in the wake of the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union , here 's a guide to the challenges facing the country .
award - winning writer kj orr has won the bbc national short story prize for her short story .
aberdeen have signed ross county goalkeeper neil quinn on a short - term deal for an undisclosed fee .
swedish furniture giant ikea has recalled a model of its popular beach chair , which was due to a growing risk of falling off the table .
young men are more likely to develop a bowel tumour in early 20s , a study suggests .
hibernian head coach neil lennon is surprised that some of the players will leave the championship this summer .
the 100th anniversary of a world war two plane crash in northern ireland has been marked by a national commemoration .
plans for a # 50 m innovation and innovation centre in newcastle have been officially opened by the government .
more than 100 homes in the channel islands have been exposed to radon , according to a survey .
police are warning people to be vigilant after a series of bogus cons in the borders .
a fire has broken out at a house in east renfrewshire , causing extensive damage to the building .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani reflects the challenges facing sudan 's politics .
an anti - auster campaign ad for australia 's conservative party has been criticised by the australian government .
urgent action is needed to tackle the risks of sepsis , a leading medical charity has said , amid a row over the issue .
this year 's winter olympics will be taking place in rio de janeiro , canada , scotland and canada .
a 200-year - old cambridge university library has secured # 1 m in funding for a new visitor centre .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found in a field in hampshire .
the cuban state news agency has said it will no longer support the us embargo imposed on the communist government .
nico rosberg edged mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to a thrilling singapore grand prix to move into second place .
there 's a lot of people in scotland think they are happy to get to the music scene .
plans to increase the number of army reservists in the uk have been criticised by the ministry of defence .
four people have been taken to hospital after a two - car crash on the a64 in north yorkshire .
msps have called for the scottish government to give details of how the budget is handled by the finance secretary .
worcestershire all - rounder daryl santner has been ruled out of the t20 blast because of a finger injury .
gordon strachan believes scott brown has a ` ` big part '' of his scotland career .
the director of the us military detention centre at guantanamo bay has said the government is committed to closing the facility .
the us navy 's first ever tailless plane has successfully completed its first test flight from florida .
parents of children who were going to a holiday camp have been told they will not be offered refunds .
the owners of a dog that was removed from belfast city council have said they are ` ` worried '' that he will not be able to return .
a former chief of staff at the houses of parliament has been charged in connection with an alleged rape .
the government is set to set a ` ` bold new target '' for improving broadband , the institute of infrastructure -lrb- iod -rrb- has said .
a rescue operation is under way in new zealand to refloat hundreds of whales stranded on a remote beach .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- is considering proposals for north korea 's winter olympics .
french prosecutors have placed an investigation into the suspected manipulation of the accounts of the ubs bank accounts .
british astronaut tim peake has taken part in an annual space talk at a children 's school .
three us marines have been killed in a helicopter crash off the coast of australia , the australian military says .
scottish league one leaders livingston extended their lead at the top of league one to five points with a 4 - 1 win over montrose .
a busy road junction is to be replaced with temporary traffic lights on a dual carriageway , police have said .
the scottish professional football league -lrb- spfl -rrb- has recovered more than # 18,000 from a bank account .
castleford tigers have signed nrl side castleford tigers second - rower tony ioan on a two - year deal .
bluebells are being sprayed with bluebells as part of efforts to tackle the spread of an invasive species .
asda has apologised to customers after discovering ` ` significant security flaws '' on its website .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after cows were found dead in conwy county .
theatregoers have been nominated for two prizes at this year 's bafta cymru awards .
a rare pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in more than two years .
four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after reports of a gun being fired in north london .
a ban on ` ` cosmetic contact lenses '' in hertfordshire has been issued by trading standards officers .
a man accused of murdering a woman with a hammer has told a court he ` ` lost it '' .
a new community centre in denbighshire is to be opened to the public as part of a # 1 m project .
china has arrested 33 chinese people suspected of running illegal mining in zambia , the foreign ministry has said .
tullow oil has reported a loss of $ 1.1 bn -lrb- # 1.1 bn -rrb- in the first three months of 2016 .
one of the uk 's best - working artists has said it is ` ` terrified '' that a music shop in sunderland is closing .
funding for major flood defences in wales is set to be increased by # 50 m in the next financial year .
the lib dems have staged a protest against the use of a ` ` family - owned '' website in the constituency .
wales forwards coach robin mcbryde will take part in the summer tour of new zealand next month .
a group of mps have called for a ban on ` ` unpaid internships '' in england and wales .
the owner of keurig green mountain , the world 's biggest single - serve coffee pod , is to buy the company .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has called on four gulf states to ` ` reduce tensions '' in qatar .
the scottish government has pledged # 20 m to support the future of general practice in the next year .
welshman mark williams is set to play in the first round of the world snooker championship in april .
police in north dakota say they have arrested more than 500 people in connection with a controversial oil pipeline .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he will appeal against the red card shown to john terry during saturday 's 3 - 0 win over peterborough .
marta de larchner sits on the floor of a block of flats in the north - western state of venezuela .
northern ireland 's political parties have clashed over the implications of the uk 's departure from the european union .
a man who claims he was involved in a car crash has told a court he was ` ` fine '' to put a claim in compensation .
head teachers at a primary school in lincolnshire have been offered a ` ` duvet day '' by the education secretary .
one of the last flying lancasters in world war two has been forced to make an emergency landing .
colchester united have signed goalkeeper craig gilmartin and goalkeeper chris brill on two - year deals .
eurosceptics in the eurozone have won a record - breaking majority in parliamentary elections .
hull kr head coach jamie peacock says he is ` ` up in the air '' for albert kelly 's future at the club .
the us supreme court has rejected a request by a california court to overturn a ban on gay marriage .
new hartlepool united manager craig hignett says he is ` ` walking into a positive situation '' with the league two club .
a journalist in poland has been told he will leave the country within 30 days because he is ` ` worried '' about his cat .
world champion mick fanning has paid tribute to his brother , who died after a battle with a shark .
thousands of small businesses in the uk will pay business rates from next year , the chancellor has announced .
a 15-year - old girl has told a court she was ` ` fanised '' by footballer adam johnson .
football fans are being urged to report reports of racist abuse at matches in wales , but it is also a cause of concern .
prime minister theresa may has warned the uk government is ` ` listening to the scots '' after brexit .
it 's a week since david cameron 's eu referendum campaign began - and it 's easy to change the law .
jersey 's football association has rejected a bid by uefa to join uefa and join the european union .
a us senator has criticised the decision not to shoot snoop dogg in a video that shows him shooting donald trump .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car in bristol .
rangers have signed midfielder graham dorrans from west bromwich albion for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
the authorities in the north - western mexican state of uraba say they have dismantled huts and set up by the authorities .
kanye west 's new single four five seconds has been released by the likes of paul mccartney and paul mccartney .
the royal navy 's latest anti - submarine training exercise in the north atlantic ocean has begun .
former nigeria coach stephen keshi has signed a new contract with the super eagles , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
award - winning writer andrew welsh is among the nominees for this year 's saltire society awards .
the united nations has named its first female superhero , wonder woman , to be its next secretary general .
championship club newport gwent dragons have been taken over by a group of american - based owners .
goalkeeper viktor boruc has announced his retirement from international football at league two club afc bournemouth , aged 35 .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after an assault in a pub .
the leader of the orange order has said he is ` ` stepping up to the mark '' in a bid to stop a return parade in belfast .
the findings of a review into the troubles inquests into the deaths of more than 100 people have begun .
paraguay 's president fernando santos has announced that he will seek re - election for a second term .
kilmarnock have signed former rangers and rangers midfielder lee mcculloch on a free transfer .
a mother and her daughter have been left ` ` completely penniless '' by a company that went bust .
the government 's pledge to bring net migration to the uk is ` ` too early '' , the home secretary has said .
wigan ended leeds rhinos ' hopes of reaching the super league play - offs with a hard - fought victory .
the bbc has announced details of its bid to build the uk 's first local tv network , the bbc .
the body of a 15-year - old boy has been recovered from a river in perthshire .
the government 's plans to expand grammar schools in england are ` ` flawed '' , say researchers .
two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler who was stabbed to death .
northern ireland 's high court has ruled that a ban on same - sex marriage in the uk has been rejected .
two - time wimbledon champion petra kvitova beat romania 's simona halep in straight sets to reach the final of the season .
this year 's grammy awards has been held in the us , with more than 80,000 musicians attending the ceremony .
league one side bury have signed bury midfielder jordan brown on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
in the aftermath of hurricane matthew 's devastating storm , the bbc 's gabriel gatehouse has been speaking to the bbc .
watford have signed colombia international zuniga on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee . .
taiwan 's government has lifted a ban on the use of personal information to china , state media say .
scott parker won the vacant wbo super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over razvan in auckland .
shane williams is to leave ospreys at the end of the season to join the japanese region .
a boeing 787 boeing 787 dreamliner plane has landed in kenya after being grounded for safety reasons .
britain 's chris froome has become the first briton to win the tour de france .
the winner of the british horseracing race has been withdrawn from the race after a scan revealed the wrong horse .
a group of south african musicians have come together with a new single in the capital , dakar .
a biscuit maker is to lose its jobs after a ` ` sharp decline '' in trading conditions .
the head of the spanish anti - corruption party -lrb- pp -rrb- is due to appear in court in barcelona on tuesday .
chris wood 's first goal of the season helped leeds beat burton albion at elland road , who remain unbeaten .
open ai has pledged $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- to develop artificial intelligence .
a ` ` major incident '' at a jail in wiltshire has led to a shortage of staff , a report has said .
more than 30,000 people have turned out to watch the world 's largest gravy wrestling championships .
french writer michel houellebecq has won this year 's goncourt prize .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as real madrid came from behind to beat kashima in the champions league final .
the prime minister has called for a ` ` big change '' in sport in schools in england and wales .
a us investigation has found that tesla 's version of its autopilot system was not designed by the driver .
world number one mark selby survived a scare to reach the second round of the china open in sheffield .
the rspb has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the shooting of a red kite in bedfordshire .
ten people have been charged in connection with a police investigation into the illegal use of slavery and slavery .
canadian vice - president joe biden has said the world needs to be ` ` very seriously '' .
if you want to be your friend , you ' ve never thought you would be a bit like you .
the world 's largest outbreak of the ebola virus in west africa has left more than 1,000 people dead .
online retailer amazon has been accused of being ` ` tax havens '' by the tax authorities .
a commercial master of a container ship has been fined [ UNK ] # 1,000 for drinking alcohol .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend has told a court he ` ` would pay for what it '' .
a two - year - old girl in the us state of florida has been charged with drink - driving after crashing his car in a field .
sir mick jagger has said he is ` ` touched '' by the death of l - wren scott .
bournemouth captain tommy elphick has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks with an ankle injury .
guiseley moved into the national league play - off places with a 1 - 1 draw at gateshead .
net neutrality campaigners say they have discovered a surge in ` ` bot activity '' that led to protests against net neutrality .
a rare ` ` corpse flower '' has been bloomed at the royal botanic garden of scotland .
the government has approved plans to build a new nuclear power station in somerset , despite concerns that the government will not accept it is too soon .
the campaign for britain 's national bird is calling for a national bird to be named national bird .
jack marriott scored a hat - trick as peterborough came from behind to beat bristol rovers in league one .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani recalls the horror of her life in kenya .
spanish police have arrested dozens of people suspected of being involved in a criminal ring in a luxury luxury villa .
glentoran manager gary haveron says his players must show ` ` character and pride '' when they face coleraine on saturday .
jordan spieth 's bid to become the first man to win the masters has been described as a ` ` classic '' .
lance armstrong 's performance - enhancing performance - enhancing drugs has been questioned by the sunday times .
california has declared a state of emergency in the state of california after wildfire engulfed homes and homes .
retailer next has won a high court battle with the uk 's top law enforcement over corporate tax .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in rossnowlagh , county donegal , for the annual twelfth of july parade .
torquay united came from behind to beat fellow strugglers torquay united and move into the national league relegation places .
work to repair a grade ii - listed bridge damaged by flooding is set to start next year .
a seal has been rescued by the scottish spca after it became trapped in the sea off aberdeenshire .
two mental health wards in cardiff have been closed to allow people to get a free flu jab .
if you want to change the chief executive of a company in charge of the company that runs it ?
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after several vehicles were deliberately set alight in wiltshire .
it 's one of the most important stories in recent years , but it 's been a positive year for a black family .
argentina have sacked coach carlos bauza after the national team failed to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
birmingham city midfielder lewis caddis is set to leave the championship club at the end of the season .
the prince of wales has said it is ` ` possible '' for apple to enshrine its encryption protections .
the government 's plan to bring in clean air zones is ` ` fundamentally flawed '' , the high court has ruled .
hovercravel has said it is considering introducing a service between the isle of wight and portsmouth .
nasa 's curiosity rover has released a new picture of the red planet on its final mission to mars .
scotland 's ryder cup captain peter lawrie says he is ` ` delighted '' with the united states after winning the fedex cup .
a bar in county londonderry has been closed for three months after the death of a man at the weekend .
the rspb has said it is ` ` delayed '' the opening of a new wetland reserve in surrey .
organisers of a motoring festival have said they will not be able to expand the event because of cuts .
the singing sewers of london have released a christmas song in a bid to highlight the problem of fat .
gloucestershire all - rounder luke wells has signed a new two - year contract with the division two club .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the final of the 2016 world snooker championship gets under way on wednesday , with the final round of 16:00 bst .
welsh secretary alun cairns has backed calls for a cross - party deal to leave the eu .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani explores the ongoing problem of violence in the us .
japanese carmaker toyota has raised its profit forecast for 2016 - 17 , despite the company reporting a rise in sales .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on wednesday , boosted by a strong start to the week , helped by a rise in oil prices .
plans to build 4,000 garden villages in north - east london have been submitted to the council .
detectives investigating the activities of the undercover police unit -lrb- mrf -rrb- have said they are examining the findings of a bbc investigation .
saif al - arab al - arab , the leader of the united nations , has been killed in an air strike in libya .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
singapore 's environment watchdog has told retailers that they will not be allowed to remove wood , paper and paper products from singapore .
a man has been jailed for three years for assaulting a teenage girl and throwing her into the ground .
as part of a treasure hunter 's quest to find mudlarking , bbc news takes a look at some unusual finds .
newsround is looking at ways to help kids who are being bullied by bullies and other youths .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- says it will take legal action against the goalball team at the 2016 games in rio .
a new online petitions website has been launched by the house of commons as part of an effort to improve public relations .
liverpool midfielder mamadou sakho has been banned for two years after testing positive for a banned substance .
children who wear an accelerometer for at least a week are less active than boys , researchers say .
bbc radio 1 's today programme is asking people to check what they say is a ` ` social anxiety '' .
steve backshall and ola jordan have spoken out about the ` ` bullying '' of strictly come dancing .
manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger has been given a three - match ban by the football association .
plans for a new # 1.5 m luxury safari park have been approved by the owners of the site .
the mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is ` ` hopeful '' a new car can solve the mystery .
an advertising agency has been criticised by the equality watchdog over its ` ` outrageous '' adverts .
more than 16 million rail passengers could be fined underpay , the government 's rail regulator has said .
a court in china has sentenced several people to life in jail for murdering a chinese woman in a mcdonald 's restaurant .
two singaporean men have been jailed for 12 months for vandalising a train in the city .
mansfield town have signed striker ollie oliver from league two side crewe alexandra on a two - year contract .
investment in scotland 's commercial property market remains ` ` resilient '' , according to a new report .
the closure of a military barracks in brecon has been described as ` ` abhorrent '' .
complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors have been raised in parts of skye in the past year .
lib dem leader nick clegg has warned that ` ` no - one will win '' the general election .
hibernian head coach neil lennon is confident that the club will return to the championship next season .
a union has endorsed jeremy corbyn as labour 's candidate in the contest to be its next leader .
a group of students from a university in south - west london are preparing to work on a new school bus .
it 's been a week since the assembly voted to scrap plans to cut tuition fees in wales .
ross county 's hopes of reaching the scottish championship were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by ross county .
an aeroplane has been hit by an aeroplane in the us city of detroit , police say .
the bbc is to broadcast live coverage of the 2016 olympics and paralympics in rio de janeiro and paralympics .
keith daniels , who has died at the age of 82 , has been described as a ` ` professional magician '' .
alex salmond , the former leader of the snp , has died at the age of 82 .
league one side cambridge united will host manchester united in the third round of the fa cup at the expense of league two club cambridge united .
great britain reached the last 16 of euro 2016 with a 1 - 1 draw against the netherlands in amsterdam .
the trial of a man accused of carrying out the 2013 boston marathon bombings has heard that he was responsible for the bombing .
russia says its air strikes against so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria have been made by russia .
a ukip councillor has defected from a group of councillors to join the party in a row over manston airport .
norwich striker alex tettey says he was happy to score a goal in his side 's 2 - 0 win over southampton .
a 20-year - old woman in the us state of pennsylvania has died after being shot by a car in the head .
a dog born with a ` ` rare '' jaw is set to leave a new home in county durham .
a new food dump is to be launched in scotland to help young offenders with links to violent crime .
john boyega , who starred in star wars films , has been offered back to a theatre in peckham .
an american tribe is planning to open a hotel in the us state of south dakota to allow the sale of marijuana .
northern ireland 's first and deputy first minister martin mcguinness has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the party 's decision to form a new government .
nick yarris , who was convicted of the murder of a police officer in 2012 , has written a book about his life .
plans to redevelop bristol city football club 's stadium have been approved by the city council .
ukip leader nigel farage has withdrawn from the party 's general election campaign , the party has confirmed .
great britain 's hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket finals suffered a blow as they beat the netherlands 62 - 7 in belfast .
glamorgan chief executive hugh morris says the t20 blast semi - final at cardiff 's sse swalec stadium was ` ` important '' .
milos raonic beat roger federer in the australian open final to become the first man to win the title .
labour leader jeremy corbyn is the first candidate for the party 's leadership contest , a poll has suggested .
two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in doncaster .
a council has said it is ` ` realistic '' to save # 600,000 by 2020 .
derry manager damian barton has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the news that he is likely to be substituted in sunday 's mckenna cup final .
the trial of a man jailed for uploading a video to his family to the internet has been lifted .
bearded dragons have been found in a box at a pet shop in aberdeenshire after being left in a cardboard box .
the world wheelchair basketball team are back on track for the first time in more than two years . .
a paraglider was ` ` lucky '' to escape unhurt when she narrowly escaped from a plane , a report has found .
police are investigating two separate robberies in county antrim which left a man with a gun in his car .
campaigners are calling for urgent action to tackle high levels of traffic on the a303 near stonehenge .
sdlp mla colum eastwood has said he will stand down as leader of the party in the next election .
an inquiry is to be launched into the impact of women 's jobs in scotland 's workplace .
st helens came from behind to beat widnes vikings in the fifth round of the challenge cup .
india 's government has banned the use of indelible ink to stop people voting in elections .
a disabled man has been attacked by two masked men in a ` ` highly - anticipated attack '' in edinburgh .
plaid cymru and ukip have said they are ` ` confident '' they can form a new welsh government .
an animal sanctuary in ceredigion has been fined # 1,000 for selling endangered animals .
midfielders james matthews and tom dummett have been included in wales ' squad for euro 2016 .
it 's the world 's tougher attitude to mental health , and how much it is done to help a woman with mental health problems .
a plaid cymru mp has said she is ` ` completely vindicated '' after an independent review into claims she died from cancer .
more needs to be done to tackle the problem of alcohol in wales , according to public health wales .
sir elton john has been diagnosed with bow bowel cancer after having surgery on his bow , his spokesman has confirmed .
england 's paul simpson won the first round of the abierto mexican open with a 6 - 4 6 - 4 victory over egypt 's mikkonen .
an air accident report has found a fault in a plane 's cabin was caused by a fault .
nottingham forest manager philippe montanier says the game against doncaster rovers will be a ` ` very important game '' .
japan striker kazuori miura has signed a new contract with japanese side stevenage . ''
the head of a government in lesotho has said he will return to the country as soon as possible .
london gatwick airport has said it is ` ` working towards a resolution '' to resolving problems with its distribution arm .
uk universities are considering moving to europe as part of brexit talks , it has been claimed .
sale director of football steve diamond says the club are in talks with potential players to join the club .
an inquest into the deaths of two men who were killed in a fire has heard they were ` ` completely destroyed '' .
china 's state media are investigating the case of a teenager found hiding in a plane bound for dubai .
england 's bubba watson is three shots behind leader jimmy watson after the second round of the china open .
police are investigating a ` ` targeted '' raid on a property in dumfries and galloway .
england 's tyrrell hatton is three shots behind leader tyrrell hatton after the opening round of the bmw pga championship .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he needs help from the club 's players to defend his premier league title against arsenal .
an independent review is to be held into the number of couples eligible for ivf treatment in scotland .
on wednesday , senator bernie sanders won the iowa caucuses to become the first us senator to win the presidential election .
in the wake of greece 's vote to leave the european union , there are fears that the country 's exit from the eu is an attractive option .
the president of the united states has announced a plan to legalise the sale of marijuana in the country .
teaching assistants in derbyshire have voted to end a long - running dispute with the council over pay .
the scottish government has dropped its plans to appoint a single person to look out for the welfare of children .
the world 's largest cruise ship , the largest in the world , has been unveiled in london .
this year 's bbc proms is set to start its season with a complete version of classical music .
facebook has said it is reviewing its response to a complaint by the social network that it has broken its rules .
stephen copoc travelled by car with a train set with his friends and family , who all survived .
shares in toshiba fell on friday after the us federal reserve said it would cut its losses .
the government 's plans to reform banking rules are being considered by the banking watchdog , the bbc understands .
five people have been charged after a laser pen was shone into the cockpit of a light aircraft at edinburgh airport .
german carmaker audi has pulled out of the le mans race because of a lack of electric power .
director of film - maker and director jonathan demme has been named director of the academy of directors .
australia 's government has announced a $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.1 bn -rrb- package to help farmers in the country 's poorest areas .
police in the north - eastern indian city of antwerp have clashed with police during an anti - government protest .
police are investigating the attempted murder of two men in a disturbance at a bar in newtownabbey .
spanish papers published by spain 's main opposition party have appeared to show that it has been published in a newspaper .
a former soviet military detainee has appeared in court in the us state of washington charged with attempted murder .
edin dzeko scored twice as roma beat bologna to move level on points with serie a leaders juventus .
ukip has said it will not investigate claims it made false statements about ukip leader nigel farage .
badges for disabled people are being offered to wear blue badges to help improve the lives of people with disabilities .
us president donald trump has been named as the winner of this year 's time magazine competition in iran .
translink has said it is ` ` confident '' that a new [ UNK ] # 12 m upgrade of trains between belfast and dublin has been lifted .
thailand 's parliament has approved the appointment of crown prince vajiralongkorn to the throne .
it 's one of the world 's most popular craft bakers - but also known as ` ` mead '' .
the unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen for the first time since 2001 , official figures show .
a search is under way for a teenager who has been missing for more than a week after going missing .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
police have released images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
the roll - out of smart meters in the uk has been delayed until the end of the year .
thousands of people have turned out to watch the last glimpse of the iconic ` ` supersonic '' plane .
northern ireland were knocked out of the uefa under-19 women 's under-19 championship by spain in belfast .
work has started on a # 1.5 m factory in angus that will create up to 100 jobs .
an outbreak of flu at a home in carmarthenshire is likely to be ` ` influenza '' , health officials have said .
a new flag has been flown outside a house in belfast to mark the start of a gay marriage campaign .
two men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a mother - of - three in east london .
the world 's largest companies are being held in abu dhabi this week , as part of a global conference .
canadian officials have detained two canadian performers in beijing , canada , in connection with a suspected illegal drug trafficking .
olympic athlete oscar pistorius has been found guilty of murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
a hospital worker has been sacked for sending ` ` sexually explicit and degrading '' messages to colleagues .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- says it is ` ` highly toxic '' that processed meat can cause cancer .
the first sculptures of aeroplane aeroplane aeroplaneplane aeroplane sculptures in hull have been unveiled .
the price of school uniforms for less than a decade is rising , according to a new study by the bbc .
an 11-year - old boy has been arrested after jumping from a plane at san francisco airport .
one of the world 's oldest steam locomotives has completed its first weekend in more than 30 years .
american entrepreneur jeff bezos is trying to find the lost power of a rocket that crashed into the sea .
steve dillon , best - known british comic book artist , has died at the age of 82 .
it 's a week since the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a man who was jailed for abusing children has been jailed for more than two - and - a - half years .
scientists in japan have developed a new way to map cancerous cells around the body of the body .
a dog 's dinner has been served at a restaurant in hong kong , after being expanded by dogs .
southport chairman andy clapham has stepped down after the club 's relegation from the national league was confirmed .
one of the uk 's largest travel firms has announced it is closing all of its zoos .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a 15-year - old girl who was hit by a car .
sleep - starved students in the uk are suffering from sleep - starved sleep deprivation , a study suggests .
fidel castro , the revolutionary leader of the cuban revolution , has died at the age of 82 .
cornwall reached the final of the county championship for the first time since 1993 with a bonus - point win over surrey .
barcelona have confirmed that striker dani alves is to leave the club at the end of the season .
oil giant bp has discovered a well in the north sea , which has been described as ` ` a great example '' .
hibernian manager ray mcginn has urged his players to return ` ` refreshed '' as they prepare to face hibernian .
two conservative mps have been re - elected to parliament after a re - election in dorset .
in the run - up to the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme looks at how much money is spent .
nottingham forest chairman stan collymore has said he is ` ` not convinced '' he will remain in charge of the club .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have released satellite images of an ancient monastery in northern iraq .
andy disley 's brace helped forest green end a run of three straight league defeats with victory over grimsby .
rory burns hit a career - best century to help surrey secure a draw against hampshire at the oval .
the us military says it is ` ` not ready '' for a pre - emptive strike by north korea .
manchester city captain vincent kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury .
a swimming pool in hertfordshire is set to reopen after being turned off because of a water ban .
northern ireland striker callum paterson says his side are ` ` getting themselves to blame '' after a 2 - 0 defeat by northern ireland .
the swiss government has said it is ` ` shocked '' that the country 's government is investigating a state fund .
a new portrait of composer mozart has been unveiled by the national orchestra -lrb- mod -rrb- .
police are searching for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago in north lanarkshire .
wales ' owain doull has become the first welsh rider to win a medal at the 2016 olympics .
astronomers have detected the largest planet in our solar system , in what they say is the largest ever on earth .
at least 100 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern indian state of kerala , police say .
un secretary - general jean de mistura has said he expects talks on a possible peace deal in syria .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a former barnsley football manager who worked as a team coach .
the number of empty shops in scotland 's towns and towns has fallen , according to new research .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a belfast hotel .
the lib dems have clashed with the government over brexit , the bbc has learned .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- and the republic of ireland have failed to form a minority government .
the impact of climate change in the uk could help reverse the decline of butterfly populations , a study suggests .
north korea 's leader kim jong - un has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by pyongyang 's recent ballistic missile launch .
an australian man who helped the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria has been jailed for seven years .
mps are to hold a debate on whether donald trump should be barred from the uk from entering the country .
police in australia say they are searching for two crocodiles who were killed by a crocodile in the country .
a ` ` culture change '' is needed in prisons in england and wales , two charities say .
more than 200,000 patients missed hospital appointments last year , figures obtained by bbc scotland show .
scotland goalkeeper gemma fay says she will be ` ` the most special moment '' of her career .
africa 's government has proposed tough new laws aimed at tackling the growing threat of the internet .
a teacher has been banned from being re - registered for two years after being found guilty of misconduct .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it is ` ` not surprised '' that four of its officers have gone missing .
a team of scientists from the university of bristol say they have found a new area in the indian ocean .
tributes have been paid to the late us artist who has died at the university of glasgow -lrb- smo -rrb- .
` ` i ' ve got a bit of a whirlwind , '' says alex black , a mother of three who started a gym in london .
former prime minister lord heseltine has called for a ` ` better industrial strategy '' for schools in england .
wales coach warren gatland says he will be ` ` very neutral '' for sunday 's world cup match against australia .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cambridge have visited a garden dedicated to their mother , princess diana .
matt wootton 's late goal earned league one leaders scunthorpe their first win of the season .
the eu says it has ` ` no doubt '' the names of some of its top officials banned from russia .
a play about king richard iii is to be performed at leicester cathedral , a campaign group has said .
swansea city head coach paul clement says he is a ` ` key player '' in the club 's premier league success .
warwickshire have signed warwickshire all - rounder josh poysden and alex mellor for next season .
a teenage girl who died after being hit by a car was ` ` utterly broken '' , her family have said .
the number of people taking their own lives in prisons in england and wales has risen , official figures show .
sweden 's foreign minister has been released , six months after he was kidnapped by al - qaeda .
plans to cut free childcare in wales are ` ` not getting the job done '' , first minister carwyn jones has said .
researchers at cardiff university have developed a new way to cut the risk of a head injury by creating a new treatment .
police in ferguson say they have identified a teenager who was shot dead by a police officer in 2014 .
the eu says it has ` ` full support '' for georgia 's border with georgia , amid growing tensions over the country 's territory .
british number two heather watson is out of the south korea open after losing to american coco telcel .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car .
joan winstone is to play joan winstone in a new biopic of british actress joan winstone .
the pilot of a plane that crashed in colombia last week has written to the brazilian government asking her to stop the flight .
the food and drink industry -lrb- fdf -rrb- has reported a rise in sales in the first quarter of 2016 , helped by strong growth in exports .
two irish rugby players who were barred from playing rugby for the first time have been allowed to play rugby .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower on friday as oil prices continued to slide .
a south african woman has appeared in court accused of taking part in the trial of oscar pistorius .
australian police have arrested two suspected asylum seekers at a detention centre in the western state of christmas island .
hugh grant is to play a role in the bbc spy drama the man from the spy series the spy .
kenneth zohore 's first - half goal earned cardiff city victory over burton albion at cardiff city .
a 60-year - old man has died after getting into difficulties in the river tay in edinburgh .
a man has died after being shot in the stomach in liverpool , prompting a police appeal for information .
a man has admitted stabbing a man with a knife in pembrokeshire , leaving him with serious injuries .
campaigners are calling for a reward for information after a dog was found dumped in a water tank .
for more than 200 years , the historic historic journey of the river dumfries and galloway came to an end .
england captain alastair cook says his team 's ` ` inexperience '' in the build - up to the second test against bangladesh was a ` ` huge achievement '' .
an independent review is to be carried out into claims a council leader was involved in selling a council toilet block .
a former soldier has been jailed for possessing a gun and ammunition in a house where he was training .
scotland 's local authorities are ready to take in syrian refugees , the cosla has said .
chancellor george osborne is to meet german leaders to discuss the uk 's renegotiation of the european union .
france 's philippe rolland won stage three of the giro d'italia with victory in the third stage .
if you 're going to church on your christmas day , you 're likely to get to work on a sunday .
an investigation has been launched after a fire at a building in caerphilly county was started .
scientists have released new data that shows that a large asteroid has passed earth by the end of the year .
virgin media has dropped its estimates of more than 300,000 new premises in the first half of 2017 .
great britain 's james guy and chloe tutton won gold in the 200 m breaststroke at the rio olympics .
there are growing concerns about the dangers of playing rugby in schools and schools in the uk , but experts say they have developed a new way .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound fell against the dollar after the bank of england cut its benchmark interest rate .
a boxer who attacked his ex - girlfriend in her home has been jailed for three years .
a paedophile who sexually abused a 14-year - old boy has been jailed for four years .
police officers have been criticised for their response to a ` ` significant threat '' to public safety by the police .
six people have been charged in connection with an arson attack on a man in berlin , germany , on christmas day .
chris coleman would have been ` ` ecstatic '' if he had been given the chance to keep him at wales , his father chris coleman has said .
the chinese government 's decision to delay plans to hinkley point nuclear power station in somerset has been delayed .
an australian charity has asked people to help protect the lives of baby kangaroos who have burned paws .
oscar - winning actress lupita nyong ' o has said he is ` ` excited '' about playing black panther in the forthcoming film .
more than 2,000 teenagers have taken part in an annual national park in dartmoor , kent .
the republic of ireland 's department of finance is to investigate a report into the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
the new date for the opening of the queensferry crossing has been delayed until may , it has been confirmed .
more than half of children in the uk do not check their mobile phones before going to sleep , a survey suggests .
the republic of ireland is one of the world 's oldest countries , the first state in more than 20 years .
a us man who shot cecil the lion in zimbabwe has been described as ` ` sick in the head '' .
kenya 's president - elect , kieran odinga , has announced his intention to seek re - election from the supreme court .
a campaign to re - introduce the death penalty in england and wales is calling for a referendum on the issue .
laura muir has become the first scottish woman to win the 800 m title at the british indoor championships .
bt 's plans to merge the uk 's mobile phone network with o2 , the company has confirmed .
singer phil collins has been taken to hospital after suffering a serious head injury in a concert in germany .
the uk 's data protection regulator pwc has raised the amount of fines issued by the information commissioner 's office -lrb- pwc -rrb- .
the uk 's decision to leave the european union has been widely welcomed by the bank of england .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes insists his players are not ` ` daunted '' by their europa league preparations .
chester came from behind to beat macclesfield 3 - 2 in the national league at chester 's expense .
a discount scheme for young people to use bus services in wales has been scrapped by the welsh government .
it was billed as one of the most dramatic events in the history of the united states - and the events that led to the ousting of president richard nixon .
eastleigh have signed defender ben cole from non - league side eastleigh for an undisclosed fee .
the number of peacekeepers being investigated by the united nations has more than trebled in 2015 , according to a un report .
manchester united striker wayne rooney is in talks with chelsea over a possible move to stamford bridge this summer .
teaching assistants in durham have taken part in a protest at plans to cut staff wages by a third .
the mother of a transgender woman who was jailed for sexually abusing her has appealed against her sentence .
a warehouse in birmingham has been raided by police as part of an investigation into a suspected illegal immigration fraud .
italian businessman raffaele sollecito and his former partner amanda knox have had their convictions overturned .
a us soldier has been awarded the highest military honour for his role in the fightback against taliban fighters .
guernsey 's environment department has asked for a consultation on the possible location of guernsey 's waterfront .
the number of nursing homes and nursing homes in england has fallen by more than a third , the bbc has learned .
the owner of the uk 's largest energy supplier , co - operative energy , is to pay # 1.6 m in compensation to customers who were unable to access their accounts .
archaeologists have uncovered what are believed to be the earliest known weir ever found on the coast of southampton .
the government is being urged to give more training to all of its staff to help prevent suicides .
real madrid have said they are ` ` shocked '' by fifa 's handling of the transfer ban .
an inquest into the death of a 12-year - old boy at a school in bradford has been opened .
thousands of people have visited the italian city of turin for the first time since it was shown in a shroud .
the mebyon labour party has announced it will not be fielding candidates in may 's general election .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two people in belfast city centre .
russia 's ambassador to moscow has said he will not retract his remarks about the conflict in world war two .
it 's been a year since all saints were taken to the top of the pops in 1997 .
new zealand 's prime minister john key has said a deal between the united nations and the trans - pacific partnership -lrb- tpp -rrb- will not be reached .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in sheffield .
police in mauritius have arrested congo goalkeeper leopold leopold , who has been on the run for a month .
the government has announced plans to cut the number of people who have been living in the uk for five years .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from homes and businesses in southern italy after a huge fire engulfed the sky .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he wants to make a change to the church 's easter sunday .
steven lawless has signed a new contract with partick thistle , keeping him at firhill until 2020 .
team sky 's luke rowe won stage four of the tour de france with victory in the race .
american businessman stan kroenke is to remove all of his tv programmes from his home country .
doncaster maintained their league two promotion hopes with a 4 - 3 win over stevenage at stevenage .
ulster and ireland hooker rory best says he would be a ` ` massive honour '' to succeed paul o'connell as ulster and ireland < q >
a 19-year - old man has been charged with attempted murder after the manchester arena terror attack .
gillingham chairman paul scally says the club 's current affairs are ` ` not a long - term future '' .
the education secretary has called for tougher action to tackle cyber - bullying in wales to tackle the problem .
league two side cambridge united have signed colchester united defender robbie keane on loan until the end of the season .
scunthorpe united manager robin swann says he is ` ` heartbroken '' by the club 's poor form .
a campaign to promote safety in the great outdoors has raised concerns about the safety of mountain rescue teams .
more than 50,000 people have been killed in the mau mau mau rebellion in kenya in the 1950s .
johnny cash 's studio album out among the stars has been released by the late singer john carter cash .
boris johnson has said he is ` ` hopeful '' that the uk would pay the eu to keep access to the single market .
hearts have signed poland international defender grzelak on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
british astronaut tim peake has returned to earth for the first time since becoming the first british astronaut on board .
great britain 's men 's wheelchair basketball team lost 3 - 1 to japan in their opening game of the 2018 winter paralympics .
the united arab emirates says it is ` ` urgently '' reconsidering the case of a british man who claims he was tortured into signing a confession .
the government has promised to bring fast broadband to all homes , businesses and businesses in the uk and businesses .
a 19-year - old man has been charged in connection with an alert at a london tube station .
scientists have warned that the impact of climate change is likely to be caused by co2 emissions of co2 .
british chocolate maker mondelez international has announced plans to scrap fairtrade , following criticism from the company 's producers .
energy regulator citizens advice is calling for a new law to protect customers from ` ` shock '' bills .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
pop star gigi hadid has said he was ` ` extremely proud '' to appear in a poncho because she was ` ` too thin '' .
liverpool have appointed former england under-19s boss sean o'driscoll as their new head coach .
faissal el bakhtaoui scored twice as ayr united eased past ayr united .
meryl streep 's performance at this year 's golden globes was ` ` like a whirlwind '' .
the government has won a major victory in the supreme court battle against the government 's employment rights .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested in connection with an attempted murder in coleraine .
when bobsleigher dan fearon was forced to retire from athletics at the age of 37 .
a bbc journalist has told an employment tribunal she was ` ` targeted '' by a bbc reporter .
a scotch whisky distillery in the borders is set to re - launch its production of a single malt .
republican front - runner donald trump took part in a fiery debate on thursday 's republican presidential election .
singer charlotte edwards has announced she is expecting her second child , two months after she announced her birth .
it 's been a year since the republic of ireland 's long - term economic growth began .
the independent review of transvaginal mesh implant operations in scotland is to be carried out , scotland 's health secretary shona robison has said .
a five - year - old girl who had a heart transplant has been reunited with her family after a lengthy wait .
wales women 's hopes of qualifying for euro 2017 continued with a hat - trick against kazakhstan in pembrokeshire .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- is set to launch its first mission to mars .
a us drone strike in pakistan has killed at least 14 people and injured more than 50 , officials say .
teachers in england need a pay rise to 1 % or less , say leading teachers ' union leaders .
motherwell manager mark mcghee says he would be ` ` amazed '' if gordon strachan stays in charge of scotland .
england manager roy hodgson says he will not pick andy carroll for the euro 2016 squad because he is english .
a deaf children 's charity has criticised the government 's decision to cut the cost of providing support for disabled students .
two accountants at the oscars have been banned from working for the wrong envelopes after mistakenly mistakenly naming the wrong envelope .
a court in germany has sentenced eight people to life in prison for planning attacks on asylum seekers and asylum seekers .
hundreds of london underground station workers are to be axed as part of a plan to save money .
northern ireland 's hotel industry is being urged to get a ` ` partnership '' in the hospitality sector .
a lack of name recognition for local councils is a problem for local politics , a survey has found .
the head of the inquiry into the grenfell tower fire has sent a letter to the prime minister .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he wants to bring back the original ` ` clause iv '' in his party 's constitution .
nigerian schoolgirl malala yousafzai has said she will never forget her schoolgirls abducted by islamist militants .
a man who raped a woman in glasgow four years ago has been named as the uk 's most wanted suspect .
global temperatures are set to rise to 1.5 c -lrb- 1.5 c -rrb- , according to new research .
the first public trams to be built in nottingham have been officially opened by the city 's council .
the government has been accused of ` ` grossly unfair '' over its plans to eliminate the deficit .
a woman who claims she was sexually abused by a man in rotherham has told a court she felt ` ` grown up '' .
england test captain alastair cook 's unbeaten start to the season continued as division two leaders essex dominated essex .
pakistan 's border town of mashkel has been hit by a devastating earthquake that struck the north - western town of quetta .
us president barack obama has nominated a new director of the us federal bureau -lrb- fbi -rrb- .
the high court has rejected an injunction preventing the media reporting the sale of one of northern ireland 's richest men .
great britain 's katie almaz won olympic gold in the women 's 10,000 m at rio 2016 .
prime minister david cameron and his allies have clashed over tax affairs in a heated debate in the house of commons .
st peter 's school will contest the all - ireland club senior hurling final after beating st mary 's magherafal 2 - 13 to 1 - 12 in dublin .
more than 200 acres of land have been destroyed in a series of wild fires in the highlands and islands .
a man who admitted possessing and downloading child abuse images has been jailed for nine years and four months .
the republic of ireland 's deputy first minister has asked the irish parliament to clarification about his expenses .
more than half of england 's councils are planning to raise council tax , a survey has found .
the uk 's wettest june - to - june quarter could be driven to extinction , experts say .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of bernard mcginley in county fermanagh .
newtonmore will face kilmallie in the camanachd cup quarter - final after beating kilmallie 2 - 0 in the quarter - final .
three teenagers are being sought by police investigating the disappearance of a airman who went missing in suffolk .
nato forces in afghanistan say they have freed more than 30 prisoners in a raid on kandahar province .
a man who admitted taking pictures of women in public places has been jailed for more than 18 months .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- mla has said he has no personal financial interest in the rhi scheme .
peter swankie 's second - half goal earned forfar athletic a 2 - 1 win over montrose .
a student accused of raping a student has been cleared of all charges of rape and sexual assault .
great britain 's jessica ennis - hill set a new world record at the gotzis event in gotzis .
thousands of people have marched in washington dc to protest against us president donald trump 's tax returns .
babies born to first - time mothers in the uk are at the highest rates in europe , according to a new study .
game of thrones has unveiled its first female doctor who companion - the first time lord to be played on the show .
a survivor of the hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he was ` ` 100 % convinced '' to change his statement .
the fire service has finished work on the shoreham air show to recover the wreckage of the crash which killed 11 people .
four royal navy warships will be scrapped in the next year , defence secretary liam fox has confirmed , following a review .
liverpool city council 's leader has said he is ` ` on the side '' of the anti - government protest .
league one side reading have signed reading goalkeeper tomas rakels on loan until the end of the season .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in glasgow city centre .
a memorial to seven soldiers who took part in world war two has been unveiled in a shropshire town .
plans to build a new railway station in reading have been approved by the council to consider its plans .
tyrrell hatton 's record - breaking # 150,000 prize money earned him a place at the scottish open .
two women were taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in bournemouth , police have said .
a new degree course has been launched at a university in south - west pakistan , with students studying the language .
a campaign has been launched to restore a grade ii - listed mill which was destroyed by fire .
wigan warriors prop joe flower has been given a six - match ban for elbowing an opponent in the super league final .
renault 's engine supplier has told the bbc that it will not be allowed to run their own team .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has been given a one - match touchline ban after being charged by the football association .
ayr united ended dunfermline 's unbeaten start to the season with a draw at dunfermline .
african agriculture minister emmanuel adesina has won the 2015 world food prize , which aims to boost global growth .
a holidaymaker has been fined # 7,000 after falling from a balcony at a hotel .
a woman accused of harassing her estranged wife has lost a court case against the former ireland rugby star .
police searching for missing teenager andrew mitchell have found a body in the search for a missing teenager in inverness .
jess charli has said she is ` ` absolutely excited '' to have written songs for her new album .
nigerian author adichie has been named as the winner of this year 's national critics book prize .
chelsea have been crowned champions of the premier league for the first time since 2005 , beating manchester united 4 - 0 at stamford bridge .
food expert prue leith is to step down from the great british bake off , the bbc has learned .
plans to build a mosque in the centre of a dispute over the location of a proposed building have been approved .
former world number one rafael nadal has been banned from all football activities by the spanish government for doping .
a police force has criticised paedophile hunters for ` ` failing to intervene '' in the case of a child .
a court in chile has upheld the jail sentence of a german man who ran a secretive sect in chile .
it 's a remarkable year for the england cricket team , which starts in australia this summer , and it 's been a ` ` crazy year '' .
at least 30 people have been killed after a bridge collapsed in the indian state of goa , police say .
preston north end ended a run of three championship games without a win as they were held to a draw by barnsley .
the exam regulator ofqual says it is ` ` too lenient '' to ensure gcse results are judged .
the public prosecution service -lrb- pps -rrb- has decided not to prosecute a man accused of the kingsmills massacre .
two - time olympic gold medallist kelly houvenaghel is to retire from cycling at the end of the season .
chierika ukogu 's hopes of securing a medal at the 2016 olympics were dashed on monday .
rhondda cynon taf 's new chief civil servant , rhondda cynon taff evans , has been named as the new secretary of state .
the trial of an irish teenager imprisoned in an egyptian mosque has been adjourned until next month .
fifa president sepp blatter has announced his intention to become the next president of world football .
ghana won the africa cup of nations semi - final for the first time with a 3 - 0 victory over dr congo .
the government 's plans to change the way the football association is run are run have been announced .
plans for a multi - million pound redevelopment of a grade ii - listed venue in cornwall have been unveiled .
amnesty international has called for urgent action to end the migrant crisis in qatar , after a report said the country 's government is ` ` not serious '' .
four people have appeared in court charged with murdering 16-year - old becky watts , who disappeared last month .
a council has announced plans to cut the number of christmas lights in a bid to save # 12 m .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has raised concerns about global growth .
a song by a scottish poet has been found in a cemetery in inverness where he lived in the highlands .
the law on hunting is ` ` not a realistic prospect '' of a conviction , a campaign group has said .
swedish fashion firm h&m has announced plans to open four new stores in the uk , in a move described as ` ` weak '' .
as the battle for the uk 's role in the evacuation of more than 300,000 british troops from dunkirk continues , the bbc 's thomas biles will reveal .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers how free african artists can tell their own stories .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' weather warning has been issued for parts of scotland and scotland .
valencia moved level on points with la liga leaders real madrid with a 2 - 1 win over valencia .
an extremely rare copy of the 1916 easter rising has been sold at auction for # 1,000 .
charlton boosted their hopes of automatic promotion from league one with a hard - fought victory at charlton .
a # 1 m fundraising campaign to save a 15th century masterpiece has been completed by the national trust .
elton john has apologised for trying to stop people moving to the front of a concert .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a bus in gwynedd have paid tribute to their ` ` best friend '' .
the families of the victims of the clutha police helicopter crash have said they feel ` ` let down '' after a meeting with relatives .
england 's luke donald has been named as the european tour 's ambassador for the british masters .
msps have backed a bill to allow same - sex marriage ceremonies to be held in church .
iraq 's parliament has approved a plan to reduce the number of senior political jobs in the country .
great britain 's women lost 4 - 1 to argentina in the quarter - finals of the olympic hockey .
germany 's political leaders are set to face a crisis in the eurozone , after the partial results of the election .
paul stirling and middlesex openers paul stirling both hit centuries as they dominated middlesex at lord 's .
roma have been fined 50,000 euros -lrb- # 50,000 -rrb- for singing offensive songs about ac milan striker mario balotelli .
in her village in the north - eastern bangladeshi village of joba , her daughter of late - year - old joba rani .
a texas police officer has been fired after video emerged of a police officer being shot dead by police .
last year 's winner of the 2016 grand prix de l'arc de triomphe has won the race at aintree .
oscar - winning actress angelina jolie has been named best film at the international film festival in sarajevo .
the bbc has been accused of spending more than [ UNK ] # 125 m in the midlands during a debate .
the organisers of this year 's wickerman festival have announced a new stage at the event .
more than two - thirds of uk workers say they have been absent from work , according to a new survey .
six men have been charged in connection with the alleged rape and murder of six women in sheffield last year .
ukip is ` ` in with a very good chance '' of winning the general election , its leader has said .
a russian diplomat in new york has apologised to the jewish people who pledged to us president - elect donald trump .
the family of a teenager who was killed by a car in a hit - and - run crash have called for tougher penalties .
rafael nadal 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the australian open ended in defeat by alexander zverev .
the husband of a woman who was injured in the manchester terror attack has said he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
celtic reached the scottish cup quarter - finals for the first time with a dramatic penalty shootout win over rangers .
it 's been a year since the great britain 's olympic gold medallists joe joyce won gold in the ring .
a powerful earthquake has struck south - eastern nepal , killing at least 14 people and injuring more than 100 .
kumar sangakkara 's first - class century helped surrey secure a first - innings lead against surrey at the oval .
mohamed benzia is set to become algeria 's first player to be allowed to play for the country .
al ahli have won a legal battle against the football association over the dismissal of former manchester united manager michael o'leary .
argentina 's government has proposed tougher penalties for attacks on teachers in the country 's schools .
cornwall director of rugby richard dawe says the club will not be taking away from the twickenham stadium .
bristol city have signed jake and kodi denbighshire 's first professional contracts with the club .
tributes have been paid to labour mp jo cox , who was shot and stabbed to death in her constituency .
liam boyce scored a hat - trick as ross county came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle .
two brothers who tortured and forced their victims to eat nettles have been given lifelong anonymity .
at least 30 people have been killed in a train crash in india 's northern state of andhra pradesh .
high winds are expected to hit northern ireland on thursday , with more than 1,000 homes without electricity .
greek shares have fallen after talks between the international monetary fund and the european union failed to reach agreement .
aston villa have named colin calderwood as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year contract .
a former koran master accused of sexually abusing children at a cardiff mosque has gone on trial .
chancellor george osborne 's spending cuts are likely to be ` ` a big turnaround '' , the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- has said .
the number of cancer - related cancers associated with the cervix -lrb- cervix -rrb- is the biggest and preventable disease worldwide , a study suggests .
plans to demolish a grade ii - listed building in durham have been submitted to durham university .
electric carmaker tesla has reported a net loss for the first time in two years as demand for electric vehicles .
a man has been arrested after a teenage girl was sexually assaulted in cardiff city centre , police have said .
a council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family whose home was destroyed by a landslip .
a 29-year - old man has appeared in court charged with shooting dead two men in northern ireland .
the father of musician prince has called police in the us to help him find a doctor who called police .
at least 30 people have been killed in an attack by islamist militants in burkina faso , officials say .
a man has been shot dead by police in hull , the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- has said .
chinese tech giant huawei is seeking permission to use some of its patents to samsung 's samsung electronics .
british businessman richard branson has been travelling to france for a special mission to tackle the paris attacks .
a 16-year - old boy has been stabbed to death in an alleyway in north - west london .
theo walcott scored the only goal of the game as manchester united came from behind to earn a draw at old trafford .
league one side mk dons have signed striker stevie may on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
workers at a plant in merthyr tydfil are to lose their jobs , the company has announced .
chelsea goalkeeper kim lindahl has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
the dab -lrb- dab- dab -rrb- - the dab- dab- dab- -lrb- dab- dabs -rrb- - is n't doing it .
a hospital 's a&e department has been told it will not be allowed to play pokemon go .
actor timothy bradley is to star in a new bbc drama about the creation of doctor who , it has been announced .
a seven - year - old boy has been rescued after his kayak boat capsized in surrey .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman with a ` ` distinctive '' hair .
` ` it 's a - levels , '' says the government 's decision to stop taking new sixth forms from schools .
ricky burns retained his ibf super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over julius indongo .
a man has been charged with the murder of a student who was found in a burnt - out car .
a christian pastor has been found guilty of murdering a 12-year - old boy in a church in east london .
a russian plane has been shot down by turkey 's warplanes in syria , the russian military says .
the uk 's decision to ban the use of lithium - ion batteries at heathrow airport is due to begin .
substitute ethan ebanks scored the only goal of the game as sheffield united beat bury in league one .
the archbishop of canterbury has said that ` ` fear and death and death '' are not the ` ` last words '' .
plans to build a mcdonald 's restaurant in aberdeen have been refused permission by the planning inspector for the high court .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- and the world bank have been named as one of the world 's most influential countries .
england manager gareth southgate has a ` ` good chance '' of getting the job at euro 2016 , says gunners boss arsene wenger .
the mother of a girl who took her own life has said she is ` ` appalled '' by the council 's decision to publish a report into her death .
stoke city have signed cameroon international eric choupo - moting on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
football 's governing body has voted to introduce tougher rules on tackling racism and discrimination in football .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2017 quarter - finals were dented by a lacklustre display .
bayern munich moved into the champions league quarter - finals with a 2 - 1 win over besiktas .
a christian - run bakery has said it is ` ` delighted '' that it will not be able to make a cake for a muslim prayer .
an 86-year - old woman who was hit with a bacon sandwich by a thief has been released without charge .
carrie fisher has been treated for a heart attack in los angeles , her co - star has said .
nick clegg has accused the conservatives of ` ` compassionate conservatism '' over tax cuts .
a singaporean couple 's picture shoot inspired by the death of their loved ones was inspired by their work .
a pipe bomb has been found in the grounds of a house in county tyrone , police have said .
a prison has been criticised for its ` ` inadequate '' levels of violence and abuse , inspectors have said .
the australian government has unveiled plans to build a memorial to the victims of the siege in sydney last year .
bird flu has been found at a farm in lincolnshire , the department for environment -lrb- defra -rrb- has confirmed .
sri lanka 's prime minister has said the country 's mangrove forests will be saved by the government .
google has released its first version of its android operating system -lrb- os -rrb- .
a michigan football referee has died after being hit by an opponent during a game in nashville , michigan .
two men have been given a suspended jail sentence for dumping thousands of tyres in county londonderry .
more than 100,000 disabled people are living in ` ` stress '' over changes to benefits , according to a new study .
chelsea striker isaac success has been left out of the nigeria squad for sunday 's africa cup of nations qualifier against manchester city .
the government 's ban on the use of fireworks in people 's back gardens is ` ` rubbish '' , an mp has said .
scottish rugby has announced it is to host the 2017 european cup finals of 2017 and the 2017 - 18 season .
investment firm brewin dolphin is being sold to investment firm alliance trust for # 4.6 bn .
the paris attacks have continued to dominate the city 's capital , brussels , on tuesday , with the city still on alert .
one of the most powerful men in the philippines has gone on trial in connection with the killing of dozens of civilians .
the search for the bodies of two crew members who died in a helicopter crash in county galway has resumed .
a man accused of attacking a student with a peanut allergy has been charged with manslaughter .
an under - fire health trust has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march to protest against the closure of stafford hospital 's services .
a grade ii - listed swimming pool in pembrokeshire has been given the chance to open in 2016 .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has called for china 's ` ` reorganient '' monetary reforms to the yuan .
hartlepool united 's andrew nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
premiership club bristol have sacked head coach mark robinson as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
a man has been charged after a sofa was tied in a car by a police patrol . . .
a man who stabbed a pensioner to death in the back of his car was not psychotic , a court has heard .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
paris st - germain have signed former chelsea forward didier drogba on a two - year deal .
sinn [ UNK ] 's gerry adams has called for a ` ` greater opportunity '' to solve a border poll .
republic of ireland manager martin o'neill praised his side 's performance in their 1 - 1 draw with the netherlands in dublin .
national league side ebbsfleet have signed former wycombe wanderers and wycombe wanderers defender ben weston on a free transfer .
passengers on one of the busiest train services in the world have been left stranded after a ` ` piggy back off '' train .
moderate exercise for one year increases the amount of memory loss in early life , a us study suggests .
drinks giant diageo has reported a rise in sales in the first quarter of the financial year , despite a decline in sales .
two teenagers who stole a vicar 's car in a ` ` shocking '' attack have been detained .
us president - elect donald trump has said he was ` ` mishandle '' about barack obama 's alleged interference in the 2016 election .
ciara mitchell and adam kirk - smith have secured their place in sunday 's final of the commonwealth games in dublin .
two small eels have been found in a river in norfolk , the first confirmed sighting of a new species .
the brazilian grand prix is one of the world 's most popular sporting events , and it 's not only a matter of days .
police officers investigating the fatal shooting of a 24-year - old man in luton have been named .
northern ireland footballer ross mccourt has said he was ` ` worried '' that his wife had a brain tumour .
nato 's defence secretary sir michael fallon has urged other nations to ` ` shoulder a fairer share '' .
the welsh parliament should be changed to the ` ` welsh parliament '' , the first minister has said .
in the wake of the german chancellor angela merkel 's election victory , the bbc 's geeta pandey meets in berlin .
one of scotland 's largest hotels has been put under administration after being placed under administration in administration .
plans for a # 180 m tram line between nottingham and nottingham have been revealed by the local government .
labour 's chuka umunna has said he will ` ` betrayed our people '' if he wins the party 's leadership contest .
the head of japan 's dentsu is to step down after the death of a woman who fell to her death .
it 's a long time for england to get the chance of playing in the semi - finals of the champions trophy .
police are warning signs that a batch of ` ` superman '' drug may have been sold in suffolk .
a 24-hour strike by arriva trains wales drivers has been called off by union members .
chris gray scored twice as burnley came from behind to beat middlesbrough and keep their championship play - off hopes alive .
andrew cassells and paul scrimgeour won gold in the men 's single sculls at the european rowing championships in lucerne .
the family of a woman murdered by her ex - husband have gone on trial accused of perverting the course of justice .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is ` ` saddened '' by claims of historical child sex abuse by former footballer andy woodward .
the french government has said it will not approve the appointment of a new french ambassador to the vatican .
more than 8,000 gp practices in england are ` ` vulnerable '' , the bbc has learned .
wales manager chris coleman says his squad have ` ` the potential to come '' after qualifying for euro 2016 .
guy martin 's return to the ulster grand prix has been ruled out of this year 's event .
burnley have signed striker jon walters from stoke city for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
five women 's players have been shortlisted for the bbc women 's footballer of the year award .
the queen has sent a tweet to celebrate her 90th birthday by sending her first official birthday .
black friday 's black friday is set to become the uk 's first major retailers to try to persuade consumers to buy .
a lorry driver who admitted causing the deaths of two men in a crash has been jailed for three years .
scientists in japan have developed a new way to track the impact of alzheimer 's disease in the living brain .
a series of vigils for british holidaymaker shrien dewani have been held in south africa .
a gp has been struck off after being found guilty of assaulting a patient with no control or support .
a five - year - old girl who suffered hypothermia during birth has been awarded # 5.3 m in damages .
lewis hamilton has won the italian grand prix for the first time since taking pole position at the weekend .
a man with a rare form of muscular dystroportionate disease has called for councils to be legally obliged to provide toilets in wales .
a police officer who was stabbed in the head by a man who tried to force him into his home has been awarded the queen 's medal .
six police officers have been placed under investigation after a man was injured in a toilet bowl , the police watchdog has said .
the bbc has published details of a draft plan to bring northern ireland 's public services to northern ireland .
plans to re - advertise maternity services at a hospital in oxfordshire have been criticised by an mp .
italy 's former prime minister silvio berlusconi has spoken out about his links to us president donald trump .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- 's northern ireland secretary has said he is ` ` hopeful '' of a deal to restore the power - sharing executive .
the granddaughter of an ira man who died in the troubles has said she is ` ` disrespecting '' her grandmother to attend her funeral .
the dna of europe 's oldest populations has shed light on the modern modern modern human genomes .
a large unexploded world war two bomb has been found off the coast of ceredigion .
the family of a man who helped deliver christmas presents to children in belfast have paid tribute to him .
the cia 's secret operations in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- cia -rrb- , known as the ` ` secret operations '' , has been revealed .
it 's one of the most memorable moments of the week , the world 's longest winning streak .
it 's a question about the future of the m4 in south east wales - and what is it ?
chris gayle and michael pollard both hit centuries as west indies beat australia by seven runs in their first world twenty20 final .
a watchdog has found a ` ` serious concern '' at a mental health unit in edinburgh .
ospreys maintained their 100 % start to the season with a hard - fought victory over newport gwent dragons .
india 's supreme court has sentenced 10 sikh men to death for their role in a mass murder case .
a former super - bantamweight champion of wwe has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed .
a dog has been rescued by the coastguard after being rescued by a coastguard rescue dog in devon .
dundee united and hibernian will meet in the quarter - finals of the scottish league cup .
school leaders are to be offered advice on how to tackle extremist views in schools and colleges .
the us city of eugene has rejected a bid to award the 2021 world championships to the norwegian city .
a man who admitted harassing a student with a glass of wine has admitted admitted harassing her .
more than 5,000 syrian refugees have arrived at a border crossing between turkey and turkey , the un says .
jk rowling 's shortlist for this year 's man booker prize has been announced .
an israeli police officer has been arrested after video emerged of a police officer being attacked by a palestinian man .
the family of a boy who was attacked by a dog has won a # 1.5 m compensation settlement .
the uk 's oldest nuclear power plant is set to be kept in the next few weeks , the government has said .
a residential home in ceredigion is set to close with the loss of dozens of jobs .
pope francis has relaxed the rule on abortion for the first time in more than 30 years , the bbc understands .
teachers in england have been awarded more than # 16,000 in compensation over ` ` serious injuries '' .
the founder of a group that helps children with learning disabilities in northern ireland is to be honoured with a special award .
a ban on people walking more than four dogs in a hampshire town has come into force after new rules were introduced .
it 's been a week since police officers were involved in an undercover investigation into alleged miscarriages of justice .
boeing has announced plans to double the number of bags on its aircraft as part of a plan to reduce headless .
dundee 's new museum of art -lrb- bam -rrb- museum has been officially opened by the architect .
the number of high street banks in scotland closing their doors has reached a record high , according to new research .
egypt 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter - finals were dented by a goalless draw against morocco .
brazil coach luiz felipe scolari has resigned after the confederation of african football -lrb- cbf -rrb- announced his retirement .
it 's the world 's largest sporting event in the north east of scotland where a man with motor neurone disease .
exeter chiefs moved level on points with premiership leaders wasps with a bonus - point win over sale sharks .
four companies have been shortlisted for a # 1.1 bn contract to run the metro for south wales .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has become the first mp in the uk to sign a petition against nuclear weapons .
a former metropolitan police detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a female prisoner .
plans to build a new footbridge on the river thames in london have been unveiled by the city council .
indonesia 's economy grew at an annual pace of 7 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
plans to build a new university campus in north yorkshire have been unveiled by the city 's university .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham have begun a search for a second site in cyprus .
scotland 's universities watchdog pwc has called for more action to tackle the impact of foreign students .
premiership club sale sharks have signed former wales captain mike phillips on a two - year deal from racing 92 .
a german doctor who was denied entry to the university of east berlin for her work on bhtheria has won her first degree .
topps is offering free identity protection to some of its customers after a security flaw in its computer systems .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year - old girl in birmingham .
firefighters in england and wales have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions , the government has announced .
petrochemical firm ineos has announced it is closing its plant in grangemouth to allow it to run at full prices .
world number one novak djokovic reached the semi - finals of the miami open with a 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 2 win over croatia 's ivo karlovic .
european union chief executive eric bregier has said the uk is committed to leaving the european union .
welsh labour could win the general election if the party does not win power , ukip mp jo stevens has said .
nhs trusts in england are to be given a ` ` clean - up '' under plans announced by the government .
` ` i ' ve written a horror bible , i ' m going to be a stranger . ''
top seed maria sharapova has won her first grand slam title since returning from a 15-month ban .
motherwell have signed midfielder dom thomas from motherwell on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
lego has said it will no longer run any promotional activities with the daily mail and its daily mail .
league one side gillingham have re - appointed paul taylor as manager of the league one club .
a large explosion has been carried out by rebels in the syrian city of aleppo , which has been under siege since 2012 .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has said he will look after the country 's next president , hugo chavez .
the family of a british holidaymaker killed in the tunisia terror attack have said they are ` ` devastated '' by his death .
prince philip has become the longest - serving monarch in british history , becoming the longest - serving british monarch .
the world 's longest - serving football coach , niall mckinstry , is a man who has been working in the country .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the gerry weber open in canada with a 6 - 4 6 - 3 victory over stan pospisil .
wigan athletic have signed manchester united striker ryan powell on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
more than # 500,000 was spent by guernsey 's state accounts last year , according to official figures .
a spanish judge has rejected a request by barcelona 's lionel messi to stand trial for tax evasion .
tanzania 's women 's africa cup of nations qualification hopes were ended by a 1 - 0 defeat by kenya .
it 's a big day for same - sex couples in the australian out of the country .
great britain 's mark cavendish has become the first briton to win the olympic games in rio .
it 's been a year since ed miliband asked his party 's conference conference in bridgend .
police in the australian city of melbourne say they have recruited a task force to monitor the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
japan 's nikkei closed higher on friday , boosted by the country 's ability to raise interest rates .
an autistic shop in manchester is to open its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
newcastle united manager steve mcclaren says he hopes the club 's new manager rafael benitez will stay in charge .
dog owners have been warned to avoid a ` ` severe sickness '' after they were taken ill by dogs .
a 72-year - old man has died after being hit by a car in flintshire , police have said .
there was a dramatic fall in the value of the pound against the dollar in the wake of the brexit vote .
the head of qatar 's food security programme has warned that it could be ` ` catastrophic '' for the country 's poorest countries .
a court in florida has ordered gawker media to pay $ 100,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 100,000 -rrb- in damages to its founder chris hogan .
scientists have discovered a new way to explain the shape of a tiny particle in the space of five years .
gaming experts are working on artificial intelligence -lrb- e3 -rrb- , which they say could be ready for action .
the fate of a 17th century shipwreck in the uk is to be unearthed in kent this summer .
a man who stole a woman 's handbag from a motorway bridge has been charged with murder .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march to remember teenager paige doherty who was murdered in her home town of clydebank .
actor ed herrmann , best known for playing the role of us president george gilmore , has died at the age of 82 .
a man has been charged with the murder of a mother - of - two who was found dead in a street .
former world heavyweight champion and olympic champion tyson says the idea of a change in the sport 's rules is ` ` going to happen '' .
police in washington say they have arrested a man accused of killing four people and setting fire to their home .
leicester city 's winless start to the season continued as they beat west brom at wembley .
ed miliband has said he is ` ` devastated '' by the prospect of a uk exit from the european union .
about 1,000 homes and businesses in greater manchester were left without power after the devastating floods .
south africa 's olympic athlete oscar pistorius has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend .
german carmaker daimler has apologised for failing to fix a software fix to reduce emissions .
police in the republic of ireland have seized drugs and an estimated street value of more than # 500,000 .
a council has asked a private firm to review how it can run fertility services in hartlepool .
plans to close two military sites in hampshire have been approved by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
the european commission -lrb- ufu -rrb- has announced an eu aid package for northern ireland farmers .
cornish pirates head coach gavin cattle says his side 's performance in their european challenge cup quarter - final defeat by cornish pirates was ` ` disjointed '' .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has launched an investigation after the egyptian football association was charged with assaulting yasut otogo - castane .
birmingham city ladies moved into the women 's super league one play - off semi - finals with a narrow victory over chelsea .
at least 20 people have been killed in two explosions in kenya 's capital , nairobi , police say .
plans for a housing development in north ferriby have been rejected by the government after a council refused planning permission .
moderates and reformists in iran 's parliamentary elections have been hailed as a ` ` historic victory '' .
fly - half jake ball says he is ` ` delighted '' to be fit for wales ' six nations opener against italy .
jim goodwin is to retire from alloa athletic 's coaching role at the end of the season .
denmark were knocked out of the women 's euro 2017 semi - finals by austria in a penalty shootout .
the governor of new zealand 's capital , christchurch , has declared a ` ` darkest day '' after a powerful earthquake struck the city .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been accused of using mustard gas in an attack in northern iraq .
great britain 's davis cup team will not play next weekend , the international tennis federation -lrb- ftf -rrb- has confirmed .
a man has been jailed for four years for conspiring to steal thousands of pounds of counterfeit medicine .
lewis hamilton says he is ` ` hopeful '' he can beat muhammad ali in sunday 's british grand prix .
norway 's prime minister has said he is ` ` deeply saddened '' by the recent attacks on an island on the island of utoeya .
tributes have been paid to a teacher who died after being hit by a car in monmouthshire .
the story of the zeebrugge ferry disaster that killed more than 200 people has been described as ` ` the greatest traumatising tragedy '' .
connor smith says he is ` ` open and honest '' with followers on twitter after announcing he is gay .
john o'grady has been criticised for comments he made on a tv chat show in southend .
wales scrum - half dan biggar has signed a new contract with the ospreys .
malaysian energy giant shell has called for netizens to stop posting pictures of a woman in a cardboard cutout .
french police have released the latest attacks on the paris offices of the french satirical magazine charlie hebdo .
it 's been a busy week for the first time since the uk voted to leave the european union .
israel has announced plans to replace metal detectors installed on the holy site of jerusalem 's holy shrine .
lufthansa and klm have been fined by the european commission for breaching european commission rules .
adults in the uk will vote on whether to stay in the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the rnli has offered a temporary lifeguard service to provide lifeguards at camber sands .
more trains are to be added to trains between cardiff and barry and barry , the government has announced .
west brom striker saido berahino 's hat - trick against leicester city is a ` ` huge hole '' , says manager tony pulis .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has said it is ` ` in mourning '' a member of the group who was murdered last week .
a british man who travelled to turkey to join so - called islamic state in syria has been jailed .
league two side mansfield town have signed striker scott flinders on a season - long loan from league one side cambridge united .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
new research has shown that dna and dna could be bound for future future future generations in the future .
an all - amputee team has become the first all - amputee team to row the atlantic ocean .
tamil cinema bosses in the southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- have declared a holiday on the day of his latest bollywood film .
williams test driver susie wolff has signed a two - year extension to her contract with the williams team .
bristol rovers manager darrell clarke says he is ` ` out of the door '' if the club want to sack him .
tom revell 's first - half goal earned ipswich town victory over mk dons in league one .
hollywood actress angelina jolie has been named the world 's best - known female editor .
great britain 's sarah storey has become the first female paralympian to win a world title .
donald trump 's decision to leave the white house was a ` ` major blow '' to the state department .
the wife of a sun journalist who was found with head injuries in a london tube station has said he is ` ` fully sedated '' .
a 27-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in bridgend .
johnny sexton , brian o'driscoll and brian o'driscoll will start for ireland against new zealand on friday .
a walling walling at edinburgh castle has been uncovered during work to protect the city 's defences .
india 's oldest temple has banned women from entering the inner sanctum of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the new head coach of the arizona cardinals has named danny welter as the first female player to be female .
talks aimed at averting further industrial action in the north sea have ended without agreement , the wood group has said .
china 's annual bastian festival has been held in china for the first time in more than two years .
wigan midfielder ben watson is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering a serious leg injury .
chelsea moved to within a point of the premier league title race with victory over southampton at stamford bridge .
welsh health secretary merill has said she is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the suspension of a council chief executive .
the first day of the first test against south africa was a remarkable achievement for the first time in history .
previously unseen photographs of the dambusters during world war two have been sold at auction for [ UNK ] # 2,000 .
a suspected world war two bomb has been found in the sea off the coast of portsmouth , the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has confirmed .
a three - month - old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found in a street in tallaght .
tributes have been paid to indian artist rajesh chand , who has died at the age of 82 .
sri lanka batsman kumar sangakkara has announced he will retire from international cricket at the end of the season .
hearts have unveiled plans to upgrade the main stand at tynecastle to more than 8,000 people .
a man who shone a laser pen into the cockpit of a police helicopter in glasgow has been jailed .
the chief executive of malaysian airlines , vladimir mueller , is to step down at the end of the year .
a former president of the united states has pleaded guilty to charges of bribery and money laundering in football .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani ponders nigeria 's failure to qualify for the 2017 africa cup of nations .
a new study has found that scotland 's traditional scottish accent remains ` ` thriving '' in the uk .
we asked you to send in questions about the impact of the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
us president - elect donald trump has said he is open to reappointing the country 's central bank .
the number of tigers living in the sunderbans in the wild has fallen , according to official figures .
the mother of a five - year - old boy who went missing from celtic park has said he is ` ` probably the most passionate five - year - old '' .
a taxi driver is being sought by police in connection with the attempted kidnap of a child in derby .
league one strugglers shrewsbury town were held to a goalless draw by sheffield united in league one .
in india , chess boxing has become one of the world 's best - known nations .
the mother of a 12-year - old boy who has been removed from special schools in northern ireland has told the bbc he needs a place .
comedian vicky mcclure has apologised after her name was named after a tram in nottingham .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has released a statement saying that gordon strachan 's decision to pay off the manager 's contract was ` ` flawed '' .
paul simpson has won this year 's john moores painting prize for his work on a 15th birthday .
thousands of jewish expats are taking part in the clean - up of their graves in the uk .
a joint resolution on syria 's chemical weapons has been agreed by david cameron and his us counterpart barack obama .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has resumed its offensive in deir al - zour , state media say .
the government has announced that it will give guarantees to eu nationals living in the uk to stay in the european union .
police scotland has been criticised for failing to investigate a report into the glasgow bin lorry crash which killed two people .
the mother of a man who was killed by a car has paid tribute to the ` ` light of my life '' .
derbyshire were bowled out for 172 on the first day of their county championship match against derbyshire at trent bridge .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
the head of the rugby union -lrb- royal college -rrb- says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the growing number of sacked managers .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- says it is ` ` totally off - the - scale '' to ban players from playing rugby league .
a memorial stone has been unveiled in eastbourne to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
the european commission has announced a $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.1 bn -rrb- investment in spain 's banking sector .
manchester united 's marcus rashford anderlecht reached the europa league quarter - finals for the first time since 2012 .
more than 100 motorists were stopped using their mobile phones in a police operation , the bbc has learned .
welsh secretary alun cairns has told the house of commons that ` ` lots of challenges '' are needed to wales .
brian o'driscoll has been named as ireland 's next international player , who has been called into the world .
northern ireland 's justice minister has said the government has no responsibility to deal with the legacy of the troubles .
a think tank has called for a ` ` radical overhaul '' of scotland 's skills system .
oscar - winning director tom duvernay has apologised for failing to ` ` live up '' to the diversity of the film .
prime minister david cameron has announced his intention to form a minority government in the general election on thursday .
the idea of universal basic income -lrb- ubi -rrb- is ` ` worrying '' for wales , a think tank has said .
tammy beaumont hit a century as surrey stars beat yorkshire stars by seven runs in the women 's super league .
an mp has called for the closure of the shepton mallet mill in somerset to be announced .
a train has been hit by a train in the belgian capital brussels , injuring at least three people .
robert lewandowski scored a hat - trick as poland beat romania in their euro 2016 qualifier in romania .
a survivor of the shoreham air crash which killed 11 people has been awarded a code red cross award .
sri lanka 's former defence secretary has been charged in connection with the discovery of a floating arsenal in the capital , colombo .
swansea city council has agreed a deal to buy the club 's liberty stadium from the city council .
the south bank sky arts awards have announced the shortlist for the best of british culture and achievement .
england 's world cup captain david warner 's return to the tour of new zealand has been described as ` ` absolutely unacceptable '' .
motherwell have re - signed scott pearson on a two - year contract with the indian super league .
a woman was ` ` hit with a packet of bacon '' in a facebook post , police have said .
the creator of the hit us tv show the simpsons has revealed that he is based on his own location .
a police officer who sexually assaulted and sexually assaulted a vulnerable woman has been jailed for four years . .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been accused of ` ` turning away '' fighters from the city of mosul .
the head of world football 's governing body -lrb- lfa -rrb- has said he will be barred from sitting as a member of the governing body .
former scottish secretary alistair carmichael has won a legal battle over his use of a false statement about himself .
swansea university is to build a new high - speed computer , which it says is the world 's most powerful computer .
bayern munich reached the champions league quarter - finals for the first time since 2012 as they beat manchester city .
the deputy first minister has said he believes a black beret was found in his house in londonderry .
the government is to introduce a blanket ban on so - called legal highs in england and wales .
jack o'shea 's brace helped chesterfield end a run of five straight league defeats with victory over port vale .
us secretary of state john kerry has said he will visit somalia 's capital , mogadishu .
the organisers of a documentary festival in india have said they are ` ` shocked and upset '' by the government 's decision to ban beef .
wales captain sam warburton says he will ` ` take risks '' when they face new zealand on saturday .
a conference on the future of charlie hebdo has been cancelled by the university of belfast -lrb- qub -rrb- .
the catholic church has said it is ` ` an appalling time '' to investigate the transfer of human remains from a former mother - and - baby home .
actor johnny depp is suing the management group behind his los angeles studio , claiming he has ` ` refused to live within his means '' .
great britain 's liam heath won gold in the k2 200 m kayak event in hungary .
a man accused of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a ` ` fixie '' bike has gone on trial .
a car has been stolen from a bank in glasgow after being driven at speed , police have said .
plaid cymru has won the general election in wales , taking the seat from the conservatives and plaid cymru .
if you 're back in the united states , there 's a chance that a new airport is built in vietnam .
the welsh government has been given # 5 m to pay compensation to retired firefighters who have retired since 2002 .
firefighters are tackling a large wildfire in the australian state of western australia , forcing residents to leave their homes .
plans to build a visitor centre on the site of the battle of naseby have been approved by the heritage lottery fund .
it 's a tale of two great britain 's best - known athletes , but what do you think ?
the pilot of a plane that crashed in colombia last week has been flown back to hospital , officials say .
the government has agreed to end the treatment of adult mental health patients in cornwall , it has been confirmed .
a woman was murdered by her partner and her ex - girlfriend in a ` ` sadistic killing '' , a court has heard .
a statue has been unveiled in a birmingham park to commemorate the ` ` oldest working day '' of the city 's history .
a public consultation is to begin on plans to build a new dual carriageway between oxford and oxford .
a police officer is in a critical condition in hospital after an incident involving a group of youths in essex .
more than 80 britons have signed a letter to prime minister david cameron calling for the uk to stay in a reformed eu .
a dundee university graduate from the university of glasgow is studying 3d images of people with disabilities in syria .
northern ireland 's new planning system is set to be revamped by the end of the year .
` ` i ' ve been living in the dark , '' says john lockhart , the man who has been playing rugby for the first time .
retail sales in the uk rose by 5 % in november compared with the previous month , official figures show .
the irish government is investigating the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio , which is being investigated .
ed sheeran has donated his clothes to a charity shop in a bid to raise money for charity shops .
the family of a five - year - old girl who went missing in india say they have made a fresh appeal to find her father .
two people have been rescued from a high - rise building in new york city after a cable collapsed .
the uk 's climate change policy is ` ` unsustainable '' , the head of the united nations has said .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year contract .   's manager .
gaston ramirez scored twice as middlesbrough beat bournemouth to keep their hopes of automatic promotion from the premier league .
widnes vikings have announced that jared allen will retire from professional football at the end of the season .
police are searching for a missing man who has been missing for more than a week after going missing .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges faced by young people .
a convicted murderer who absconded from prison in south yorkshire has been arrested in connection with the case .
mayor of london boris johnson has survived a high - wire stunt at london 's olympic games in rio .
zanzibar has applied to become a member of the african football federation -lrb- tff -rrb- .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme is looking at ways to tackle air pollution in syria and iraq .
adam o'brien 's late try helped salford red devils overcome hull kr in a dramatic super league game .
the author of roald dahl 's best - selling author , roald dahl , has died at the age of 82 .
a new exhibition has opened at the house of chatsworth house to mark the 80th anniversary of the birth of dame zaha .
a 17-year - old boy has been taken to hospital after a balcony collapsed in brighton city centre .
james graham is working on a tv drama about brexit in the run - up to the eu referendum .
a group of campaigners is to pay for a project to repair a key cumbrian fells .
inverness caledonian thistle manager richie foran believes the club 's relegation from the premiership is the biggest game of his career .
lancashire director of cricket ashley giles says the division one club are ` ` far from safe '' .
leicester city 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the champions league have been shattered .
the number of doping tests at the 2014 world championships in qatar has increased , according to us researchers .
britain 's andy murray reached round four of the australian open with a straight - set victory over dan evans .
the family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car in north london have paid tribute to him .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
un agencies and international organisations in eastern ukraine have been told to leave the country , the country 's foreign minister has said .
thousands of people in the uk will have to renew their tax credit cards , the government has said .
the university of oxford is to put up a series of portraits of people who have been painted on its ancient walls .
the director general of the gaelic athletic council -lrb- eamonn -rrb- , jim duffy , has called for decisive action in the future .
brexit secretary david davis has said he is ` ` absolutely right '' to guarantee wales ' interests in the interests of uk unity .
joseph clark , who was a father of three , travelled by car with friends and family members who all survived .
us president - elect donald trump has urged taiwan 's leader to congratulate him on becoming the country 's first female leader .
bus drivers in dorset and dorset are set to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay .
the us department of energy has announced plans to reinstate all staff working on its nuclear security services .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has urged his players to take responsibility for the club 's future .
the owners of cleethorpes pier have said they are ` ` not getting behind '' in a bid to buy it .
toshiba has said it will seek to return its us nuclear business toshiba toshiba toshiba 's us business .
former france defender reveillere has signed a one - year contract with the premier league club .
the nhs in england has been accused of being ` ` unfair '' by a group of doctors .
it 's a week since a teenager was left paralysed from a bridge in rhondda cynon taff .
a ` ` significant '' hoard of roman artefacts has been unearthed by archaeologists at durham university .
world number one jordan spieth 's lead at the masters is ` ` in shock '' after he lost to jordan spieth at augusta .
the government in the syrian city of homs has ordered the evacuation of rebel - held areas of the city .
at least 13 people have been killed in an attack by boko haram militants in north - eastern nigeria .
hundreds of people have marched through the streets of oxford to protest against cuts to children 's centres .
firefighters in california are battling a wildfire that has killed more than 100 people in the state of california .
conservative peer lord avebury has died at the age of 82 after a long battle with the liberal democrats .
adam lyth 's unbeaten century helped surrey secure a draw against surrey in the division one game at the oval .
a prison has been asked to look at how to tackle the growing problem of contraband in prisons .
the funeral of a mother and her daughter who were stabbed to death in oxfordshire is to take place .
china has won a landmark ruling that china 's disputed waters in the north - east china sea are unlawful .
the african football association -lrb- fufa -rrb- has said it is ` ` committed '' to paying the coach of south africa coach slaven sredojevic .
wolves moved to within a point of the league two play - off places with a 2 - 1 win over cambridge .
sussex batsman luke wells says he expects a ` ` challenge '' for the county 's county championship division one survival .
a report into the killing of russian opposition leader boris nemtsov has been published in a new report .
us secretary of state john kerry has said china is ` ` a serious concern '' over its presence in the south china sea .
two 13-year - old boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of themselves .
health inspectors have criticised nhs dumfries and galloway for failing to improve standards of care at a hospital .
the forth bridge has been awarded unesco 's world heritage status by the united nations -lrb- un -rrb- .
game of thrones actress emily christie is to reprise her role in the new series of top of the lake .
mining giant lonmin has raised $ 1bn -lrb- # 330 m -rrb- in a bid to raise funds for its share price .
a man has denied killing a father - of - two who was found dead in a carlisle street .
scientists say they have developed a new type of stick that sticks to a dead body in the body .
the authorities in south africa say they are still considering whether to put down a lion that escaped from a national park .
cuba 's president has said he will reject the us government 's policy changes to human rights .
scientists say they have found new ways of improving the way we treat people with antibiotic - related diseases .
barack obama 's bid to build a library in the us city of chicago has been submitted to the us national archive .
two men have been jailed for smuggling illegal drugs into the dark web marketplaces and selling illegal drugs .
a memorial to those who served in bomber command during world war two has been damaged by thieves who stole it .
the author of the womenstrual leave campaign , janet richardson , has died at the age of 87 .
super league side featherstone rovers have appointed former castleford and hull kr assistant coach jim duffy as their new head coach .
a mass service has been held in glasgow to mark the 75th anniversary of the earthquake that struck italy .
the conservatives have re - elected the cheshire constituency of tatton after the general election ended in stalemate .
the county cricket season gets under way in september , with the aim of reducing the number of games in division two .
the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- has defended the use of private parking on private land .
reading for pleasure helps boost the mental health of children , according to a report from the reading agency .
the uk government 's decision to leave the european union could lead to a short - term ` ` catastrophic '' decline , a leading academic has warned .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a two - year - old girl was killed in a crash .
britain 's andre greipel won stage two of the tour of britain as mark cavendish and mark cavendish finished second .
it 's been a year since the government 's plans to force all schools to become academies .
the snp has said it is ` ` in no shape '' to replace jeremy corbyn as its new leader .
the mother of a seven - year - old boy who went missing in poland has appealed for help to find him .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend told a court he thought he had been ` ` overlooked '' by her friend .
a high - profile high - profile ` ` bubble tea '' has been criticised by campaigners .
spanish prosecutors have filed charges against the former head of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , the country 's largest bank .
samsung has become the latest tech company to allow ad - blockers to be added to its web browser .
a cat has died after being poisoned by antifreeze , the rspca has confirmed , the bbc understands .
triathlete non stanford says she is ` ` very surprised '' that helen jenkins will be selected to represent great britain at the 2016 olympics .
a danish boy who was rescued by a lifeguard on a popular beach has died , his agent has said .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a tractor have said they are ` ` devastated '' by his death .
leicester secured a bonus - point win over benetton treviso to keep their premiership hopes alive .
southend united manager phil brown says he will appeal against his red card in tuesday 's league one game at southend .
league two club wycombe wanderers have signed teenage forward kadeem harris from liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
england were beaten by south africa in the first match of their tour of south africa as they were thrashed by england .
work has started on a new multi - million pound leisure centre in denbighshire which closed last month .
a court in poland has sentenced a former academic to 18 years in jail for plotting to attack parliament .
world snooker 's governing body has voted in favour of scrapping the shoot out event in china .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked in torfaen .
three people have died in a hot heater camp in greece , the international rescue committee has said .
former rangers manager barry ferguson says he is ` ` not ready '' to manage at ibrox .
the mexican government has announced that it will increase the maximum prison sentence for kidnappings in the country .
the mother of a woman who died after being tasered by a man with a stun - gun has told an inquest .
silverstone says it will continue to host the british grand prix at the end of the season after the sport 's decision to end its contract .
sunderland have agreed a deal to sign argentine midfielder alex scocco on a four - year deal .
hearts leapfrogged kilmarnock into second place in the scottish premiership with victory over hearts .
a us radio station has apologised after it was hacked by a user 's bugging platform .
a 28-year - old man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room .
status quo guitarist rick parfitt has died at the age of 82 , his manager has confirmed .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been named the club 's new manager for the first time .
an investigation is under way after a man was killed in a collision with a motorcycle in east sussex .
cbbc is to launch a new version of the chart show , which will be played on sunday .
a woman has been sexually assaulted in a street in glasgow city centre , police have said in a bid to find witnesses .
the conservatives have signed a letter criticising the government 's plans to reform the nhs in england .
forest fires in the amazon region have been caused by a change in the way the system is managed .
archaeologists in south africa say they have unearthed what they say was the earliest known prehistoric settlement ever found .
thousands of uk workers have made daily commutes more than two years ago , official figures show .
a team of researchers in the us say they have ` ` no choice '' when they are left alone for 15 minutes .
richard richard richard , the founder of the self - proclaimed magazine , has died at the age of 82 .
a group of people with learning difficulties and learning difficulties have taken part in an arts festival in wrexham .
a cleaner has been suspended by nhs lothian over claims he breached medical records by answering a patient 's name .
a former glamis hall in north yorkshire has reopened after a campaign to save it from closure .
a blood test for ovarian cancer in the early stages of the year has been suggested by us researchers .
tranmere rovers have signed former tranmere rovers defender gary anderson on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
great britain 's geraint jung has become the first briton to win an olympic medal at the grand slam .
lewis hamilton says mclaren 's new ` halo ' device will not be introduced in the wake of the death of his son .
plans to allow local authorities to stream council meetings have been backed by the welsh government to allow them to stream them .
it 's been a week since david cameron 's resignation as prime minister , the bbc understands .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has said the scottish government is ` ` no better or worse off '' .
mcdonald 's has been accused by european union leaders of ` ` abusing '' its dominant market position .
the founder of the royal academy of music , sir neville , has died at the age of 86 .
tributes have been paid to footballer peter corrigan , who has died at the age of 82 .
dog owners could be banned from playing parks in oxford under new plans being considered by the city council .
oxford united midfielder callum kenny has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club . .
a three - year - old boy has died in a farm accident in county fermanagh . .
police in the us state of iowa are searching for a man who was shot dead by two police officers .
an app that allows users to send messages of ` ` yo '' messages to users has been discovered by its developers .
the world 's longest - reigning tunnels have been opened to the public for the first time .
singer - songwriter gerry rafferty has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed .
a group of liverpool football club is to hold a meeting with the families of the victims of the hillsborough disaster .
edrington co - founder jim gillies is to take over as chairman of edrington group .
a teenager from aberystwyth is preparing to work on a train and train train train .
tributes have been paid to the late russian journalist mikhail tsilikin , who was murdered in st petersburg .
the length of exercise people 's lives could be increased by 30 minutes a day , a study suggests .
at least 14 people have been injured in a gas explosion in a village in southern spain , local media report .
a new music studio in north - west england has been opened to the public for the first time .
rail passengers are being warned to expect disruption to their journeys as part of a major upgrade to the winchburgh railway .
the chief executive of a hospital trust which has been criticised by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- has resigned .
germany 's deutsche bank has said it would be a ` ` big test '' if the conservatives win the eu referendum .
a british man has been found dead in myanmar , the foreign office has confirmed , the bbc understands .
at least eight people have been killed in clashes between pro - russian rebels and pro - russian rebels in eastern ukraine .
too many schools in england are being allocated places for school admissions , says a report by the education inspector .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister in a house fire which left them with extensive burns .
derry city came from behind to beat bohs and move up to second in the premier division table .
a man who fled to the uk after being convicted of killing two albanian men has been jailed for seven years .
league one side leyton orient have signed chesterfield striker ouagadou on a free transfer for an undisclosed fee .
wearable gadgets are on the market for the first time in more than two years , according to a new report .
thousands of motorists are expected to travel to wales later this weekend as the easter holidays getaway .
ferrari 's kimi raikkonen headed a ferrari one - two in final practice at the belgian grand prix .
richard keogh 's first game in charge of derby county ended in defeat as they beat grimsby .
a 19-year - old man who raped a 15-year - old girl has been jailed for 12 years .
dundee stars head coach marc lefebvre says he is ` ` proud '' of his squad after a two - year absence .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in the annual gay pride parade in central london , marking the start of the year .
west ham have signed a deal with the club 's women 's team to work with the women 's side .
a children 's charity has received two nominations for this year 's bafta children 's awards .
a man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house in the highlands and setting fire .
plans to build a new visitor centre on the humber bridge have been submitted to the council 's council .
the queen 's speech has set out a ` ` power grab '' for scotland after brexit .
a new 3d - printed paper has been released by the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- .
bbc sport wales 's live - streaming programme has been broadcast live on bbc radio wales as they beat wales 2 - 0 .
jules bianchi 's father says he is ` ` confident '' that he will not give up on his recovery from a serious head injury .
it was meant to be a dream come true for the england legends when they were bowled out by a group of youngsters .
prince harry has visited a children 's home in the south african state of lesotho to help raise funds for charity .
the police and crime commissioner for bedfordshire has said he is ` ` worried '' about the impact of policing .
an inquiry is to be held into claims of ` ` serious and unfounded '' abuse by avon fire authority .
league two side morecambe have signed southend united striker shaun edwards on a two - year contract .
police in the eastern indian city of chennai -lrb- police -rrb- say they have arrested a man suspected of killing his wife .
oldham athletic manager karl robinson is confident he can clear the club 's transfer embargo on tuesday .
saracens director of rugby chris barritt says the club 's premiership title hopes are a ` ` new chapter '' .
a rare skeleton of a tyrannosaur has been sold at auction in new york for the first time .
police in the us city of dallas say they have stepped up security at the headquarters of the police department .
a group of senior military commanders have urged the government to rethink the uk 's defence review over the loss of british troops .
f1 driver maria de villota is in a critical condition after being seriously injured in a crash .
artist hans ` ` obrist '' obrist has topped a list of the world 's most influential art critics .
plans to cut legal aid in england and wales have been unveiled by the uk 's top law officer .
police in the southern indian city of bangalore have arrested four people trying to sell a rare ` ` twoheaded '' snake .
sydney 's sydney opera house has become the first in the world to switch off non - essential lights .
britain 's marc pauwels won stage three of the tour de yorkshire in a sprint finish .
fifa president sepp blatter has said he is ` ` sorry '' to fifa , and ` ` not the cleverest man in the world '' .
a gambler who dismembered and dismembered a man 's body in a suitcase has gone on trial .
the remains of a man whose remains were found on a motorway are being treated as murder , police have said .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked by a van in lancashire .
ed miliband has said he will not be ` ` excluded '' from becoming prime minister .
atletico madrid head coach diego simeone has signed a new two - year contract with the spanish club .
campaigners for a regional mayor in south east wales say they are ` ` hopeful '' they will not hit the target .
former business secretary callum mcgregor has said china 's government is doing ` ` nothing wrong '' .
england 's james anderson has become the world 's most successful test bowler of all time time .
leeds united 's pep bartley says the club 's players are ` ` ready '' for their first win of the season .
a man has admitted killing an 85-year - old man who was forced into his home by police .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , boosted by mining shares .
former first minister jack mcconnell has admitted falling down a drain during a visit to malawi , according to social media .
england head coach wayne bennett 's decision to retire from rugby league is not always about the game .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a property in edinburgh .
jazz carlin has become the first welsh woman to win two olympic gold medals at the 2016 games .
stoke city manager mark hughes says he is ` ` not bothered '' by reports linking striker harry crouch with a new contract .
the first patients to receive treatment at a mental health unit in surrey will receive treatment , defence secretary michael fallon has said .
england 's hopes of reaching the final test against india were dented by a lacklustre display .
south korea 's long - awaited bid to win olympic gold in the men 's 100 kg -lrb- 56 kg -rrb- has been lifted by china .
former wales and british and irish lions scrum - half john faull has died at the age of 82 .
a scottish couple have won a # 1.5 m lottery jackpot in a bid to raise money for their children .
guiseley have signed former wrexham and wrexham defender joel bodnesford on a two - year deal .
at a prison in dumfries and galloway , a group of inmates are locked up in their own room .
england 's chris woakes and jos roland - jones have been named the world 's best all - rounder .
labour 's education secretary , lucy glass , has resigned from the party 's shadow education secretary .
a court in argentina has ordered the trial of five former military officials accused of running a secret prison .
the death of j jayalalitha , the head of an anti - corruption party in tamil nadu , is a huge blow to the political crisis .
plans to build homes on greenbelt land in greater manchester have been delayed until the end of the year .
a hospital 's decision to suspend non - essential services has been criticised by the health regulator .
the family of a prison officer killed in a bomb attack have said they are ` ` shocked and shocked '' at his death .
thousands of people have turned out to be evacuated from the edinburgh theatre after a fire alarm went wrong .
a group of people in bristol have started a campaign to get rid of their own flowers in the city .
the 100th anniversary of the sinking of a ship in world war two has been marked by the scottish government .
the last surviving member of adolf hitler 's inner circle has died at the age of 91 , the bbc has learned .
the number of people convicted of animal welfare offences in wales has doubled in a year , the rspca has said .
the number of scots seeking jobs in scotland rose by 15,000 last month , according to official figures .
manchester united 's zlatan ibrahimovic has urged fans to ` ` keep believing in the media '' after paul pogba 's goal against liverpool .
an indian woman who was forced into marriage by her husband has returned to pakistan , officials have said .
a us marine has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a transgender woman in a manila bar .
the independent inquiry into undercover policing has been granted anonymity by the high court in england and wales .
it 's been a year since five of the world 's top football teams signed a contract with the united states .
new draft guidelines on abortion for the nhs in northern ireland have been published by the department of health .
a woman has been shot dead by a group of cyclists in south - west london , police have said .
great britain 's women 's single sculls have been included in the great western team for the 2016 paralympics .
motherwell head coach christie kerr is the best female head coach in scotland , according to former scotland striker grant .
when kanu gandhi moved to an ashram in the southern indian state of maharashtra in september 1946 , he had been living in a village in the capital , delhi .
the mother of a two - year - old boy who died after being turned away from a hospital in halifax has been named .
a man has become the first person to complete a world record on a pogo stick in a world championship .
the number of people seeking help for victims of child sexual abuse in england and wales has more than trebled in five years .
scientists say they have found that the slowest ball is the best way to throw in the world .
a british firm has said it is ` ` very confident '' that a number of people have been affected by an outbreak of e. coli .
tanzania 's president kikwete has dismissed the country 's government minister over a $ 1 m donation to an energy firm .
wales coach warren gatland says his players are ` ` not whiter than whiter than white '' .
a public consultation has been held on the location of a nuclear waste dump in the south of scotland .
a drug normally used to treat type-2 diabetes could boost the life of mice , say researchers .
judy murray and judy murray have been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours list for their work in scotland .
a police watchdog has launched an investigation into the death of a 72-year - old man in inverness .
it 's been a year since the start of the year , and it 's time that time of year .
paisley has been named the most deprived areas in scotland , according to official official figures from the scottish government .
joe allen 's football skills are helping to keep the balance of his life after spending time in training .
a new law has come into force in russia to protect the internet from ` ` cheating '' .
a man who bludgeoned his four - week - old baby boy to death in lancashire has been jailed .
more than 50 passengers were evacuated from a coach travelling on the m6 toll after a security alert .
a plan to redevelop junior doctors in england to cover the shortage of staff has been backed by a think tank .
netflix has said it will not air a special on the us comedian who claims he sexually assaulted her .
norbrook , the co - founder of norbrook , has been named as the newry - based company 's new chairman .
george osborne is to leave hospital in new zealand after suffering a serious head injury during saturday 's grand national .
england 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of euro 2016 are over after qualifying for the last 16 .
the trial of the prominent republican thomas ` slab ' murphy has been adjourned until next year .
a 16-year - old boy who murdered a teenager at an aberdeen school has been given an extended jail sentence .
two men have been jailed for grooming a teenage girl into prostitution with men who groomed her into prostitution .
the board of british racing has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the future of the silverstone circuit .
the bbc 's election commission has found that a nepalese citizen is not a member of the country .
the ey item club has slashed its forecast for the uk economy in the first half of this year .
voters in merseyside are going to the polls on thursday to elect a new mp for the city .
sci - fi drama the theory of everything has been named best film at this year 's baftas .
the t20 blast quarter - final between india and india will take place in the quarter - finals .
former home secretary nick clegg has said that england and wales have the highest incarceration rate in western europe .
romania 's prime minister , ola grindeanu , has been defeated in a referendum on corruption .
barcelona say they have made a ` ` tax declaration '' to cover the cost of signing neymar .
a raccoon that escaped from a house has been rescued by an animal rescue centre , a charity has said .
the un says it is considering publishing a list of alleged war criminals to have committed war crimes in syria .
former england captain alastair cook has told bbc sport 's world cup - winning programme that he will not be taking part in the competition .
bristol rovers defender ryan broom has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club . .
sri lanka 's sports minister has ordered the authorities to investigate an offer of a bookmaker to help them win the world twenty20 .
olympic gold medallist lizzy yarnold and his wife samantha williams are all about the world 's best preserved skeleton .
scarlets have apologised after publishing a picture of wales rugby player gareth williams in a bid to end discrimination .
plans to build homes on a former airfield in surrey have been delayed by the end of the month .
venezuela 's largest airline , latam airlines , has suspended flights to the country because of currency controls .
the israeli government has accused israel of ` ` negligence and ethical challenges '' in the 2014 gaza war .
more than 100 syrian refugees have arrived in londonderry since the start of the conflict in syria .
the governor of indiana has said he will veto a controversial law that allows businesses to discriminate against gay people .
police in china have arrested 11 people in connection with a landslide that killed dozens of people in southern china .
amnesty international has criticised the eu 's proposed eu - turkey plan to resettle all syrian migrants .
turkey 's coastguard has released a picture of the bodies of a group of syrian migrants stranded on a turkish beach .
transport minister chris hazzard has announced plans for belfast 's rapid transit -lrb- tt -rrb- scheme .
shares in argos have fallen after the retailer reported a drop in sales at its home retail group .
bbc northern ireland 's spotlight programme has won the royal television society 's annual report of the year award .
the principal of a catholic school in county londonderry has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the way the school is treated .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he is ` ` responsible '' for his side 's 4 - 0 europa league defeat by sevilla .
an independent review of care homes in england is to be launched by the government to help improve standards .
pop star justin bieber has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in los angeles .
o2 and vodafone are set to meet later to discuss the process to launch 4 g services .
a ukip election candidate has apologised for suggesting the nhs should be treated for hiv .
manchester united 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals were dented as they were beaten by olympiakos .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago .
saracens head coach mark mccall has criticised scarlets ' chris skelton for ` ` lying '' in the head during the european champions cup loss to scarlets .
plans to upgrade stonehenge 's unesco world heritage site could be considered , it has been revealed .
great britain 's sarah bryony has become the first woman to win a medal at the 2016 olympics .
if you 're going to the assembly this week , you 're likely to get a pay rise .
bbc sport 's live coverage of the fa cup quarter - final at wembley will be broadcast live on bbc one .
a police officer has said he is ` ` saddened '' by the ` ` scale of the scale '' of the killing of a red kite .
edinburgh council is to set up a new working group to try to resolve a row over plans to reduce traffic congestion .
police forces in england and wales are failing to do more to respond to 999 calls , inspectors have warned .
iran 's prime minister , mahmoud ahmadinejad , has told the bbc that ` ` nobody has the right to kill '' .
a police officer in glasgow has been arrested after he was filmed singing a karaoke performance in the city centre .
britain 's alex thomson has become the first briton to win the world 's oldest race .
plans to build a # 1.5 m road in carmarthenshire have been approved by the welsh government .
belgian cyclist amy van den driessche has been given a two - month ban after being found to contain a motorcycle .
the us says it has ` ` no problem '' with russia 's warplanes in response to a russian airspace breach .
liverpool have completed the signing of manchester united midfielder jordan henderson on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the home office has criticised a lack of analysis of detainees held at the g4s detention centre .
mikheil saakashvili , the former georgian president , has died at the age of 82 .
leeds rhinos coach brian mcdermott praised the ` ` joy '' of the club 's grand final win over sydney roosters .
a man who died after taking a ` ` hallucinogenic '' drug has been named .
jewish community centres in the us have been hit by a series of hoax bomb threats , officials say .
a man who bought a ` ` green monster '' buggy on ebay has been put up for auction .
worcestershire director of cricket steve rhodes says the county 's decision to change the pitch at new road is a ` ` good thing '' .
iran 's justice minister has said plans to turn the country 's first prison into a park have been approved .
the us department of defence -lrb- aclu -rrb- is suing the pentagon for allowing women to serve in front line positions .
royal mail has reported a fall in half - year profits as it continues to raise funds for its annual results .
militants have been forced into a police station in the afghan province of lashkar gah , police say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in southern germany .
jockey scott moore is set to miss the remainder of the season after being ruled out of action for ` ` complete rest '' .
oxford 's league one promotion hopes were dealt a blow as they beat bradford at the kassam stadium .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
an inquest has been opened into the death of a teenager who was found dead in a park .
plans to devolve immigration rules to wales are ` ` toxic '' , a group of mps has said .
apple is to introduce a new policy to allow women infertile treatment to release their own eggs .
a woman who painted red and white stripes on her west london home has launched a legal challenge against the council .
the secretary of state , theresa villiers , has announced plans to give the extra borrowing powers to stormont 's civil service .
french prosecutors are investigating claims that a breast implant made by a french company has been found in a faulty breast implant .
australia 's prime minister is facing a challenge to his party 's election victory , and it 's easy to forget that he will be mauled to death .
police are investigating the discovery of hundreds of cannabis plants in a derelict warehouse in east lothian on friday .
the number of patients being cared for by mental health services in england has fallen by 10 % in a year , figures show .
wales captain chris gunter says his side are ` ` underachieved '' to qualify for euro 2016 .
a retired catholic priest has appeared in court charged with assaulting and assaulting pupils at a school in inverness .
a dundee - based computer scientist is to appear at this year 's xponorth festival .
a teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a teenager to death with a knife in south london .
northern ireland 's scott waites says he will return to action after recovering from a shoulder injury .
leicester riders are set to play in the final of the 2016 - 17 season at the sse arena .
some of the uk 's biggest brands have been accused of being a ` ` sneaky way '' by a consumer group .
an investigation is under way after a prisoner suffered serious hand injuries when he was attacked by a prisoner .
passengers are being urged to stand on a new escalator at london 's central line station .
a murder investigation is under way after a man was found dead in a londonderry flat on friday .
the vast majority of people living in a remote village in the north - eastern russian city of malakal , the bbc 's alakal .
the bbc 's geeta pandey has released a picture of a lake in india 's capital delhi .
more than 30 people have been evacuated from their homes in west lothian after a fire broke out .
the final batch of bodies found at the site of the collapsed didcot power station have been identified .
one of the world 's largest bitcoin exchanges has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the cyber - attack .
the number of women being sexually abused by men in craigavon has risen to 1,400 .
a prison where two inmates escaped from a jail has ` ` deteriorated '' , a watchdog has said .
alan campbell 's game - fixing career in the english football league has been a huge hit .
us secretary of state rex zinke has been sworn in as the new us ambassador to washington .
teachers in wales are to be offered a free school in a bid to improve the quality of teaching .
at least 140 people have been killed in an attack on an airbase in the libyan city of tripoli .
a robot that can recognise the human voice in a room has been unveiled in two hospitals in belgium .
england women 's head coach mark sampson has named four players in pre - season training ahead of euro 2017 .
manchester city moved top of the premier league with a 2 - 0 win over burnley at old trafford .
the government 's plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 has been unveiled by natural england .
manchester united midfielder victor valdes has signed a new contract with the club until the end of the season .
an investigation into a crash which left tour de france champion chris froome unable to identify his bike has been closed .
a car dealership has been badly damaged in a fire which left one of its vehicles badly damaged .
` ` it 's fair to say , '' says alex murray , the first scottish golfer to do so .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
tesco has reported a rise in sales for the three months to the end of the year , helped by its ` ` challenging market '' .
an increase in the number of leatherback turtles in wales has been described as ` ` absolutely perfect '' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a guantanamo bay prisoner has been released from the us military base in cuba , his lawyer has said .
belfast boxer michael donnelly has been knocked out of the olympic games in rio by a split decision in the quarter - finals .
the co - pilot of the cockpit of the germanwings aeroplane that crashed in the french alps has been identified by french prosecutors .
a group of influential imams in the north west has called for teachers to be trained in the classroom .
a high - speed motorway has been closed after a passenger plane crashed on the m1 in birmingham .
the us federal reserve -lrb- fomc -rrb- has raised its benchmark interest rate to 0.75 % .
a hacker has been hacked into norwich international airport 's information website , forcing passengers to access it .
a legal challenge against the scottish government 's plans to offshore wind farms has been dismissed by the court of session .
more than # 2.7 m is to be spent on improving transport and transport projects in wales .
the number of people needing help from the nhs in england has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 .
a pair of original pieces of animated film snow white have been sold at auction for more than # 10,000 .
the bbc proms is to mark the 40th anniversary of john williams 's tribute to composer john williams .
great britain 's marcus ellis and marcus langridge have become the first british pair to win olympic gold in rio .
david haye says he will pay a fine if he is to compensate tony bellew for comments he made about tony bellew .
wales ' euro 2016 campaign began on thursday with a resounding victory over france in lyon , france .
zambia 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter - finals were dented by heavy rain .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he was ordered to work on a counter - terrorism team in the event of a national emergency .
iran 's new parliament has elected a record number of female mps in the first round of elections .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says he does not want to see trouble at the bahrain grand prix .
newcastle united have signed netherlands defender daryl janmaat on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
britain 's james ward beat american john isner to reach the second round of the davis cup .
a man has been jailed for five years for abusing a three - week - old baby in edinburgh .
there are only one party in wales to win a majority in the general election , the welsh government has said .
a woman jailed for stalking her ex - girlfriend has had her minimum jail sentence reduced .
three schools in edinburgh have been temporarily closed due to safety concerns after the building collapsed during storm gertrude .
cardiff devils head coach danny bowns says the elite league 's elite league play - offs are ` ` the best team in the world '' .
aer lingus is to end its long - term service between october and september , the airline has announced .
communities secretary john swinney has defended the scottish government 's plans to drop council tax bills .
a motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a collision with a car on anglesey .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found at a beauty spot , police have said .
two men have been jailed for conspiring to steal stolen sheep worth thousands of pounds from farms .
an 18-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a woman at a railway station .
shares in brewer sabmiller have jumped after the rival 's takeover offer for rival sab was rejected .
workers at drinks giant diageo have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pensions .
the premier league has signed a new deal with us tv rights to broadcast premier league matches from next season .
people born in the early 1980s are less likely to find wealth in early 20s than other generations , a think tank has said .
a man has been found guilty of trying to steal a tv from his ex - partner 's home .
the tax affairs of footballers and celebrities are being investigated by hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- chief executive ian thompson .
a woman who took a # 10,000 loan from a belfast pensioner has been awarded # 10,000 .
forty - eight years ago , a group of influential soul group members , brought the blues to the brink of extinction .
a 34-year - old man has been jailed for five years for conspiring to fake births .
the green party has launched its general election campaign to promote a ` ` fair share '' of public services .
a # 3.5 m factory in cumbria has opened its production line for a new # 3.6 m factory .
police in pakistan have arrested two people accused of blasphemy after a christian couple were beaten to death .
ukip 's leader nigel farage has said he expects the party to make ` ` gains '' in council elections .
accrington manager chris coleman is ` ` upset '' by the football association 's handling of saturday 's league game against carlisle .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in belfast to mark the city 's pride festival .
comedian scott quince has told the bbc that regional theatre is ` ` not self - financing '' .
the european cup final will be staged in cardiff for the first time in more than 30 years , but it has been a dream come true .
sheffield wednesday midfielder tom wildsmith has signed a new contract with the league one club until the end of the season .
shares in cyprus fell on monday after the country 's bailout deal was struck by fears of a possible greek bailout .
the number of people arrested on suspicion of drinking alcohol on board a uk airport has more than doubled in the past year .
sri lanka 's authorities are investigating the plight of women who are being held in saudi arabia by saudi arabia .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has settled her case with the force after she was suspended for gross misconduct .
police are investigating allegations of electoral fraud at the tower hamlets mayoral election in the city on 8 june .
england 's tommy fleetwood shot a nine - under - par 62 to move into second place at the us open .
a photographer who took pictures of the hibernian festival has gone on display for the first time .
a woman has been found guilty of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in edinburgh .
mexico 's attorney - general has sacked his daughter after she was forced to close a restaurant in mexico .
the un 's human rights council has said it is looking at ` ` significant improvements '' to its membership .
the head teacher of humberside police has written to the chief constable of the force to ask head teachers to change their rules .
a lorry driver has been caught using his mobile phone during an operation to stop people using their phones .
the speaker of parliament , sir kevin branson , has been asked to investigate claims he breached house of commons rules .
turkey 's government has announced plans to set up a new law to protect the country from violent protests .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of preparing for a counter - terrorism operation in berkshire .
a time capsule has been unearthed by workmen at a bridge in the highlands more than 100 years ago .
the bodies of five people killed in a helicopter crash in gwynedd have been identified by police .
a fish that was rescued from a flooded shopping centre has been found in a bath after being rescued .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on wednesday , boosted by a rise in oil prices .
plans for a statue to be erected in memory of former england manager graham taylor have been announced by watford .
the government 's education policy is ` ` unfair '' , the head ofsted has said .
team sky 's sir dave brailsford says he is ` ` not proud '' of the way he dealt with an anti - doping scandal .
a teenager has been found guilty of preparing to commit acts of terrorism with intent to kill a soldier .
a labour mp is to criticise the party 's support for the uk to remain in the eu .
more than 200 people have been evacuated from their homes in banda aceh after an earthquake hit the north - eastern indonesian province .
` ` i do n't need to know what you do , '' says james taylor .
as india 's economy continues to grow , the bbc 's geeta pandey assesses the impact of growth in india 's single economy .
the story of jane austen 's pride and prejudice is to go on display for the first time .
costa concordia has reported a rise in profits in the three months to the end of the year , despite the sinking of a ship .
nhs grampian has been told to improve standards of care for older people in accident and emergency units .
harlequins reached the quarter - finals of the european challenge cup with victory over harlequins .
relatives of the victims of a fire at a nursery in the mexican city of hermosillo have asked a judge to issue warrants for the arrest warrants .
a major road in manchester has been closed after a sinkhole opened up on a busy city centre street .
netflix has become the first us firm to launch its own service in more than 20 years , the company has announced .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` delighted '' to reshuffled his front bench for the first time .
a group of teenage girls and boys are to be recruited by gloucester cathedral to boost their singing skills .
surrey police has been criticised by the home secretary for failing to protect vulnerable people in the fight against organised crime .
mae cynllun i feddygon teulu yng nghymru yng nghymru yn cael eu meddygon .
a man has gone on trial accused of posting a ` ` dirty look '' on social media .
kenya 's supreme court has ruled that the government will not be able to print ballot papers for elections .
ukip is ` ` at a crossroads '' with the party 's leadership , ex - leader andrew banks has said .
a fishing trawler has been rescued off the coast of holyhead after falling into the water .
five people have been charged over alleged misuse of a police helicopter which was used to film people .
the vice chancellor of a uk university has called for a ` ` radical change '' in tackling extremism .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he was ` ` ready '' for his side 's 2 - 0 win over manchester united .
labour mp victoria thornberry has apologised after posting a picture of her constituency with a cross of red cross .
the sale of ferguson 's shipbuilders has been completed by scottish businessman james mccoll .
france 's prime minister has said the ` ` worst '' concentration camp in europe can be prevented .
british businessman jamie sarao has appeared in court charged with manipulating the us dow jones market , in the first such trial .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car while riding on a dual carriageway .
a gene defect linked to male infertile may be hampering the ability to produce sperm , researchers say .
funding cuts for adult social care in england are ` ` not sustainable '' , a report says .
in our series of letters from african journalists , mannir dan ali explains how the relationship with robots is changing .
researchers in the czech republic have produced a series of remarkable experiments that can predict the formation of sand .
two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of masked men in flintshire .
the european commission has condemned the appointment of former european commission president manuel barroso as ` ` shameful '' .
more than 20,000 people have taken part in an exhibition of bristol 's city centre .
tributes have been paid to a former glamorgan cricket player who has died at the age of 82 .
a man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children who were hit by a car in leeds .
carmaker volkswagen has said it will not invest in some of its cars in the next few weeks .
southampton manager claude puel says he wants to sign netherlands midfielder virgil van dijk on a free transfer .
johnston press has reported a pre - tax profit rise in the first quarter of the year , helped by a reduction in advertising costs .
hundreds of buses are expected to take part in the rush - hour upgrade of the great western railway line .
a survivor of the hillsborough disaster has told the inquests he did not see a boy who helped save his life .
nine children have been taken to hospital after a ` ` large slide '' at a dorset carnival .
a california man has been sentenced to 16 years in jail for killing 18 cats and injuring more than 20 others .
ireland 's women 's hockey team lost 4 - 0 to wales in the quarter - finals of the world league 2 .
silverstone chairman christian horner has criticised the decision to allow silverstone to host the british grand prix .
northern ireland is in a global race for investment and jobs , secretary of state theresa villiers has said .
james mcclean and darren randolph have been named in the republic of ireland squad for the world cup qualifier against mexico .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower on friday , as oil prices fell , dragged down by falls .
a man in his 30s has been attacked by a gang of masked men who broke into a house in antrim .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found in a street in north - east london .
the government 's plans to scrap bursaries for student nurses in england are to be scrapped .
england 's paul dufner shot a three - under - par 66 to take a two - shot lead into the final round of the arnold palmer invitational .
when i first started the first test at the oval in 1997 , i knew that i would be watching the game .
a convicted drug dealer has been jailed after hiding thousands of pounds of secret banknotes in his home .
great britain 's geraint jung has won the grand slam for the first time since records began in 1973 .
the us ambassador to the united states has praised the ` ` special relationship '' between the us and the uk .
the national trust has announced a shortlist of six ` ` great talent '' for the restoration of a victorian mansion .
police in iran have arrested a group of young iranians in connection with a youtube video appearing to show them dancing to a song .
the tour de france will be investigated by the governing body of cycling after an incident involving a race leader .
three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the a34 in oxfordshire .
a building at the university of aberdeen is to be closed after asbestos was found in asbestos in its roof .
police in brazil 's capital , sao paulo , have begun a second operation to clear the main streets of the city .
peru 's president , ollanta humala , has said he is committed to the country 's ` ` great transformation '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower on friday , with the dow jones index closing down .
the irish government 's request for the release of a dublin man accused of inciting violence in egypt has been backed by the irish defence minister .
connacht moved level on points with pro12 leaders connacht with a hard - fought victory at the ospreys .
a selection of pictures of the everyday everyday everyday tasks has been put on show at a festival in brighton .
leeds rhinos came from behind to beat st helens and move into the super league play - offs .
conservative candidate zac goldsmith has won the contest to become london 's next mayor , the party has announced .
two people have been killed in a collision between a car and a car in norway , police say .
the inquest into the death of poppi worthington has been adjourned until further notice .
a russian football fan has been expelled from france after travelling to france for a euro 2016 match against wales .
the bbc 's spending in london rose by # 4.6 bn in the first three years , according to the corporation .
a court in the russian capital , moscow , has sentenced opposition leader alexei navalny to five years in jail .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader jim murphy has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the party 's leadership .
great britain 's elite league squad has been included in the squad for the 2018 winter olympics in belfast .
a desk and chair belonging to charles dickens have been bought by the national heritage fund for the first time .
in the small village of parc cadeau in the dominican republic , the bbc 's grant grant looks at the plight of haitians .
soldiers serving in afghanistan could lose their jobs unless they apply for redundancy , campaigners have said .
south sudan 's president gianni infantino has officially opened the country 's football association -lrb- conmebol -rrb- .
british number one johanna konta 's hopes of reaching the us open semi - finals ended with a straight - set defeat .
the lion king is to be added to a list of 25 new additions to the national library of lincoln .
there have been much talk about the history of modern life in northern ireland , and it 's not long ago .
the scottish government has apologised after a deal between a chinese consortium and chinese companies collapsed .
the un says it has seen a ` ` worrying shift '' in efforts to eradicate opium poppy fields in afghanistan .
hull city forward nick clucas has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
a man who raised more than $ 2,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 6,000 -rrb- in savings to fund cancer treatment in yemen has said he is ` ` too much to walk away '' .
scientists have developed a system that can track precisely precisely precisely how the mood of the sun is measured by the sun .
the number of ams from wales could be offered a bigger role in the assembly , a think tank has said .
the european court of justice -lrb- eaw -rrb- -lrb- is -rrb- , the european commission has announced .
the ceasefire brokered by the us and the united states has ended in effect on the syrian conflict .
police in london have seized drugs worth more than # 30,000 in a raid in dublin .
a public consultation is under way on plans to build a travellers ' site in powys to meet standards .
as the swiss government considers the country 's ` ` free movement of people '' , the bbc 's geeta pandey reports .
league two side colchester united have signed colchester united striker jon guthrie for an undisclosed fee , reported to be # 2 m .
as hong kong 's first female pro - democracy party , amy yau has become one of china 's most powerful politicians .
hull fc ran in seven tries as they thrashed catalans dragons in the opening game of the super league season .
four people have appeared in court in chicago accused of beating a young black teenager to eat toilet water .
britain 's lizzie armitstead and lizzie armitstead won stage four of the women 's tour .
the number of people charged for plastic bags in england has increased by more than a million in the past year .
two men have been charged in connection with the rape and rape of a woman in sunderland on friday .
christian wade scored two tries as premiership leaders wasps secured a bonus - point win over worcester at the ricoh arena .
shares in mainland china fell on wednesday after the country 's first minister , janet yellen , said that china 's share prices fell .
sci - fi starring adam pratt has become the first us actor to win $ 200 m -lrb- # 113 m -rrb- in its opening weekend .
a british military officer accused of sexually assaulting a ugandan woman has told a court she was ` ` very drunk '' .
a scooter driver has been jailed for four years for killing a scooter player and injuring his friend .
dundee 's waterfront regeneration project has been given the go - ahead by the city 's council .
a letter written by john lennon is to be auctioned in april , after being sold at auction .
a woman has spoken of the ` ` horrifying '' scenes of jewellery stolen from her home .
plans to repair a coastal railway line which was severely damaged by storms have been submitted to network rail .
an assembly committee has defended the decision to reject a # 31 m deal to buy timber from a tree firm .
a grant of more than # 100,000 has been awarded to a church in herefordshire .
a father who took his daughter to holiday in term - time has won a legal battle over term - time holidays .
prime minister david cameron 's tax affairs appear to be the subject of a debate about how to avoid inheritance tax .
a street in hull has been turned down a pavement to help blind and partially sighted people in the city .
scientists say they have found that the brains of bees are being damaged by exposure to two pesticides .
a brewery has banned a group of bikers from its pubs because they are not a ` ` protected group '' .
the new police and crime commissioner -lrb- pccs -rrb- has announced he will not be re - elected .
the scottish government has published a new code to stop and search people suspected of carrying an illegal item .
a burmese military plane has crashed in the southern state of mandalay , killing 12 people , officials say .
more than 1,000 people have been left without power after heavy rain caused widespread flooding in northern germany .
more than 30,000 fans travelled to hillsborough for the first time in 30 years , an inquest has heard .
a leading campaigner has said he is ` ` too conscious '' that he has changed his stance on assisted dying .
the former chief executive of a company run by a group of whistleblowers has been criticised by the bbc .
former girls aloud singer louise walsh is to sing one vision for team gb with alfie boe .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was shot and stabbed in warwickshire .
in the wake of last week 's terror attack in the canadian province of montreal , there was a sense of anger .
nigeria 's army says it has detained the families of children abducted by boko haram militants .
the president of the european union has said he would be ` ` zero '' if the conservatives remain in power .
mansfield town striker matt green says he turned into an ` ` unhappy player '' at the club .
the number of motorcyclists killed on london 's roads last year has risen , according to transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
a brazilian football player has been banned for four years for attacking a referee during a match in porto .
boreham wood have signed bristol rovers forward tyler lucas on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a long - running street protest in the thai capital bangkok .
the information commissioner 's office -lrb- ppi -rrb- says it is concerned about the growing number of people contacting their pensions .
rangers have signed stoke city striker craig gordon on a season - long loan deal for the rest of the season .
this week 's us presidential debate will take place on sunday , and it 's time for the first time .
in the centre of the ottoman empire , the first of its kind in the country 's counter - terrorism campaign , the bbc 's fethullah gulen has been given a rare glimpse of what they see as a landmark in turkey .
images of star wars : the firth of forth have been released to mark the start of the year .
a dedicated hedgehog officer has been named as the uk 's first ` ` dedicated '' officer .
kent paceman sam northeast 's career - best 120 helped division two leaders essex to a draw against kent .
the number of nursing and midwife posts being unfilled in scotland is at its highest level .
four police officers have been injured in a ` ` reckless behaviour '' during a raid on a shop in central london .
a man who died in an explosion in a house was ` ` like an aeroplane crash '' , an inquest has heard .
firefighters in chile have been battling a series of forest fires in the north - eastern region .
british number one johanna konta says she has a ` ` massive amount of time to grow '' after reaching the wimbledon quarter - finals .
sunderland manager dick advocaat has left the club by mutual consent after eight months in charge .
more than 3,000 people are now known to have been evacuated from a volcano in guatemala .
the uk 's first ` ` shared ownership '' scheme in the uk has been launched by the government .
a man who posted abusive comments about a toddler who was found dead in a wood has been jailed for six years .
british number two andy murray says he is ` ` worried '' about his wimbledon match against andy murray .
a scottish farming company has reported a rise in profits to # 1.5 m in the year to june .
more than 13,000 places are to be created at a school in surrey to cope with a funding gap .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has agreed to lead an investigation into the sale of northern ireland property .
an assembly committee has warned that a ` ` seamless '' border between northern ireland and ireland could lead to job losses .
george wo n't be a big fan in the middle of a shopping mall in the us .
the creator of superted , richard young , has died at the age of 82 , his family have announced .
the prince of wales has released images of a crocodile that was removed from a harbour in northern australia .
one of russia 's most prominent media tycoons , alexei navalny , has been found dead at his home in moscow .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after he was arrested at his home in london .
a conservation charity is helping to reintroduce the last known sighting of an otter in scotland .
nato and nato have agreed on a plan to end the transition of afghanistan 's wardak province .
romelu lukaku scored twice as everton came from behind to beat west brom at the hawthorns .
new zealand 's former prime minister john key has announced he will step down in december , the party has announced .
a hawk jet pilot was airlifted to hospital after getting help from a wingman during a training exercise .
a great - grandmother has recreated a special event to celebrate jk rowling 's birthday .
the earnings of crime members in the 1950s are higher than previously thought , according to a new study .
raith rovers remain in the league one play - off places after a goalless draw with montrose .
chelsea manager antonio conte 's performance in the 2 - 1 draw with liverpool at stamford bridge is a huge inspiration for the premier league .
a jihadist group affiliated to al - sharia has announced it is to launch a series of attacks in yemen .
a judge in brazil has lifted a temporary halt on building work on a dam in the amazon jungle .
house prices in the uk fell to their lowest level in more than a decade , official figures show .
the mother of a canadian family who escaped from their home in the early hours of tuesday has spoken of their relief .
the british and irish lions coach graham flower and ian bell - drummond have been praised by the national team .
a mother and daughter from derry have become the first female umpire to take part in a senior cricket match .
ben murdoch - masila scored two tries as castleford came from behind to beat salford red devils .
more than 1,000 potholes are being pumped into potholes in a bid to cut the number of potholes .
helen glover hopes her return to the gb team for this year 's world championships in amsterdam will be ` ` important '' .
plans to regenerate a pembrokeshire town 's waterfront have been unveiled by the council in principle .
security at the houses of parliament are to be overhauled after a security breach , the metropolitan police has said .
rory mcmanus scored twice as morton came from behind to beat alloa athletic in league one .
great britain 's men 's foil team won gold in the men 's individual epee in rio .
a new stretch of the a9 between the a9 and berriedale braes has been published .
a convicted drug dealer who spent two years on the run has been released from jail after being arrested on suspicion of drugs offences .
nigeria coach stephen keshi has been sacked by the national football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- .
a russian conductor has staged a concert in the ancient city of palmyra in protest against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
donald trump 's campaign for the us presidency has been ` ` exceptionally hostile '' , according to the eiu .
plans to redevelop one of london 's oldest lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- venues have been approved .
the russian military says it has found that turkey 's actions in its response to last month 's shooting of a russian warplane .
widnes vikings have confirmed they will continue using an artificial pitch in the super league on saturday .
plans to reorganise two pembrokeshire secondary schools have been approved by councillors in the town .
police have searched a property in carmarthenshire as part of an investigation into the westminster attack .
blackberry has reported better - than - expected profits for the three months to the end of march .
police scotland has defended its policy of dealing with the ` ` serious concerns '' of police officers .
a pilot scheme to tackle illegal parking outside a school has been halted after a bbc investigation found it had no tickets .
scotland 's athletes have qualified for this year 's world indoor championships in glasgow , canada and northern ireland .
the uk 's milk industry is changing its rules on the amount they can produce , but it has been announced .
organisers of a children 's holiday park have apologised for the ` ` devastating '' closure of the event .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has apologised to the campaign 's campaign campaign in the us state of iowa , calling him ` ` corrupt '' .
a report into the death of toddler liam gross has been opened by a social worker in edinburgh .
the christmas celebrations are under way in the north - western town of bethlehem , where the virgin mary was born .
a teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of affray after an altercation with a machete .
pro - ukrainian activists in the ukrainian region of eastern ukraine say they have created a series of ` ` virtual warfare '' .
there are ` ` big variations '' in how hospital patients are treated with sepsis , the welsh government has said .
a parade to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo has taken place in london to mark its 150th anniversary .
nigeria 's military says it is ` ` shocked '' that the death toll from the boko haram islamist insurgency is rising .
the prime minister has said there is a ` ` major national investigation '' into the use of cladding on high - rise towers .
a 12-sided version of the royal mint 's new # 1 coin is to be introduced in october .
when zinedine zinedine zidane was sacked as real madrid manager , the spanish club 's owners are now on the verge of reaching the top flight .
a man has won a court battle against a police firearms licence after posting abusive messages on facebook about islam .
the uk government has been accused of not doing enough to protect people from unlawful death by the security forces .
greece 's new democracy party has won the general election , taking the country 's main opposition to a new government .
stoke city defender lee johnson has signed a new two - year contract extension with the league one club .
a man accused of attacking a newspaper editor with acid has told a court he was ` ` more distressed '' .
glasgow warriors fly - half jonny gray has signed a new three - year contract with the pro12 club .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death outside a pub in north london .
a woman has died after being hit by a train on a dual carriageway , police have said .
england captain mandy van den berg has signed a new contract with liverpool ladies , keeping her at the club until 2020 .
andrew johnston 's second - half goal earned kilcoo a 1 - 9 win over kilcoo in the ulster sfc final .
the wedgwood museum 's collection has been sold to a campaign to raise funds for its pension protection fund .
south sudan 's president has sacked all of his ministers , including his deputy , as the government continues to struggle .
there 's no protection from the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
the fbi has said it is ` ` concerned '' about apple 's plan to allow police forces to access data on mobile devices .
bristol rovers have given new contracts to jack kirby , ross gumbs and lee lee lee kexton .
welshman liam evans won the wbo super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over george ormond .
a man has been jailed for five years after admitting submitting a series of false vat claims .
london - based student george amara has been told he is ` ` devastated '' to stay in the uk .
a cardiff - based software firm has won a multi - million pound grant from the welsh government .
a 42-year - old man has died after being found unconscious in a block of flats in paisley .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has been accused by a leading human rights group in a new report .
a community pub has been awarded a uk - wide award for its ` ` outstanding '' community support .
china has pledged to work with the us to tackle north korea 's nuclear crisis , in response to growing tension .
china is one of the world 's fastest - growing economies , and it has been one of china 's oldest economies .
the government has announced a new tax on all of the uk 's biggest banks , which is due to begin on monday .
ross county have signed lithuania international goalkeeper sernas on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
venezuela 's national assembly has been suspended after a power cut led to power cuts caused power cuts .
an 83-year - old woman has died after being hit by a bin lorry in edinburgh .
the rolling stones bassist bill richards says he is ` ` excited '' about the future of the band .
more than half of children in england do not have the freedom of their local area , a study suggests .
india 's prime minister narendra modi and his us counterpart narendra modi have taken part in a speech in delhi .
england wing anthony watson has been named in the european champions cup squad to face italy in dublin on friday .
a uk - based drone - maker has developed software that could help pilots in the next few years .
arsenal midfielder xhaka has been charged with racially abusing a member of staff at heathrow airport .
britain 's james spencer has won the bbc sports personality of the year show for the first time .
wales head coach warren gatland says his side ` ` did not want to make excuses '' after their world cup exit against south africa .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
england fly - half nick abendanon says the rugby football union has made him a better player .
partick thistle were held to a goalless draw by ross county in their scottish premiership game at firhill .
miniature human kidneys could be used to grow into a scaffold , according to us researchers .
hearts head coach ian cathro says he is ` ` very happy '' to sign jamie walker .
olympic champion greg rutherford has become the first briton to win the great city games in his career .
the first all - out strike by junior doctors in england in a dispute over emergency cover has begun .
it 's a tale of a new generation of welsh mps who have been given the chance of getting lost in parliament .
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend has confirmed that his team will take on edinburgh at the end of the season .
grand theft auto v has been delayed for the first time since its release date was due to be released .
a cross - party group of mps is to launch an inquiry into the government 's handling of the eu referendum .
an investigation into historical child abuse in north wales has been launched by the national crime agency -lrb- npcc -rrb- .
a bus had to be removed from a village after it became wedged in a field , it has emerged .
the head of the garda -lrb- irish police -rrb- in the republic of ireland has said it will be a ` ` priority '' for the police .
a cat has been reunited with his owner after a two - year - old girl 's cat was stolen .
a birmingham free school has been rated ` ` outstanding '' by prime minister david cameron , following a report by ofsted .
cardiff city midfielder lee hoilett has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club .
derby county manager nigel clough says the club have not ruled out signing former derby county and england under-21 midfielder stuart barker .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has scrapped its plan to pull out of the high court in south africa .
police scotland has apologised to a former pupil who claims of historical abuse at a scottish school .
two people were taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in north - east england .
the un has concluded that the use of sarin ` ` sarin '' or ` ` nerve - like '' nerve - filled explosive substance '' .
a list of the uk 's oldest trees has been selected for this year 's european competition .
venezuela has condemned the detention of a prominent journalist on the island of espirito santo -lrb- ngos -rrb- .
staff at one of northern ireland 's oldest dairies are to lose their jobs , the company has confirmed .
microsoft has offered free access to some of the new xbox 's most highly - anticipated films .
germany were knocked out of the women 's euro 2017 quarter - final after losing 2 - 1 to denmark .
derby county ended ipswich 's three - game losing run in the championship with a 3 - 0 victory .
the family of a texas woman who hanged herself in a prison cell have said she was ` ` mentally fine '' .
united states ryder cup captain davis love has named a team of vice - captains for next week 's event in iowa .
children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to need hospital care than other children , a study has found .
a huge sinkhole has opened up on the outskirts of the brazilian city of rio de janeiro , creating a large sinkhole .
hungary is one of the oldest countries in the european union , which has seen its post - independence history .
a man has been jailed for nine years for plotting to smuggle guns into the uk from amsterdam .
a scottish woman who was arrested in peru after being caught with cocaine in the uk has been released from prison .
nigeria 's military says it is launching a campaign to rid the country of boko haram militants .
chelsea captain john terry has been given a one - match touchline ban after being sent off for a second yellow card .
the white house has said it is ` ` going banana '' after a judge issued a temporary order against the us government 's immigration policy .
mobile phone boxes are being installed in london 's capital 's first mobile phone box , as part of a scheme to encourage users to use .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson has criticised his side 's defensive style after their 2 - 0 loss at tranmere .
welsh mixed martial arts fighter jade jones would be a ` ` amazing contribution '' to the sport , according to former olympic gold medallist brett johns .
a multi - million pound shopping centre in newport is set to open after a # 1 m investment .
the us space agency 's new horizons probe has begun its first flyby of pluto , with the aim of reaching the dwarf planet .
england 's jason day won the arnold palmer invitational by one shot in the final round of the tournament in florida .
a canadian man has been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle drugs into the us , officials say .
india 's economy grew faster than expected in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
police are investigating the alleged racist abuse of a football fan who was arrested in londonderry on saturday .
ipswich town manager graham taylor says he has no plans to turn things around the club 's fortunes .
aberdeen , edinburgh and edinburgh are among the most likely cities in the uk to suffer from brexit .
thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes in the north - east of nepal after a devastating earthquake .
plans to redevelop two high - rise flats in grimsby have been approved by the council .
more than 100 cannabis plants have been found in a field in county tyrone .   's largest garden .
england 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the world twenty20 ended in defeat by sri lanka in chennai .
nigerian president goodluck jonathan has said he is ` ` extremely distraught '' after meeting families of girls abducted by islamist militants .
a man who murdered a shopkeeper in glasgow has been jailed for life for the murder of a shopkeeper .
scientists are being asked to send photos of a ` ` happy bees '' to help them understand why they are from .
leeds rhinos maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over warrington .
a group of baby otters have been released back into a wild animal sanctuary in florida , usa .
a lawyer in the canadian city of winnipeg has been charged with attempting to murder his ex - wife .
mexico 's finance minister , carlos videgaray , has been sacked by the department of social development .
previews and team news for the weekend 's league one play - off quarter - final between chelsea and middlesbrough .
a handwritten letter by author george lewis has been sold at auction for # 1,000 .
the queen has said she was ` ` seriously neglected '' by chinese police during the state visit to china .
a report into the shoreham air crash in which 11 men were killed has said the safety of the jet is ` ` flawed '' .
a search is under way for a ` ` missing '' ticket holder for a national lottery draw .
welsh tory leader andrew rt davies has said he does not think the eu referendum result could be won .
french footballer karim benzema has been placed under formal investigation for alleged links to a 1999 blackmail plot .
the mother of a man stabbed to death in the street has said she is ` ` heartbroken '' and ` ` devastated '' by the killing .
the world 's fastest - growing region is the fastest - growing region , according to a new report .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani recalls the diamond jubilee .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he expects raheem sterling to remain at the club until the end of the season .
an inquiry into undercover policing in england and wales is to be widened to include ` ` creditable and discreditable conduct '' .
lewis hamilton said he was ` ` all over '' at the belgian grand prix after a poor start to the season .
scotland captain grant coetzer believes his team 's ` ` huge '' performances against afghanistan are crucial for the country .
guiseley came from behind to beat ebbsfleet at nethermoor park in the national league .
education scotland 's education secretary has launched an online resource to help schools tackle the attainment gap .
league two side carlisle united have signed defender pedro on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the london market fell on tuesday , with shares in travel firm flybe slumped after the deal was agreed .
the bodies of two workers who were killed in a ` ` flashover '' explosion have been identified by police .
former nigeria football association chairman amos adamu has said he is ` ` not aware '' about an investigation into alleged corruption .
activity in the uk 's manufacturing sector fell in april , according to a closely - watched survey .
thousands of athletes from durham university have taken part in the long - running boat race on the river tyne .
columnist katie hopkins has apologised to the family of extremists who were barred from boarding a us flight to los angeles .
us president donald trump 's new travel ban has come into force on people travelling to the united states .
a gay vicar has said he will not be allowed to work in the church of england because he is gay .
bristol city 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the championship were dented as they were held to a draw by bristol city .
a senior russian official has been arrested in connection with the construction of a mountain road for the winter olympics .
burton albion moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over birmingham city .
us president - elect donald trump has said he is ` ` confident '' he will revisit his economic stimulus policies .
an action fraud investigation is under way after staff at a chip shop in berkshire lost their phone numbers .
leicester city have signed algeria international riyad al - abidine on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the families of the victims of the manchester terror attack have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
` ` i ' m a woman in a man 's world , '' says olympic gold medallist laura cox .
a company has admitted the manslaughter of a worker who died after being sent into a chemical tank .
manchester city 's hopes of reaching the premier league play - offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by swansea .
britain 's chris froome moved into second place in the tour de france as richie contador won stage three .
if you 're planning to spend a week in an experiment designed to monitor activity activity activity , you 're looking at the best ways .
work to demolish the former stoyle factory in londonderry has been completed by the city council .
a man who murdered his five - year - old daughter has been jailed for more than four years .
a woman from dover has said she is still waiting to return her passport to the uk because of a lack of support .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani returns to the north - eastern nigerian city of kano for the first time .
bristol city defender andrew has been given a 12-match ban for violent conduct during saturday 's 2 - 1 win over burnley .
scientists say they have found a new way to fight hiv in people 's blood , as well as previously thought .
russian athletes have been banned from international competition for doping , according to a report by the world anti - doping agency .
las vegas is the world 's biggest sporting event , and it 's not just a good idea .
detectives have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery at a house in dover .
co - operative housing is a ` ` co - operative housing '' , according to a new report .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a canadian police helicopter has apologised after it was forced to change its loudspeaker during a row over money .
the supreme court has granted an interim injunction to the sun on sunday to decide whether it should be granted a temporary injunction .
lancashire moved to within a point of division one leaders essex with a four - wicket victory over hampshire .
police have launched an investigation after a woman was sexually assaulted in a bus stop in dundee city centre .
bus drivers on the luas tram service in dublin have voted to accept a pay rise in compensation .
lyon have signed us striker eoin morgan from lyon on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
police are investigating the sudden death of a man in a house in newtownabbey , county antrim .
bolivia 's constitutional court has voted to allow president evo morales to run for a third term .
prof stephen hawking has called for a ` ` revolution '' for children to be tested in space .
a maths teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of misconduct by a disciplinary panel .
the catwalk is one of the world 's best - knits - and it 's not just a matter of time .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 ended the day lower , dragged down by mining companies .
hearts director of football neil doncaster believes the league 's top - six finish at tynecastle will be ` ` as much as last season '' .
everton have confirmed manager ronald koeman is set to leave the club at the end of the season .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in fife .
mae heddlu ' r gogledd wedi cael ei garcharu am wythnosau oed .
the uncle of a dog killed by a dog has called for a review of the rules on dangerous dogs .
a hoard of 3,000-year - old coins found in a field in county down has been declared treasure .
rangers defender dani alves says he would have signed a new contract at ibrox if he had not joined rangers .
benedict cumberbatch has said it is ` ` absolutely disingenuous '' to describe the word ` ` coloured '' .
northern ireland 's alan sharvin is one shot off the lead after the opening round of the australian open .
great britain 's men 's hockey team will help boost their chances of qualifying for the european hockey championships .
fifa president sepp blatter 's candidacy for the 2018 and 2022 world cups could be scrapped , says the country 's former president .
victoria and katharina barker had no knowledge of down 's syndrome when they were born at the same school .
an investigation into the sinking of a fishing boat in the western isles has found that lifejackets failed .
kenyans are being urged to verify reports that the country 's media has been falsely accused by the bbc .
great britain 's women 's hockey team have won the women 's world cup in canada .
dundee united have signed ross county 's stuart murdoch for an undisclosed fee on a two - year deal .
a man has been arrested in lapland in connection with the murder of a scottish tourist in lapland .
the head of afghanistan 's counter crime department , gen ali zahir , has been replaced by the taliban .
a man has died after being hit by a car in a hit - and - run crash in south yorkshire .
a drink - driving driver has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving .
wales midfielder joe ledley says the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- will support a decision on whether to wear poppies at euro 2016 .
plaid cymru has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to devolution in wales .
tributes have been paid to the former nigeria coach of the country 's national team keshi .
england 's katherine brunt was out of the big bash league final after losing to west indies in the final .
a farmer in the southern indian state of abbottabad has been arrested on suspicion of murdering an eight - year - old boy .
plans to decommissioning offshore wind turbines off the coast of caithness have been unveiled .
golden state warriors suffered a setback in their final game of the nba finals after losing to the cleveland cavaliers .
a 20-year - old man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in south - east london .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in birmingham .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the passion for women in africa .
the leader of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the london terror attack .
a primary school head teacher has been suspended after being charged with taking children on term - time holidays .
egyptian club zamalek have appointed alex mcleish as their new coach on a two - year contract .
the number of women being treated for breast cancer in northern ireland is set to rise by two thirds , according to new research .
brathwaite became the first west indies to win the world twenty20 as they beat england by seven runs in the final .
glamorgan head coach david mott says the county 's poor start to the season is a ` ` helluva lot '' .
as india 's first - choice woman , marisa purve - jorendal is looking for a new life .
northern ireland 's health service is to receive an extra # 200 m from the stormont executive .
the education minister has appointed a panel to investigate allegations of bullying at de la salle college in belfast .
artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- has been developed by researchers in the us .
mae lleoliadau gywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod gyhoeddi gafoddi gafoddi gafoddi gyntaf trwyd yng nghaerdydd .
junior doctors in england are to stage a series of planned strikes next week , the head of the profession has said .
a cyclist died after being hit by a pothole in newport , an inquest has been told .
a 44-year - old man has died after a three - vehicle crash in edinburgh .
great britain 's lois toulson won gold in the synchronised event at the world championships in kiev .
an investigation has been launched after a cat died following an suspected poisoning in a denbighshire village .
transport for wales -lrb- bc -rrb- has announced plans for a # 20 m transport project in cardiff bay .
philippine presidential candidate rodrigo duterte has apologised for comments he made about a woman who was murdered in a prison .
researchers at the open university are to use data analytics to help students who are struggling with their work .
concerns have been raised about the safety of the isle of man nuclear fuel reprocessing plant .
a mental health trust has been rated ` ` outstanding '' by the health watchdog , despite improvements .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the s&p 500 ended the day higher , helped by positive results from the federal reserve .
mae disgwyl i ail - ddatwyr yng nghymru wedi cael ei gyhoeddi gyhoeddi ddyddwyr rhag .
kenya 's shara sumgong and eliud kirwa won olympic gold in the women 's marathon in rio .
derby county defender michael keogh has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .
the parents of a scottish woman who was murdered in mauritius have written an open letter to the police .
the scottish government 's brexit stance has been ` ` completely destroyed '' by the success of david cameron , a former conservative peer has said .
scientists are studying the behaviour of the indian monsoon in the deep history of the uk 's monsoon .
st johnstone leapfrogged inverness caledonian thistle into second place in the scottish premiership with a 3 - 0 win at mcdiarmid park .
the australian city of sydney , where rolf harris was convicted of child sex abuse , is to be stripped of his honour .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says it is ` ` confident '' that the philae probe has made contact with earth .
russian authorities have raided the office of law enforcement agents as part of a crackdown on ` ` foreign agents '' .
northern ireland 's agri - food industry is to be created in a new industry body .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has launched an assault on the city of mosul airport in the city .
two people have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a street .
an extremely rare albino deer has been born in the wild for the first time in 100 years .
diego simeone 's appointment as atletico madrid 's next manager has been described as ` ` the greatest sporting achievement '' .
telecoms regulator ofcom has said it will delay the sale of the uk 's 4 g spectrum to the competition regulator .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after police raided a house in greater manchester on friday .
scottish labour 's new deputy leader kezia dugdale has said she will not be ` ` so presumptuous '' .
the shortlist for this year 's st david awards in denbighshire has been announced .
four scottish swimmers have been selected to represent great britain at this summer 's rio olympics in rio .
manchester city manager pep guardiola is set to make his first start for the club this season .
two men have been jailed after being caught dumping thousands of tonnes of waste in a birmingham city centre street .
prince harry has said he is ` ` gutted '' to be ` ` lucky enough '' to make a difference in his life .
a woman who was killed when a minibus crashed into a bus has spoken of the ` ` huge explosion '' .
an nhs trust has apologised after a takeaway was removed from a takeaway by staff .
actress millie knightley is to return to new york 's west end stage for her role in the children 's hour .
the mayor of baltimore has said the city 's police chief is stepping down after a report said he was ` ` too much '' to lead the city .
the battleground between hillary clinton and bernie sanders in the us presidential race has been dominated by the debate .
great britain 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the world rugby under-20 championship were ended by japan .
a canadian woman has won a $ 1 m -lrb- # 1.1 m -rrb- jack jack jackpot in a lottery ticket .
the european commission has launched a legal case against northern ireland 's water watchdog over the issue of water charges .
the conjuring 2 has flopped at the north american box office , taking $ 28.5 m -lrb- # 28.6 m -rrb- in its first weekend of release .
manchester city striker mario balotelli has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club .
a church that was badly damaged by flooding has been re - opened after a service in lincolnshire .
google has released its own street view of the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
judges could be able to send convicted rapists to jail for more than 20 years under new guidelines .
wayne routledge scored twice as swansea city beat charlotte independence in their first win of the season in the premier league .
former england captain aitor karagounis has announced his retirement from international football at the end of the season .
scientists in the us say they have developed a new type of paper that could help doctors treat the damage caused by human kidney surgery .
ben carson , the republican presidential candidate in the us state of iowa , has been accused of misbehaviour and misbehaviour .
a priest who claims he was sexually abused by a vicar has said he was ` ` shocked '' by five senior clergy .
the european union has agreed on a deal to try to resolve the migrant crisis in schengen .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a building in the iraqi city of fallujah , state media say .
southern rail is to hold talks with union leaders over driver - only trains , the company has announced .
three senior officers have been suspended by manchester city council following an investigation into an alleged child abuse case .
nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` angry '' at the uk government 's response to the syrian refugee crisis .
two us senators have called for a debate on gun control in the wake of the sandy hook school massacre .
the scottish premiership season gets under way on friday , with the transfer window set to be played down .
theresa may 's first meeting with the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is set to begin later this month .
charlie taylor says he is ` ` looking forward '' to becoming the first british boxer to retain his commonwealth super - lightweight title .
police in austria say they have arrested a lookalike in connection with a picture of adolf hitler .
a piano that once belonged to king george iii has been bought by the city council for # 2 m .
game of thrones is coming to terms with its spectacular spectacular backdrop of fantasy adventure - but it 's unlikely that it is coming .
a man has been found not guilty of sexually abusing boys in nottingham more than 30 years ago .
engineering firm dyson has announced plans to redevelop its headquarters in oxfordshire , creating 1,000 jobs .
in tel aviv , the israeli likud party 's supporters gathered at a party conference on friday night .
a cyclist has died after being hit by a bus in central london , the met police has said .
an islamic centre in florida has been temporarily relocated to a mosque in response to complaints about religious discrimination .
computer security firm recording future has said it is ` ` vulnerable '' to espionage , after a report said it was hacked .
the authorities in egypt say they have raided the offices of a us - based civil society group .
teaching unions in northern ireland are to stage a half - day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
a bid to recover the rig that ran aground on the western isles has been put forward by councillors .
ireland coach joe schmidt was left frustrated after his side lost to argentina in saturday 's six nations game in cardiff .
league one side derby county have signed teenage defender tyler tyler on loan from burton albion until the end of the season .
` ` it 's a dream come true , '' says super league club salford red devils .
a ` ` beautiful '' railway station is set to be closed to allow work to repair its roof .
the results of this year 's gcse results in wales have fallen , according to the latest results .
the eu referendum campaign is under way , with many commentators wondering whether boris johnson is the next mayor of london .
the gambia 's president yahya jammeh has said he will ` ` intervene '' if he does not agree to leave the country .
` ` i ' m sitting in a laboratory , '' says daisy the first female sheep to be born in the uk .
the winners of this year 's golden globe awards have been named best supporting actor in a tv series .
turkish club istanbul basaksehir have signed cameroon defender abdelham chedjou on a free transfer .
the labour party is ` ` walking in the opposite direction '' before the next general election , an ex - minister has claimed .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man who went missing on a cycle path in cornwall .
scientists say they have made a breakthrough in developing a stem cell that can kill cancer - killing drugs .
northampton saints scrum - half ben foden says he will need to ` ` push himself to the limit '' if he continues to perform .
league two side southend united have signed brighton midfielder jordan houghton on loan until the end of the season .
nottingham forest 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs were dented by a goalless draw at deepdale .
fifa president sepp blatter and uefa chief michel platini have been banned from all football activities .
a burst water main at a station in east london has been closed after thousands of commuters were stranded .
a man has died after being hit by a chainsaw outside a school in central london , police have said .
a charity has launched a campaign to tackle stalking in wales , after a woman was murdered by her ex - partners .
iran has announced its intention to launch its offensive against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
spanish police have used batons and batons to disperse leicester city fans in the city centre on tuesday night .
an easyjet dog has become the first dog in the uk to fly for more than 30 years .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said he was ` ` tired '' after his side 's draw with sunderland at the weekend .
she 's already wanted to be an action hero for her role in jane austen 's role .
the government is to launch a new register of breast implants to include patients who have not received them .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found in a street .
a man has been injured after being hit by a car outside a supermarket in east renfrewshire .
three people have been killed after a lorry crashed into spectators at a festival in south - west england .
the prince of wales has paid tribute to those who lost their lives during world war one , during a visit to a village .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the family of a county antrim man who murdered his father have said they are ` ` completely let down '' by the justice system .
rory mcilroy 's chances of winning the ryder cup are a huge boost for europe 's ryder cup team .
a man has been jailed for trying to smuggle a fake gun into two schools in west sussex .
the european commission has unanimously backed plans for a new nuclear power station at hinkley point in somerset .
leyton orient 's promotion to the national league ended in defeat by dagenham & redbridge .
cristiano ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as cape verde drew 2 - 0 at home to africa 's cape verde .
the turkish government has lifted its ban on muslim headscarves , in a move that has been described as ` ` islam '' .
a dog had to be rescued by firefighters after getting trapped in a ` ` rough '' chair .
the mother of a baby boy who choked to death in a suspected choking accident has spoken of her relief .
scotland women 's hopes of reaching the euro 2017 finals would be ` ` more heartbreak than embarrassment '' , says captain rachel evans .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a car in kilkeel , county down .
a man and his dog were rescued from a car after it became submerged in a lake in hertfordshire .
david beckham 's plans to build a major league soccer franchise in miami have been approved by the american football league .
a new multi - million pound college is set to open in flintshire later , with the opening of a new school .
celtic will be without two leading players for saturday 's champions league tie against rosenborg after a hamstring injury .
the average of daily activity in the world 's most populous countries is the top of the world , according to a new study .
tennis star judy murray has visited a school in edinburgh to mark her first official visit to the duchess of cambridge .
a pensioner has been left shaken after being hit by a crowbar during a robbery in edinburgh .
the family of a british man who has been missing since the brussels terror attacks have said they fear he is safe .
the director of neath port talbot - based celtic energy has said he is ` ` shocked '' to pay for restoration costs .
a borders town is set to close for the first time since the winter storms , it has been announced .
for more than 30 years , the k foundation 's record - breaking record - breaking album was burned in the back of a million quid .
bayern munich moved back to the top of the bundesliga table with a 2 - 0 win over struggling stuttgart .
maxine peake and caroline lucas are to star in a new adaptation of shakespeare 's hamlet .
pro - russian militants have taken control of ukraine 's main government in the east of the country .
former peterborough united and peterborough united manager chris turner has died at the age of 82 . . . '
new zealand held on to beat south africa in the world cup quarter - final at the expense of south africa .
a proposed shake - up of the football league 's structure has been proposed by the premier league .
a man is to stand trial accused of attacking a hospital guard with a razor blade in north lanarkshire .
poland 's government says it will seek to prosecute former pm donald tusk over the 2010 plane crash .
celtic manager brendan rodgers is relishing the old firm derby against celtic at hampden park .
the board of american apparel has filed a lawsuit against the company 's former chief executive , jared charney .
` ` it 's a big change in art , '' says sarah balshaw , the new chair of the tate museum .
the number of people killed or injured in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records were recorded .
police in the us state of los angeles say they have received a ` ` credible threat '' to school shootings .
the russian government has said it is ` ` considering '' a possible cessation of hostilities in syria .
more than 30,000 people have signed a petition to stop the annual dog festival in china .
scunthorpe united defender chris bishop has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club .
a care home has been told to make ` ` significant improvements '' to its services after an inspection .
a burst water main in county louth is set to be repaired , the irish water has said .
a railway station worker has been struck off after being found guilty of misconduct by a health watchdog .
` ` it 's the world 's most dangerous to treat cancer , '' says one of the uk 's leading scientists .
premiership club exeter chiefs have warned they could face a ` ` crisis '' if they are taken off the field by saracens .
dumfries and galloway council 's support for festivals and festivals has been praised by a new report .
the russian military says it is monitoring a russian submarine that tried to cross the country from a russian aircraft carrier .
the world 's second largest economy , the magnitude-7 , has been hit by a powerful earthquake .
a us election contestant has said she is ` ` humbled '' to say that she is a ` ` die - hard '' woman .
england captain alastair cook says his side are still favourites for the second and final test against australia .
west brom have turned down a bid for manchester city captain jonny evans , bbc radio 5 understands .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi cael ei gadael yn dilyn ei gadael .
us carmaker general motors has announced plans to end its production operations in india as part of a restructuring plan .
belgium 's alexander levy carded a second round of 66 to move into the final round of the german open .
the family of sinn [ UNK ] agent gerry adams have said they are ` ` absolutely nonsense '' that the provisional ira was involved in the murder of james donaldson .
the body of a man has been recovered from the sea off the coast of cornwall , police have said .
a 20-year - old man has died after being hit by a car in brighton on friday .
the scottish government has announced a # 50 m fund to help oil and gas firms in the north sea .
partick thistle manager brendan rodgers has been named as the new manager of the scottish premiership and scottish premiership .
the authorities in mexico say they have broken up the group responsible for the escape of drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman .
us president - elect donald trump 's campaign has cancelled a rally in chicago that was due to start on thursday .
a court in japan has lifted a ban on the reopening of two nuclear reactors after the fukushima disaster .
the government is to increase its ` ` focus '' on diversity in the uk 's intelligence agencies .
south africa 's government has announced plans to introduce the national minimum wage , which it says could be a ` ` living wage '' .
the family of a man who was shot dead by paratroops in belfast almost 40 years ago have said they are ` ` sitting on their hands '' .
former nottingham forest and scotland striker oliver burke is a ` ` huge step '' in his transfer to germany , according to former scotland striker barry mcgovern .
comedian russell brand has apologised for posting a video on social media that appeared to show him being ` ` very immature '' .
authorities in the italian city of rome say they have broken down a key bridge in the capital , rome .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a9 in the highlands .
more than 50,000 homes were without electricity after a power substation went offline on friday .
kenya 's prime minister uhuru kenyatta has ordered the country 's central bank to introduce tougher rules on money - laundering .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car .
ospreys maintained their 100 % start to the season with a bonus - point win over treviso .
barcelona boss luis enrique says his side 's 2 - 1 draw with real madrid was ` ` not the best result '' .
finance minister anna mcleod has called for more support for a grant scheme to help young crofters get a mortgage .
the museum of london is trying to restore the ` ` oldest robot '' built by british enthusiasts .
an italian teenager is suing an anti - semitic group for publishing a photograph of a young woman who took her own life .
plans to build a # 1bn tidal lagoon in swansea bay will be a ` ` disgrace '' , an mp has said .
police have appealed for information after eight puppies were stolen from a house in east renfrewshire .
josh strauss has signed a new contract with sale sharks , keeping him at the pro12 club until 2020 .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have retaken the city of falluja from so - called islamic state .
ronny deila is not to blame for celtic 's poor run of form , says midfielder mikael lustig .
max clifford 's claim that he was sexually assaulted by a woman was ` ` completely untrue '' , a court has heard .
the uk 's departure from the european union has been described as ` ` absolutely paramount '' .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has become embroiled in a row over social media .
thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in chile after a powerful earthquake hit the country 's coast .
house of commons speaker john bercow has been named as the new speaker of the house of parliament .
it 's a documentary about the future of film in the film industry , which aims to change the way we are watching .
former world heavyweight champion barry shavers says the klitschkos are not the same as muhammad ali .
gateshead have signed striker lee johnson on a two - year contract after he left the national league club .
the government has announced plans for two rail franchises in the north - west and north - west of england .
russian president viktor yanukovych has held a rare meeting with russian president vladimir putin in sochi .
a 12-year - old boy has been taken to hospital after being attacked by four men in blackburn .
it 's been a year since a russian politician called a ` ` shamefaced '' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the bbc is to close its global iplayer app in june , the corporation has confirmed , following reports that it was shutting down .
an anti - fracking company has promised to monitor the amount of money it will invest in lancashire .
london mayor sadiq khan has become the first muslim mayor in the country to be elected in the uk .
league one side fleetwood town have signed bristol city striker wes burns on loan until the end of the season .
more than 30 people have been rescued from a village in county tyrone after storm desmond caused flash flooding .
a us court has rejected a case that could lead to the release of a horn from pop star madonna .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after a two - vehicle crash in cardiff city centre .
a man has been banned from owning animals for three years after he admitted killing a fish in a car park .
scottish enterprise and scottish enterprise have begun a two - day visit to the country 's oil and gas industry .
tyson fury 's long - awaited return to the ring has been described as ` ` an idiot '' .
a court in italy has upheld the convictions of seven italian scientists convicted of manslaughter over a series of tremors .
a row has broken out over plans to recharge sand and shingle at a norfolk beach .
britain 's andy murray beat spain 's feliciano ramos - vinolas to reach the semi - finals of the barcelona open .
the government 's ` ` deliberate '' decline in the arts is causing a ` ` diversity crisis '' on the stage , a report says .
a man has been found not guilty of murdering his wife at a care home in cambridgeshire last year .
us consumer prices fell to their lowest level in more than five years in february , according to the us commerce department .
a host of musicians have been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours for their work with children .
chinese woman shaving armpits has become the first woman to do more to keep clean clean .
the scottish government has rejected calls to devolve the duty of air traffic -lrb- apd -rrb- to scotland .
japan 's hideki matsuyama won the wgc - hsbc champions title for the first time since 1993 .
air france has confirmed that it has sent a passenger plane to glasgow prestwick airport to canada .
the first minister has said there will be ` ` hope '' for the welsh nhs in 2015 .
two men have been killed after a light aircraft crashed into a field in powys , police have said .
a man is to stand trial accused of defrauding the government and setting fire to a block of flats .
a mother and her two - year - old son have been diagnosed with a rare form of muscular dystrophy .
a mental health academy is to be set up in a bid to cut waiting times for help with mental health patients .
dizzee rascal has been announced as the first acts for this year 's wickerman festival .
an alpaca that was mauled by a dog in the new forest has been found to have not been repaired .
russian president vladimir putin has defended a meeting with french far - right leader marine le pen in moscow .
ireland have secured a place in the quarter - finals of the women 's world twenty20 in sri lanka .
an indian mp has been banned from flying a business class flight after he was attacked by an mp .
french astronaut manuel pesquet has taken his first pictures of the aurora borealis - one of the country 's best known landmarks .
derry city have signed former derry city and derry city midfielder dean shiels on a two - year deal .
a school in brighton is considering changing its uniform policy to allow pupils to wear a ` ` gender neutral uniform '' .
india 's government has announced plans to ban the creation of geospatial data in the country .
a burst water main has closed a school and schools after a water main burst into the water supply .
olympic gold medallist kelly sotherton says she is open to proposals to scrap her own world records .
at least three people have been killed in a shooting at a wood processing plant in the swiss city of manznau .
the national theatre -lrb- nt -rrb- chairman rufus norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the uk .
ex - footballer eric bristow has been dropped by sky over comments he made about historical child sex abuse .
the new leader of birmingham city council has become the first local authority in the uk to be elected .
czech cyclist alexander kreuziger has been cleared of doping offences after the tour de france was disqualified .
great britain 's ben ainslie is aiming to win the 2016 america 's cup world series .
the family of a man who died after getting into difficulties in the sea have paid tribute to him .
she 's a schoolgirl from northern ireland who has won a prestigious award for her best ever achievement .
the number of people with visual impairment and cataracts is set to rise by 2050 , say researchers .
` ` it 's impossible to see our local authority '' - and it 's not a big part of leicestershire county council .
derbyshire have appointed ian barnett as their new head coach on a two - year deal .   's coaching structure .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found seriously injured in a street in north lanarkshire .
mobile phone charges in the uk will be reduced to 6p per year , the government has announced .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` very realistic '' about playing in the premier league this season .
police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- matthew mccully has been re - elected in the new year 's elections .
belgium 's top - flight football has been crowned champions of champions for the first time since 2009 .
former world number one victoria azarenka has pulled out of the us open because of family reasons .
aston villa and aston villa have been fined # 30,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
former tour de france champion scott lemond is a ` ` top-10 finisher '' , says his agent .
australian airline chief executive alan joyce has said he will be campaigning for a vote on same - sex marriage .
ospreys have signed wales tight - head prop brian mujati on a two - year contract .
a memorial tree has been unveiled in carmarthenshire to mark the 150th anniversary of british pioneer robert brown 's work .
england 's sergio garcia shot a three - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the dubai desert classic .
four people have been rescued after their yacht capsized off the coast of larne , county antrim .
apple 's chief executive has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by a court order that would allow apple to enshrine encryption protections .
the gambia has withdrawn its membership of the british commonwealth , the country 's foreign office has confirmed .
a chinese company has been fined for selling a coating to pakistan 's nuclear power plant , the us has said .
aston villa have completed the signing of belgium striker vincent kozak from belgian side genk for an undisclosed fee .
` ` i do n't want to be on your own , '' says former sports minister anna .
a maths teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year - old girl has been given a suspended jail sentence .
more than four million fans attended scottish football matches last year , according to the scottish professional football league .
a 79-year - old man who was stolen from his home has said he is ` ` not going to be caught '' .
north korea 's state - controlled craft of a highly - anticipated alcohol , state media report .
there are growing concerns about end - of - life care in england and wales , and it 's important that the medical profession is at risk of dying .
engineers in hong kong have set a new world record for the first time in more than 20 years .
a vigil has been held in cardiff bay to pay tribute to those killed in the paris terror attacks .
rob o'brien 's late try earned ulster a bonus - point win over newport gwent dragons .
england manager fabio capello has been asked by russia 's national team to stay in charge of euro 2016 .
the trial of three egyptian journalists accused of plotting with the muslim brotherhood has been delayed until next month .
slumdog millionaire is to be screened at a screening of weekly film nights in kingussie .
the post office -lrb- cwu -rrb- is to suspend its planned closure and privatisation programme .
pro - russian separatist rebels in eastern ukraine say they will pull out of their weapons .
here 's a guide to the main political parties in wales , here are some key manifestos .
one of portugal 's best - known musicians has won this year 's eurovision song contest .
germany 's political establishment has become a national hero for the first time in more than a century .
two police officers have been jailed for using ` ` bogus information '' to conceal an innocent man being investigated by police .
the uk 's exit from the european union will be ` ` catastrophic '' for ordinary families , according to former managers of supermarkets .
british rower joe baseball is to row the atlantic for the second time in a row after rowing across the atlantic .
a petition calling for a directly elected mayor to be held in bath has been submitted to the council .
thousands of people have taken part in a march to parliament to protest against the closure of kids company .
four health boards in wales have been placed under increased scrutiny by the welsh government , the bbc understands .
scotland 's prisons will install mobile phone technology to monitor the use of mobile phones , justice secretary kenny macaskill has announced .
champions crusaders were held to a goalless draw by coleraine in the irish premiership game at coleraine .
the bodies of six british soldiers who died in world war one have been identified as those of them .
a british couple have died after falling from a balcony in morocco , the foreign office has confirmed , including a british citizen .
thousands of primary school pupils in england are to be tested in maths , the government has announced .
great britain 's jo andrews has won the 10,000 m at parliament hill in london .
a 16-year - old girl has been caught on camera eating a bacon sandwich with prime minister david cameron .
mansfield 's league two play - off hopes were dented as they were beaten by morecambe .
new zealand continued their 100 % start to the world cup with a hard - fought victory over france .
cosmetics giant avon is to close its operations in france , with the loss of more than 200 jobs .
if you 're in charge of online banking , you 're going to be able to use the internet .
a new edition of adolf hitler 's mein kampf is to be published in germany , it has been announced .
scotland are ` ` outgrown '' of the six nations , according to head coach jason haig .
the head of the united states has said the us is ` ` not willing '' to allow the syrian opposition to leave the country .
a man has been jailed for his part in the discovery of a man 's body in a park .
laura muir has been named in the great britain team for this weekend 's european indoor championships in belgrade .
british actress jumbo has said she is not doing enough to keep her ` ` work ethic '' .
exeter chiefs have given new contracts to forwards paul horstmann and blair salvi , who have signed new deals .
a powerful earthquake has struck south - western japan , killing at least seven people and injuring more .
gwynedd council has said it will continue to work with community councils in a bid to change its name .
scientists say they have discovered that the amount of co2 emitted into the air during the climate change -lrb- petm -rrb- .
a diet that revamps a key part of the body 's organ has been regenerated , according to us scientists .
more than a third of people in the uk are looking for their loans , according to a survey .
plans for a new office development in belfast 's city quays have been unveiled by the city 's council .
a man accused of murdering his ex - partner has told a court he thought he would be taking his own life .
a former chief executive of a charity has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering offences , the bbc understands .
the world 's first ` ` bog snorkelling '' games have been announced in powys .
justin bieber has been sentenced to three years in jail for throwing eggs at his home in california .
councils in england are being urged to ` ` get to grips '' with the ` ` blight '' of road repairs .
a man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police as ` ` the victim '' .
an anti - corruption group has launched a legal challenge against a former mayor of tower hamlets .
kickabout fans have been telling newsround why they are now known to be the world 's oldest kickabout .
a van has been set on fire after it was set alight by us singer floyd mayweather .
a hospital in essex has been placed in special measures for the first time since the death of a patient .
the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- is calling for more animal visitors to hospital to be trained on wards .
motherwell have confirmed they will not be allowed to train with aberdeen until saturday 's game with aberdeen .
the rspca has said it is ` ` strongly concerned '' that a raccoon dog found in a garden .
the rugby players ' association -lrb- rpa -rrb- has raised concerns over the proposed extension of the premiership season .
bank of england governor mark carney has said he is ` ` delighted '' with the response to the uk 's decision to leave the eu .
norwich city defender james maddison has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
plans to set up national parks in west africa could lead to the creation of national parks , according to a new report .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 quarter - finals were ended by a 3 - 2 defeat by germany .
the us space agency -lrb- ula -rrb- is to launch its next generation rocket .
shrewsbury town have signed motherwell striker alex jules on loan until the end of the season , with the option of a further year .
a ` ` dismaland '' camp has been donated to a group of campaigners who visited the site .
a british holidaymaker died from anaphylactic shock after eating a sorbet , an inquest has heard .
investment firm alliance trust has said it will not make an offer to buy shares on the stock exchange .
the january transfer window is set to be dominated by the transfer window , with two new signings from fulham .
the french authorities are taking legal action against the state of paris to tackle air pollution in the capital .
goals from jordan rhodes and steve rhodes gave middlesbrough their first win of the season as they beat bolton .
jenson button says he will not race in formula 1 beyond this year 's malaysian grand prix .
south korea 's samsung c&t group has approved a deal to buy the company 's business empire .
two senior officers have been awarded # 51,000 in compensation after a report said they were unlawfully paid to two council officers .
a new study has found that ring - billed gull droppings were helping to chase seagulls .
two brothers have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in east ayrshire .
a plaque has been unveiled in memory of those who fought in the spanish civil war during world war ii .
adidas has ended its sponsorship of the sport 's governing body , the iaaf , with the option of a year .
crewe alexandra head coach steve davis says the club 's youngsters are ` ` more likely '' to sign new contracts .
harlow has become the first town in the uk to be given a new lease of life by planners .
andy murray 's record - breaking run at the french open has been described as ` ` remarkable '' .
the welsh government has said it is not taking a ` ` wake up call '' to raise council tax to pay for care .
google 's new app has been developed by the social media app that allows users to identify individual information .
the world 's biggest aircraft show is under way in las vegas , with the aim of a pilot .
stormont 's environment minister mark durkan has won a legal battle over a plan to expand belfast 's shops .
england captain michael vaughan says his ` ` great experience '' in the second test against pakistan was ` ` as good a four days '' .
coventry city 's supporters ' trust has said they will not condone ` ` violent protests '' against the club 's owners .
sale sharks survived a scare to reach the semi - finals of the european challenge cup with a bonus - point win over sale sharks .
the world 's largest container ship has arrived at the uk 's port of felixstowe .
the high court has rejected a bid by the owners of dunsfold park to change its planning application .
serial killer ian bellfield has denied giving a statement to police investigating the murder of milly dowler .
an australian man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex - wife in a cafe siege in sydney .
the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- has said it is ` ` concerned '' about the future of the sport .
scott brown 's future as scotland manager is ` ` a surprise '' , according to neil lennon .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` worried '' that the party is going to be rigged .
french actor gerard depardieu has said he is ` ` happy '' to have a russian passport granted by the government .
a 24-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in west lothian .
the uk 's population of wild rabbits and hares are being sought by a national team of scientists .
a controversial road barrier that was installed in londonderry 's kings cross road has been removed .
the government 's plans to spend # 1.3 bn on improving children 's health are ` ` perverse and counterproductive '' councils say .
police forces in england and wales have seized more than 1,000 cannabis farms in the past two years .
the main runway at london 's heathrow airport is to reopen for the first time in more than a decade .
celtic midfielder jamie roberts says he is ` ` proud '' to play in the scottish cup final against aberdeen .
one of the most historic buildings in scotland is set to be turned into a national centre for children 's literature .
hosts zambia have been drawn in the group stages of the under-20 world cup in south korea .
scotland manager gordon strachan has been named in the squad for this month 's scottish cup .
the head of virgin money , i m a gadhia , is to lead a review of student support in scotland .
a town 's ` ` bubble burst '' into the market , according to the borough council leader .
samit patel , the brother of one of the victims of the london terror attacks , says he is a ` ` coward '' .
the green party has elected a new councillor in orkney and shetland , the first of its local elections .
a 20-year - old man is in hospital with life - threatening injuries after being attacked by a man in edinburgh .
the new bishop of gloucester has been consecrated at a special ceremony in gloucester cathedral on friday . . .
first minister nicola sturgeon has pledged to close the attainment gap between children in the most deprived areas .
a report into the capsizing of a boat which crashed into a tug - boat in 2014 has found that the boat was not deliberately deliberately involved .
olympic gold medallist katherine grainger has described her success in sport as ` ` a wonderful gift '' .
youtube 's website has been put up for sale - and it 's hoped to crack down on the problem .
a 20-year - old new zealand man is recovering after falling from a balcony and landed in snow .
the number of migrants seeking asylum in austria is set to fall by more than a third this year .
plans to regenerate swansea bay 's waterfront have been unveiled by the city council in a bid to regenerate the area .
charley hoffman shot a four - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the masters at augusta .
the welsh green party has launched its general election manifesto for the 2016 assembly election in may . . .
the russian government has accused turkey of ` ` brazenly plundering '' turkey 's border with turkey .
labour mps have defied the leadership of the government 's plans to force future governments to run an absolute budget surplus .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a confrontation at a school .
a blind man has won the pinterest pinterest conker event in more than 50 years .
barcelona have lost a court case against barcelona over the transfer of brazilian forward neymar to barcelona .
the european union is set to send an eu mission to the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- in the capital bangui .
a ukip mep has announced he is to step down as chief executive of an international monitoring body .
a military aircraft has landed at prestwick airport after landing at lossiemouth airport , police have said .
libya 's parliament has rejected a plan to form a ` ` national unity government '' , the un says .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed higher on friday , despite fears that china 's economic slowdown is continuing .
a belfast man who was convicted of membership of the boston college bombing has been granted permission to appeal against his refusal to release tapes .
the price of oil has fallen below $ 30 a barrel for the first time since 2006 , according to the us federal reserve .
the us house of representatives has withdrawn a vote on a healthcare bill that would allow president donald trump to replace obama 's healthcare programme .
the director of the boston college project is to hand over details of the interviews he made about the ira .
martha cooper and henry chalfant have become the first artist in the us to adopt new york subway art .
chelsea manager antonio conte says the premier league leaders are ` ` very strong '' to win the title .
british number one laura robson is set to play at the aegon championships in nottingham next month . .
bath wing anthony watson is set to miss the rest of the season after being charged by the rugby football association .
super league side widnes vikings have signed full - back lee mellor on a two - year contract .
more than 3,000 people are being evacuated from the besieged rebel - held areas of the syrian city of aleppo .
two men have been taken to hospital after an armed gang forced their way into a house in edinburgh .
ap mccoy won the champion chase at cheltenham with a comfortable victory in the queen 's chase at the cheltenham festival .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
mae arweinydd cymru , nicola sturgeon , wedi dweud bod ei gwlad i gymru .
kidderminster harriers chairman phil brown says the club 's director of football , colin gordon , should be part of a coaching team .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found dead in a house in north belfast .
a turkish court has named the son of a kurdish militant who carried out the bombing of ankara last week .
a woman accused of murdering her ex - girlfriend has told a court she is ` ` being stalked '' by her ex - girlfriend .
the head of the university of texas has said he is ` ` responsible '' for allowing guns on campus .
ross county have signed midfielder jim o'brien on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
celtic striker mousa dembele says he is ` ` enjoying the big clubs '' at celtic .
ukraine 's president viktor yanukovych has signed a deal with the eu to restore peace and political stability .
labour leader ed miliband has said he will ` ` never give up '' on becoming the party 's next leader .
a man has been charged over the death of a man who was found in a car in oxford .
a total ban on gay men who want to donate blood and transplant has been lifted in the uk .
swansea city defender alfie mawson can be ` ` very good '' , says head coach paul clement .
all patients with hiv in london are being offered a blood test on admission to hospital , new guidelines say .
scientists are warning that the impact of high- energy particles in space could lead to a large storm .
the government has set up a # 20 m compensation pot for people diagnosed with asbestos - related cancer .
an 82-year - old woman has died after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
british number two kyle edmund is through to the second round of the gerry weber open in belgium after beating fellow briton david ferrer .
a steam train is taking part in a special event to celebrate the reopening of a railway line .
somalia 's government has released a video of an alleged al - shabab bombing on a plane in djibouti .
the families of two inmates who died at a prison in buckinghamshire have launched a legal challenge against the governor .
a crowdfunding campaign to raise # 50,000 for a memorial to david bowie has failed .
scotland 's first minister has issued a christmas message to the country 's roads amid warnings of snow .
more than half of people in derbyshire are worried about their festive spending , according to the bbc .
glasgow school of art 's new student building has been unveiled by the city 's first architect .
tributes have been paid to a bristol city councillor who has died at the age of 82 after a long illness .
substitute substitute joel joel scored his first goal for everton as they beat krasnodar 2 - 0 in the europa league .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says the club have ` ` saved '' the club 's fans .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has warned that the world needs to improve access to hiv testing .
danish brewer carlsberg has said it is ` ` not optimistic '' that it will return to growth this year .
the muslim council of wales has launched an investigation after a group of uk first members appeared in a cardiff mosque .
the last tranche of money owed to uganda 's military forces has been withdrawn , the bbc understands .
a man has been found dead in a fire at a house in edinburgh .   's north end .
northern ireland cyclist martyn irvine has been named bbc northern ireland 's sports personality of the year .
an 82-year - old indian woman has been stabbed in the city of chittoor , police say .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have said they will retake the syrian town of al - qaryatain .
a new road in inverness has been unveiled to help improve the flow of prehistoric remains from the site .
leigh centurions have confirmed the signing of castleford half - back rangi chase for an undisclosed fee .
sarah - jane perry and laura massaro will meet in sunday 's british open final in hull .
us president barack obama has asked the white house to set aside $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- to fund the use of military equipment .
lancashire director of cricket ashley giles says the club are ` ` not a better side '' after their t20 blast defeat by new zealand .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said violence at his rallies is ` ` not a racist '' .
a new study has been launched to unlock 100,000 genomes of some of the most common diseases .
bob jungels won stage four of the giro d'italia in a sprint finish on stage four .
kilmarnock chairman michael johnston has stepped down from the board of directors at kilmarnock .
the football association has launched an investigation into claims of historical child abuse at a football club in the 1980s .
the euro 2016 quarter - final between france and france has been described as a ` ` huge positive '' .
a man has been arrested after a man was injured in an incident in glasgow city centre on saturday .
a man jailed for killing his partner has had his minimum jail sentence increased by more than 12 years .
the rollout of superfast broadband in rural parts of scotland has been described as ` ` frustrating '' .
royal dutch shell has said it will not ` ` over - react '' to its plans to drill in the arctic .
aberdeen 's hopes of reaching the europa league second qualifying round suffered a blow as they were beaten by aberdeen .
the mother of a british backpacker who travelled to nepal with a snickers bar and snickers bar has said she is ` ` on her own '' .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he is not interested in signing zlatan ibrahimovic from paris st - germain .
an investigation is under way into the deaths of some patients at a mental health ward in north wales .
league one side shrewsbury town were held to a goalless draw by fleetwood in the fa cup second round .
england under-20s reached the semi - finals of the under-20 world cup in south korea with a 3 - 0 victory over mexico .
the governor of new york state has said that the ` ` nightmare is over '' after a convicted murderer was shot by police .
the national register for the ` ` non - formal and in - work education '' is to be established in wales .
the head of the church in wales has said he is ` ` not opposed '' to organ donation .
leicester city have appointed steve walsh as manager on a two - and - a - half - year contract .
a rare tropical turtle washed up on a beach in jersey has been taken to hospital by vets .
hundreds of people have attended a rally in edinburgh to protest against delays in payments to eu farm payments .
police scotland has apologised after a police officer was spotted carrying a handgun while on duty .
aston villa have signed aston villa midfielders joe houghton and aston villa midfielder jordan houghton on loan until the end of the season .
celebrities including the duke of cambridge have broken their fingers in a campaign to raise awareness of mental health issues .
a man has died after getting into difficulties in the sea off the coast of cornwall , police have said .
` ` i do n't want to be a writer , '' says james king , the chief executive of hsbc .
the former chief scientist of the us space agency -lrb- epa -rrb- has warned that the us government should take steps to stop access to climate data .
boris johnson , the uk 's foreign secretary , has told peers that he will not go to the g7 in the next few weeks .
it 's been a year since mummified her partner and her partner , grace west , broke her nose and broke their teeth .
sweden 's sergio garcia and henrik stenson are three shots behind leader sergio garcia after the second round of the bmw pga championship in munich .
the us senate has rejected a landmark treaty on the rights of the disabled , which has been approved by the united states .
colombia 's president juan manuel santos has won the nobel peace prize for his work to end the conflict .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi for a night shift in the borders .
olympic gold medallist dani king has ruled out competing at the track cycling team event in wales , bbc wales understands .
alex davies and alex davies hit centuries to help derbyshire fight back against derbyshire on day two at the county ground .
scottish football league chief executive john fitzel believes a 16-team league could help scottish clubs get a better chance .
wales ' hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup suffered a setback as they beat moldova in cardiff .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says he is ` ` looking forward '' to his future at the club .
john sheridan 's first game in charge of newport county ended in defeat as paul john sheridan helped his side beat exeter city .
a council has said it is ` ` struggling '' to put lone child asylum seekers into residential care .
the australian government has agreed to pay a$ 70 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 70 m -rrb- settlement to settle the case of hundreds of refugees stranded on an island .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he would be ` ` more disappointed '' if he is to be sacked .
clean - ups are being held in the isle of man as part of efforts to improve clean - ups .
a 16-year - old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a polish man who was attacked in a shopping centre .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a75 near annan .
kent chief executive martin kennedy is to leave the county at the end of the season to take over as director of cricket .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has resigned after being told he will not appear on bbc one 's purdah programme .
the head of libya 's central government has said he will not step down , amid growing criticism of the country 's political isolation laws .
thousands of children 's software firm mspy has admitted that it has been hacked by the firm .
the us says it is suspending ties with russia after the us suspending its involvement in the conflict in syria .
the funeral of two brothers who were murdered in a car crash in the republic of ireland has taken place .
the owner of dundee 's dens park football club has said it is ` ` not worried '' about the future of the club .
a russian paralympian who displayed a russian flag at the rio paralympics has been praised by the russian government .
campaigners have marched through a town hall in flintshire to protest against proposed cuts to community services .
a 25-year - old woman has appeared in court charged with causing a crash in north lanarkshire .
middlesbrough have ended the season - long loan with the option of a new contract with the championship club .
exeter chiefs secured a place in the premiership play - offs with a hard - fought victory over saracens .
three welsh authors have won this year 's national book of the year award for their work in war - torn wales .
brighton ended ipswich 's three - match winless run in the championship with victory at portman road .
labour has won the general election in rhondda cynon taff in the 2015 general election .
a memorial service has been held in cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the game as arsenal came from behind to beat burnley at stamford bridge .
syrian rebels say they have captured the pilot of a syrian air force plane that crashed in the country .
great britain 's laura belcher and women 's kayak have qualified for the rio olympics .
british astronaut tim peake is preparing to lift - off from space on wednesday , becoming the first person to do so .
mozambique is one of the world 's longest - reigning countries , with a reputation for poverty and corruption .
the number of pregnant women seeking asylum in germany has risen by more than 20 % in the past year , officials say .
a british soldier killed in an explosion in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
a group of steam enthusiasts are hoping to re - establish scotland 's oldest steam railway .
the us city of baltimore has said it will keep a curfew in place after a man was killed by police .
a charity that provides housing for homeless men in london has released documents showing how it is worth more than # 1 m .
england 's jamie donaldson is in a share of the lead going into the final round of the sweden open .
united airlines has offered compensation to the family of a seven - year - old boy who was removed from a flight to canada .
japanese video game giant nintendo has reported a net loss for the first time in three years as it continues to struggle with demand .
a review of the provision of schools in the borders is set to be carried out by scottish borders council .
the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- has called on the government to offer subsidised accommodation to nhs staff .
at least 10 people have been killed in a collision between a minivan and a minivan in ghana .
garbine muguruza beat italy 's sabine schiavone to reach the french open second round .
a author who was asked to cover up some of the uk 's best - known locations has been accused of being ` ` censored '' .
national league side gateshead have signed teenage striker nyal bell on loan from rochdale until the end of the season .
jersey 's former england and liverpool striker marc le saux has said he does not think he is gay .
dog owners should be banned from playing in dog parks and parks , swansea council has said in a consultation .
the head of an italian hospital has said he is donating $ 200,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 200,000 -rrb- to a medical charity .
the head of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has died , the pentagon has confirmed .
scarlets have signed llandovery pair josh hughes and steffan evans on two - year deals .
russia 's anti - doping agency -lrb- iaaf -rrb- chief toni minichiello has called for a ` ` long and hard look '' at the russian doping ban .
gay rights activists in the russian republic of chechnya have accused the government of being ` ` shameful '' .
a mother who took her baby daughter 's head to a shopping trip in swansea has staged a mass breastfeed protest .
german carmaker daimler has said its full - year profits will be ` ` sharply lower than last year '' .
wales captain sam warburton says he will not be ` ` selfish '' if he is dropped from his captaincy .
england 's tom milkins said he was ` ` under pressure '' after losing his first match at the uk championship .
poet patrick harsent has won this year 's ts eliot prize for poetry for his second collection .
it 's been a year since the great british athlete was elected to the olympic and paralympic games .
paul winton , the man who led the persecution of jews in world war two , has died aged 80 .
world champion jenson webber says he is ` ` very surprised '' that his mercedes team - mates are ready to start the season .
a nobel prize - winning scientist has apologised for comments he made about girls in science .
calls have been made for a ban on mobile phone use in wales , following changes to the law .
queen 's university in belfast has said it is working as a ` ` great place to study '' .
the chief minister of india 's anti - corruption party , arvind kejriwal , has been arrested in the capital delhi .
thousands of athletes will compete at this year 's winter olympics in norway , which will be held in norway .
a large fire has broken out at a multi - million pound shopping centre in the lake district .
a drug that dramatically reduces ovarian cancer has been designed by uk researchers . . . ''
junior doctors in england have voted in favour of imposing a new contract , which has been described as ` ` unfair '' .
police in greece are investigating claims that the party 's governing golden dawn party was attacked by a group of men .
the commission for northern ireland -lrb- eeecutive -rrb- has said it is ` ` relieved '' that justice minister peter horner 's decision to change the law on abortion .
an archive of scotland 's best - known scottish author has been acquired by the national library of scotland .
exeter chiefs head coach alan paver says ellis chapman has taken the ` ` bull by the horns '' .
birmingham city 's winless run continued as they were held to a goalless draw by bolton .
an animal welfare charity has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' at london zoo 's decision to quarantine the animal .
a 73-year - old woman has been criticised for being ` ` stupid '' to get a phone line to her home .
more than 1,000 syrian refugees have been resettled in coventry , the city council has said .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is ` ` outraged '' about the uk voting to leave the european union .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a car in gwynedd .
a motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a car in south yorkshire .
newcastle ended aston villa 's three - match winless run in the championship with a narrow victory at aston villa .
a mosaic has been unveiled at lincoln cathedral to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the bombing of the netherlands .
chris holroyd 's stoppage - time equaliser earned dover a 2 - 1 win at macclesfield .
a 51-year - old man has been charged with eight offences relating to an air rifle attack in surrey .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex offences after a football association worker was arrested .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
northern ireland will host the 2021 commonwealth youth games in the bahamas , it has been announced , the organisers have announced .
two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a car in ballymena , county antrim .
st mirren have signed dundee united striker cammy smith on loan until the end of the season .
northern ireland 's first minister has said she will seek a judicial review into her decision to change the planning policy .
west ham striker andy carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a groin injury .
surveyors are calling for a change in stamp duty to increase the stamp duty on second homes in the uk .
pop star kylie minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in recognition of her work in the industry .
commonwealth games gold medallist louis mackenzie is set to return to south africa at the 2016 rio 2016 olympics .
a farmer in the philippines has been vandalised and vandalised a field trial of genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops .
a plaid cymru am has said he is ` ` shocked '' by a break - in at his home in cardiff .
a garden dedicated to pink floyd legend syd barrett is to be created in the grounds of a hospital .
a team of archaeologists are hoping to re - built a neolithic building at stonehenge .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman in her home in south - west london .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a 16-year - old boy who died after an assault outside a pub .
actor henry mccowen has died at the age of 82 , the national theatre has confirmed , aged 83 .
the set of emmerdale 's emmerdale home is to be offered a new series of tours .
new cardiff city head coach ole gunnar solskjaer has been sacked by the club 's supporters .
a gin distillery in the borders is set to open its doors for the first time in more than 200 years .
formula 1 bosses have rejected plans to revert to a new elimination - style elimination elimination system .
venezuela 's border with colombia has been temporarily closed for the first time , the country 's government says .
scotland scrum - half greig laidlaw says there is a reason for his side 's poor start to the six nations .
plans to transform aberystwyth university 's old college into a ` ` cultural quarter '' have been unveiled .
monty python star john palin has been awarded an honorary fellowship at the bafta tv awards in london .
ukip leader nigel farage has said the government should be ` ` completely mad '' for reducing net migration to below 100,000 .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- will launch a night tube service next year , mayor boris johnson has said .
former labour leader george galloway has been accused of ` ` wasting police time '' after he lost his seat in bradford .
england will play scotland in the 2018 world cup qualifier between scotland and scotland at hampden on saturday .
the met police has closed a reinvestigation into the death of a man who was murdered in north london .
liverpool 's mayor has outlined plans to cut council tax by # 4.1 m a year .
canadian authorities have ordered a nationwide recall of one of the world 's largest gin brands , which had been deemed too high .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo reflects on ghana 's progress in africa .
the award for children 's author roald dahl 's best - selling children 's books has been announced .
in the wake of the election of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , many of those who want to keep britain in .
a blogger who sued a council leader over comments she made on her blog has had her case dropped .
the number of syrian refugees being resettled in wales has increased by 30 % in the past year .
the bbc 's new series of the griffins is to be shown on the bbc for the first time .
the scottish league cup quarter - final between clyde and dunfermline athletic was postponed because of a frozen pitch .
the united states women 's team of the women 's football team have been honoured in a parade in los angeles .
power has been restored to all homes in northern ireland after an electricity fault led to a power cut .
derby county 's championship play - off hopes were dented by a lacklustre ipswich town side .
the inr institute for human rights -lrb- inr -rrb- has created a database of the names of auschwitz prisoners .
british luxury retailer kingfisher has agreed to buy a majority stake in its chinese home improvement business .
the nba 's first regular - season game between indiana and toronto raptors has been played in the uk .
wales midfielder neil taylor will miss the rest of the season after suffering an ankle injury in swansea city 's 1 - 1 draw with sunderland .
jason kenny describes himself as a ` ` stuntman '' and ` ` stuntman in the sky '' .
accrington were knocked out of the league one play - off places as they were beaten 2 - 1 by bradford .
adele has said she is ` ` humbled '' to win this year 's grammys award .
a man who murdered a pensioner in glasgow has been jailed for nine years and jailed for his murder .
a funeral service has been held for a dj who was found dead at his home in the city of bristol .
a man has been fined after being struck by a rangers fan during a game at pittodrie .
polls have closed in tunisia 's presidential election for the first time since the overthrow of president zine al - abidine ben ali .
volkswagen 's chief executive has said he is ` ` optimistic '' that the company will find a solution to the emissions scandal .
belgian cyclist motoo demoitie has died after being hit by a motorcyclist during a race in france .
israel 's prime minister has condemned iran 's recent ballistic missile test , accusing it of breaching un resolutions .
wolves moved to within a point of the championship play - off places as they beat leeds at elland road .
the authorities in the north - eastern brazilian city of porto say they are searching for eight people feared dead after an explosion at a factory .
a canadian wildlife park has charged a company with animal cruelty and animal cruelty offences after complaints about animal welfare .
great britain 's max muller has become the first british rider to win a motogp race .
cardiff city head coach paul trollope says he does not want to lose any players at the club .
the families of three london schoolgirls who travelled to syria to join so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- have said they are ` ` distraught '' .
welsh cyclist elinor barker says she is ` ` incredibly supported '' by british cycling 's governing body .
wales internationals hal robson - kanu and neil cox are among four players released by swansea city , the club have confirmed .
shares in mainland china fell on tuesday after the government 's latest stock market data showed growth in china .
andy pearce 's first - half goal helped dagenham & redbridge beat 10-man dagenham .
the number of children in foster care in scotland is at a ` ` critical '' level , according to a new report .
the world 's largest forest is being destroyed by illegal logging in the amazon rainforest , the bbc has learned .
the creator of dad 's army has died at the age of 89 , after a short illness .
lionel messi scored the only goal of the season as barcelona beat atletico madrid to move level on points with la liga leaders barcelona .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound fell against the dollar in the third quarter , according to a closely watched survey .
the scottish government is to consider banning the growing of genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops .
south sudan 's state tv has become the latest sign of the conflict in the country 's capital , khartoum .
it 's been a week since the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
a 16-year - old girl with leukaemia is aiming to inspire others to learn how to diagnose cancer .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has been accused of failing to contact victims of crime .
a us judge has lifted a ban on the sale of samsung 's galaxy-1 smartphones .
exeter city striker james spencer has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a foot injury .
jamie vardy scored twice as leicester city beat liverpool to move level on points with premier league leaders chelsea .
turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty .
a teenager who was diagnosed with leukaemia has become the first person to receive a stem cell donor .
joe cardle scored twice as dunfermline beat falkirk 3 - 1 in scottish league one .
dozens of passengers were evacuated from a ferry after a fire broke out on the deck of a boat .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on wednesday , helped by a surge in jobs data .
the family of a girl who was diagnosed with a rare form of muscular dystrophy have held a special appeal to raise money .
members of the prison officers ' association in england and wales are to take part in a ballot on industrial action .
a teachers ' union has voted to tighten rules on ` ` fundamental british values '' in schools .
labour leadership candidate yvette cooper has said she is ` ` worried '' that the party could split if jeremy corbyn wins the contest .
former prime minister sir vince cable says he is ` ` proud '' of the government 's plans for free trade .
former england and manchester united striker tom finney has died at the age of 91 . . . .   < q >
it has been a decade since the stormont house agreement was first introduced to the northern ireland executive .
michael gaiman 's novel the sandman has won the national book of the year award for best book .
it 's been a year since the end of this year 's british politics , with some of the best - known figures in british politics .
oscar - winning actress margaret potts is to play a role in disney 's dreamgirls .
he 's one of the best - known paralysed men in the world , but now he has a mixed bag .
wales under-20s wing tom james has signed a new contract with the national side of the world cup .
a judge in california has thrown out a case that allows apple to unlock the iphone of a terror suspect .
egyptian security forces have clashed with protesters in the capital cairo , hours after a man was killed by police .
detectives investigating the murder of a schoolgirl in blackpool are to appeal for information about her murder , the bbc understands .
a pub owner who stabbed a man with a meat cleaver has been jailed for four years .
clashes have broken out at a factory in india 's northern state of haryana , where two workers were killed .
when pergolizzi started playing music in the us , she had no idea that she wanted to licence it .
a man who was attacked by a gang - raped man with a broken nose has begun searching for his killer .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country .
a woman who went missing with her two - year - old son has said she is ` ` more than happy '' to find him .
hollywood actress amy dunham has said she is over trying to find the ` ` selfish '' way to make her opinion .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on wednesday , boosted by a surge in banking shares .
a northern ireland business owner has lost his legal bid to publish details of the renewable heating incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
it 's been a year since nick griffin was elected as an anti - immigration mep .
an escaped corn snake has been found at a park in londonderry , the sspca has said .
plans to turn a former coal mine into an ` ` eyesore '' have been approved by a council .
a former soldier has been arrested in connection with an investigation into alleged corrupt payments to police officers , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said .
venezuela 's military says it has received a text message from the government that the search for a missing venezuelan military helicopter .
a man has set a new world record for making a giant snack in a chip shop in edinburgh .
manchester united have signed manchester united striker adnan januzaj on loan until the end of the season .
the prime minister is to start a tour of indonesia to discuss the threat of so - called islamic state .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower on friday , despite a sharp fall in us shares .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has begun a week - long rally in the capital , pretoria .
england will need to ` ` pull their fingers out '' when they face pakistan in the second test , says captain james anderson .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he would not swap striker kenneth zohore for the club .
carlisle united manager keith curle says he wants to ` ` spend money '' on his future at the club .
west indies beat west indies by seven wickets in the first test in hobart to take a 2 - 0 lead in the series .
manchester united 's michael carrick is the best central midfielder in english football , says manager sir alex ferguson .
home secretary theresa may has unveiled plans for a ` ` whole life tariff '' for killing a police officer .
holly cotton has paid tribute to ` ` the most beautiful woman in the world '' after her final appearance on bbc radio 4 .
bristol full - back luke arscott has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- lts -rrb- is to launch a 24-hour 24-hour search and rescue teams .
people dressed as a clown are being treated as ` ` clowns '' , police have said .
the first episode of doctor who has been found in the uk for more than 40 years , the bbc has confirmed .
plans to build a ` ` brand new '' bus service in bristol have been criticised by a group of campaigners .
what is believed to be scotland 's first gold medal haul from 3,000 years ago has been unearthed on the isle of coll .
wales goalkeeper danny ward says he would like to stay at huddersfield town if he wants to leave the club .
a man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a baby 's remains at a home in east london .
police have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the discovery of a number of nesting birds in the highlands .
a father has spoken of his ` ` beautiful baby girl '' after seeing her body in a bus stop .
singer - songwriter kate hill is one of the world 's best - known artists .
kilmarnock manager lee clark has praised the ` ` courage '' of captain steve smith after he returned to training .
-lrb- close -rrb- : mining giants bhp billiton and rio tinto were among the winners on the london stock exchange .
glasgow head coach gregor townsend was left frustrated after his side were beaten by edinburgh in the pro12 semi - final .
johnny sexton has been ruled out of ireland 's tour of south africa because of a groin injury .
china 's government has announced a crackdown on phishing attacks in the country 's most popular search engine .
the trial of three al - jazeera journalists accused of helping the muslim brotherhood has begun in cairo .
the authorities in the brazilian state of amazonas say they have arrested dozens of inmates who escaped from a jail .
an australian airliner has been forced to move back to safety after a snake became trapped in the wing .
chinese actress vanessa yeoh has been named best film actress at the golden globe awards in hong kong .
a body has been recovered from a river in cumbria after getting into difficulty while swimming in the water .
nepal 's government says it will not issue permits to climbers who have lost their legs to frostbite .
tim kluivert 's first - half goal earned ajax a 3 - 1 win over pec zwolle .
a mumbai court has ordered bollywood star salman khan to stand trial in connection with a 2002 hit - and - run crash in 2002 .
newcastle falcons have signed leicester tigers prop toby flood on a two - year contract .   's contract .
the scottish professional football league -lrb- spfl -rrb- has updated its rules on tackling ` ` unacceptable behaviour '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on monday , boosted by declines in technology and technology companies .
a new committee is to be set up to investigate whether the appointment of the next attorney of the house of commons is ` ` seriously flawed '' .
the number of wedding weddings held in gretna has risen to its highest level since records began .
a terminally ill man has launched a legal bid to challenge a high court challenge to assisted dying .
league one side oldham athletic have signed former walsall defender ryan macgillivray on a two - year deal .
paris st - germain maintained their 100 % start to the season with a 2 - 0 win over lyon .
at least two people have been rescued from the rubble of a building in the nepalese capital , kathmandu .
an independent review is to be launched into the quality of life for older people in residential care in wales .
linfield and linfield have agreed a new date for the first leg of their champions league qualifier .
here 's a daily guide to some of the key stories in wales about the country 's politicians .
a british man has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle indecent images of children into the us .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a rare shark has been discovered off the coast of aberdeenshire , police have said , after it was found on a beach .
cambridge moved into the league two play - off places with a 1 - 0 victory over exeter city .
a 24-hour strike by bus drivers in cardiff has been called off after union members voted to reject a new offer .
a bbc drama about derren brown 's ` ` self - asphyxiation '' has been banned from broadcasting .
the us and arab nations have rejected a plan by egypt to hold a regional review of nuclear weapons .
a ukulele orchestra has won a court battle with a german - based group over its use of lyrics .
slovakia is one of the world 's oldest democracies , and one of europe 's largest democracies .
the police service of northern ireland is investigating the case of a teenager shot dead by the army during the troubles .
a woman accused of causing the death of a man in a crash in aberdeenshire has told a court she was ` ` in a washing machine '' .
hibernian manager neil duffy has been fined # 250,000 by the scottish football association for failing to control his team 's players .
a woman who died after being hit by a lorry in torry has been named by police .
norwich city have signed midfielder jon dijks from belgian side ajax for an undisclosed fee , reports bbc radio norfolk .
plans to redevelop a denbighshire hospital have been rejected by the welsh government .
a pilot and his wife have been rescued after a light aircraft crash in bedfordshire , police have said .
the hit musical made in dagenham is set to return to london next year , it has been confirmed .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has called on all trade unions to join a commission on workplace rights .
guinea - bissau have qualified for the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon , despite being paid outstanding payments .
venezuela 's vice - president nicolas maduro has said he is ` ` united in our heart '' to give the state of the union a statement .
a group of prominent dissident activists from cuba 's catholic church have been detained by police in cuba .
hamilton accies manager pedro caixinha 's ` ` own stamp '' is needed to improve his players , says former club boss martin canning .
former england captain clint hill has been ruled out of action for the rest of the season because of a knee injury .
the united states has said it is ` ` no rush '' to extradite mexican drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman to the us .
surrey were bowled out for 172 on day one of the t20 blast quarter - final against surrey at headingley .
the former chief executive of the christie hospital in london has been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours .
syria 's government has said it is ` ` in war '' with the us , after the government said it was responsible for its use of barrel bombs .
a florida judge has told a judge that a man accused of shooting dead five people at an airport in the us state of florida .
us president barack obama has imposed sanctions on iran 's nuclear programme , which he says will be ` ` better than any deal '' .
the new head of the vatican bank is to take over as the next government 's new financial affairs department .
the number of homes being repossessed by landlords in england and wales has fallen , figures show .
great britain 's jo butterfield won her second gold medal at the european wheelchair athletics championships in belgrade .
a rare edition of adolf hitler 's mein kampf is to be auctioned for the first time .
a report has called for a ` ` root revolution '' in the way shoppers are promoted .
four men have gone on trial accused of funding terrorism offences in syria , including the so - called islamic state .
the european union has said it is ` ` intensively '' to agree a deal to end the migrant crisis in greece .
national league side solihull moors have signed former rushall united and england under-21 defender jamie proctor .
england manager mark sampson says he believes his team will have won the right to compete at the rio olympics .
documents obtained by the bbc reveal the extent of the uk 's invasion of rockall in the outer hebrides .
lufthansa is suing lufthansa for a second time in a dispute over pay .
two russian fighter jets have advanced into the black sea , us officials say , after a monitoring mission in ukraine .
india 's central bank has said it is ` ` legitimate '' for the country 's central banks to do so .
maternity services at caithness general hospital in caithness are to be overhauled by the health board .
shrewsbury town have signed arsenal midfielder jack jebb and midfielder james mcallister on loan until the end of the season .
james mckee 's hat - trick helped ireland beat poland 3 - 0 in the world league 2 semi - final in belfast .
one of the world 's richest men , warren f feeney , is a billionaire who has spent more than 30 years living .
an ex - police officer who was sacked after failing to answer gross misconduct has been cleared of gross misconduct .
mae ' r adeilad wedi cadarnhau bod yn parhau gwasanaeth ambiwlans llundain .
scottish farming leaders have been talking about the potential of leaving the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a man who carried out a ` ` safe '' robbery at a greater manchester shopping centre has been arrested .
technology entrepreneur tim woodford has criticised the government 's lack of funding for start - ups in the uk .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in a forest in surrey .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill has announced his retirement from rugby at the end of the season .
david lloyd 's unbeaten century helped sussex secure a draw against glamorgan at hove .   's expense .
atr-72 -lrb- atr- atr-72 -rrb- has crashed into a river in taiwan .
former foreign secretary david cameron has called for the uk to tackle corruption in russia during his visit to moscow .
police are searching for a pensioner who has absconded from a mental health unit in swansea .
it 's been a year since the birth of a place name in wales , and it 's important to change .
it 's a week since the start of the year , we ' ve been using emojis .
bookmaker ladbrokes has reported a fall in profits as it continues to ` ` significantly '' its results .
a man who was found dead in a bungalow has been named by police as ` ` no further action '' .
health inspectors have called for ` ` significant improvements '' in services for older people in the western isles .
the bbc is to revert to its current affairs affairs affairs programme today at wimbledon , the corporation has announced .
the number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in the uk has fallen , figures show .
a historic railway station in nottingham has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
the father of a tycoon who stabbed his father to death has been jailed for 30 years .
the medical director of the central african state of car , catherine gerizapa , has told the bbc that there is ` ` terrorism '' .
tottenham moved into the premier league 's top four as christian eriksen 's penalty earned them victory at manchester city .
scotland 's political leaders have been asked to give holyrood the power to increase income tax .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he is ` ` forced to accept '' the government 's new bailout deal .
kenya 's military has released cctv footage of soldiers carrying out a raid on a shopping centre in the capital nairobi .
radiohead and radiohead have suspended betting on the band 's new james bond song , after the band was accused of ` ` taking the plug '' .
a school pupil who was killed when a coach crashed into a motorway bridge has been named by her father .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog in lincoln , police have said .
a county rostrevor nevis doctor has said he is ` ` encouraged '' to climb the top of the mountain .
burundi 's prosecutor 's office has said it is ` ` confident '' that the government is responsible for the murder of an opposition general .
a lollipop lady was ` ` blind '' when she was hit by a car , a court has heard .
researchers at cardiff university have developed a new way to find cancer cells in the fight against the disease .
fighting has broken out in the libyan city of benghazi , after a military commander launched an offensive against islamist militants .
a man has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence for starting a fire which destroyed a leisure centre .
china has criticised china 's new national security laws for ` ` breaching the limits '' of its security laws .
arsenal ended hull 's hopes of reaching the fa cup quarter - finals with a draw against hull city .
the head of the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- says she has lost confidence in surrey police commissioner ken owens .
a hotel in the borders is looking for a new job as a ` ` desk job '' .
virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- is the latest tech firm to launch its own virtual reality review -lrb- virtual reality -rrb- .
the first round of the efl cup has been confirmed by the english football league -lrb- efl -rrb- .
more than 50,000 vehicles have been involved in a collision on the m1 in county armagh .
britain 's andre ward will fight dmitry kovalev for the vacant wba super - middleweight title in germany on saturday .
lewis hamilton says he is ` ` not worried '' about his start to the malaysian grand prix .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a collision between a tractor and a tractor in lincolnshire .
more needs to be done to improve children 's lives , according to a new study . ''
argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner has urged the national security agency to investigate the murder of a transgender woman .
a man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a dog owner who was attacked by his dog .
a japanese woman has been ordered to return her son to the uk after a high court judge ruled she was unlawfully kept in the uk .
mps have voted to take legal action against rupert murdoch over his role in the news of the world .
bodypositive our bodypositive and bodypositive is coming up with our body brigade .
a british man who travelled to syria to fight with islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants has been named as one of the uk 's most dangerous fighters .
china 's state - run media have reacted angrily to the us 's decision to block access to artificial islands .
a piece of henry moore 's work is to be returned to london after more than 50 years .
britain 's andy murray will take on great britain in the davis cup semi - final on sunday .
manchester city and arsenal will play in the quarter - finals of the europa league in the group stage .
a group of brighton supporters have called for a ban on ` ` homophobic '' chanting by the club 's fans .
watford striker odion ighalo scored twice as his side beat newcastle to move level on points with premier league leaders chelsea .
labour has elected its new police and crime commissioner for south wales -lrb- police -rrb- .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower after the federal reserve raised interest rates on wednesday .
barcelona have been fined $ 5.5 m -lrb- # 5.5 m -rrb- for the signing of brazilian forward neymar .
a three - month - old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in gateshead .
ospreys head coach steve tandy says there is ` ` question marks '' over his team selection in the pro12 .
a male lion that escaped from an electric fence in south africa has been moved to a national park .
katie archibald won gold in the women 's individual pursuit at the track cycling championships in hong kong .
worcestershire 's pre - season game against worcestershire at new road has been abandoned because of bad weather .
the local government association -lrb- lga -rrb- has named the most bizarre 999 calls of the year .
a man has been stabbed in a ` ` brutal attack '' at a hospital in greater manchester .
south korea 's opposition party has set a new world record for the longest - running filibuster .
ams have voted to back the wales bill after the assembly voted to support the new devolution bill .
exeter city have signed republic of ireland striker james morrison on a two - year deal . . . .   < q >
us president - elect donald trump has said france will not be affected by the paris terror attack .
scotland 's athletes have been selected to represent great britain at this summer 's olympics in rio .
thailand 's lydia ko has become the youngest winner of the us women 's pga tour by reaching the age of 18 .
daniel craig has paid tribute to his ` ` beautiful '' role in the role of james bond .
scott weatherson scored twice as queen 's side beat queen 's park 3 - 0 in scottish league two .
in our series of letters from african journalists , mannir dan ali and ollie williams have taken to the streets of ghana .
former mclaren driver alexander wurz says he is ` ` very excited '' to rejoin the manor team .
broadband providers are being urged to ` ` up their game '' about price increases , a charity has said .
great britain 's tom daley won gold in the men 's 4x100 m synchronised 10 m platform event at the world championships .
eight people have been charged with running a brothel in the uk , police have said in connection with a suspected ring .
ballymena united have signed glenavon striker darren boyce on a 30-month contract .
a scotch whisky distillery is set to benefit from a # 1.75 m project to raise funds for the community .
us investment banking giant jp morgan has said it is planning to move its uk headquarters out of london .
birmingham city have signed dundee striker greg stewart on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee , subject to a medical .
more than 1,000 neuro - tech technology patents have been filed in the last five years .
bbc scotland 's election debate is to be broadcast live on the holyrood team on bbc scotland .
the uk 's new royal navy base is to be built at rosyth in rosyth later .
two migrants have been killed in a suspected hit - and - run incident in the channel tunnel .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at the celtic v rangers v rangers match .
a baby has been born with dna from three people who have been able to give birth in the uk .
it 's been a year since the american football team won the super bowl - and it 's time to start playing .
the story of afc wimbledon 's football club is set to be turned into a film for the first time .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has renewed its sponsorship of wales football team under armour .
wycombe wanderers striker adebayo akinfenwa has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by his red card against wycombe .
worcestershire 's batsmen dominated day two of the county championship division two match against worcestershire at new road .
silicon valley tycoon bruce allen has unveiled plans for a private space plane , which could carry passengers into space .
the eu needs a ` ` complete overhaul '' of the european union , according to a german newspaper .
ukip has spent more than # 2,000 on campaigning in the european elections , figures show .
it 's been a week since the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- was closed by the chief executive of the belfast telegraph .
a man has been charged in connection with a suspected hit - and - run crash in greater manchester .
an 82-year - old woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in edinburgh .
a woman has appeared in court charged in connection with the discovery of a baby 's body at a house in east london .
tributes have been paid to two motorcyclists killed in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
a 27-year - old man who escaped from a bus in manchester city centre is being sought by police .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was hit by a car in west yorkshire .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in scotland rose by 4,000 between october and december .
a cancer surgeon accused of attacking patients with a ` ` time bomb '' has told a court he was ` ` on the way to get cancer '' .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city striker james vaughan for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
sam allardyce says he will be ` ` happy '' with england 's preparations for euro 2016 .
charlton athletic have signed defender stuart pearce from oldham athletic for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year - old boy was stabbed to death in south london .
us toymaker mattel has said it has reached a deal to buy us toymaker hasbro .
a school that was placed in special measures by ofsted has announced it will close at the end of the year .
hearts have signed hearts midfielder jordan rherras and defender callum sammon on two - year deals .
belfast city council has said it is considering a plan to redevelop its headquarters in belfast .
a second man has been charged with murder after a man was killed in a hit - and - run crash in bedfordshire .
cambodia 's national living rights campaigner has launched a campaign to highlight the plight of the country 's forests .
android is to get a security update on its mobile phone operating system , following a security problem that has been discovered .
two men accused of killing a teenage girl in goa in 2008 have lost their appeal against their convictions .
league two side stevenage have signed australian striker chris herd and striker frank nouble on two - year deals .
fleetwood reached the second round of the fa cup for the first time with an extra - time victory over southport .
a house in north - east england , by renowned british artist caroline bell , has been demolished .
` ` i do n't do n't know anything , '' says jeremy fernandez .
the founder of italian football club ac milan has launched a campaign to celebrate 100 years since his death .
wales ' euro 2016 semi - final against portugal has been described as ` ` running out of clean clothes '' .
republican presidential candidates have clashed with the media in a live tv debate in boulder , colorado , in a bittersweet debate .
england full - back sam tomkins has returned to wigan warriors for the first time since joining saracens .
oscar - winning actress mary berry has said she was ` ` disappointed '' by her success at the oscars .
two large industrial estates in southampton have been bought by the uk 's biggest shipping company , allied british ports .
a parade has been held at yeovil military base in memory of soldiers from the royal marines .
oscar - winning actress dame judi denbighshire is to benefit from a new building .
hibernian captain kris commons says he has no plans to stay at the club until the end of the season .
the story of a four - year - old boy found dead in a river in perthshire is the front page of the scottish papers .
it 's been a year since mclaren won the formula 1 world title , and it 's only one of them .
a fire has broken out on the m8 motorway in south lanarkshire , causing long delays .
a furniture shop owner has been jailed for eight years after admitting selling cannabis and a shotgun to other people .
plans to turn a new school in dumfries into a new education hub have been unveiled .
shakin ' stevens has been voted bbc cymru wales 's radio cymru wales radio cymru award .
england batsman alex hales has donated # 4,000 to a fan who asked for a bank account of # 4,000 .
two men have been found guilty of plotting to join so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
mohamed aluko 's first goal of the season earned nottingham forest a draw against nottingham forest .
police in germany say they have arrested a man suspected of plotting to kill borussia dortmund football team .
more than 200 families are to be encouraged to take part in free travel to great sankey leisure centre .
the first round of moldova 's presidential election has taken place in the country 's second round .
american weightlifter jamie vardanian has failed retests after testing positive for a banned substance .
china 's economy grew by 6.8 % in the final quarter of the year , official figures show .
the uk 's education system is too ` ` incoherent '' for young people , according to the house of lords .
a new air ambulance service is to be launched in north and mid wales , it has been announced .
lancashire captain tom smith is to retire from cricket at the end of the season because of a back injury .
kent football club has reported a loss of # 150,000 in the year to the end of the financial year .
rescuers in belgium are investigating the death of three whales who were stranded on a beach in the faroe islands .
scotland captain leone nakarawa will leave glasgow warriors at the end of the season to join pro12 side zebre .
teenager ben woodburn became the first liverpool player to reach the semi - finals of the efl cup with victory over liverpool .
plans to transform a grade ii - listed town centre into a visitor centre have been approved by councillors .
belgium has become the first country to introduce a ban on full - face veils in the country .
japan 's nikkei group , rika kita , is one of the world 's biggest newspapers .
plans to close oxford 's queen street have been put forward by the council to prevent pedestrians and cyclists .
great britain 's men 's 4x100 m relay team won their first ever world title in russia .
prime minister theresa may has urged china to work with international partners to stop north korea from carrying out illegal activity .
the uk has the worst rates of obesity in europe , according to a new report by a leading health expert .
the government has been urged to protect whistleblowers from ` ` appalling treatment '' .
jockey michelle payne is to be investigated after being found to have a banned substance in her urine sample .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes says his side 's performance against aberdeen was ` ` like two proper heavyweights '' .
the national union of farming -lrb- nfu -rrb- has said it will not be campaigning in the eu referendum .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been sentenced to 20 years in jail for their part in the massacre of the iraqi city of tikrit .
royal mail has painted a postbox in the town of henley - on - thames to mark the olympic games .
india 's national dish , which is popular for many of the world 's most popular restaurants , is a staple of recipes .
greece is struggling to cope with the country 's financial crisis , and it 's been a huge hit .
plymouth 's ryan kelly has been charged by the football association for allegedly abusing a ball boy .
a children 's hospital in ceredigion has opened its doors to the public as part of the building .
sam smith has been nominated for this year 's grammy awards , with eight nominations in total , total .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has agreed a deal to buy newport 's rodney parade ground .
plans to redevelop a surrey village into a # 1.5 m regeneration scheme have been unveiled .
derry have made four changes for saturday 's all - ireland sfc qualifier against donegal at breffni park .
british rowing has launched an investigation after a woman said she was ` ` scared '' of a british rowing coach .
an advert for independent blogs has been removed from the site of the week after it was found to contain malware .
in the burmese parliament , aung san suu kyi , the president of the country 's military , said she had ` ` delayed '' changes to the constitution .
victims of human trafficking and human trafficking are being urged to come forward with the help of the victims .
the snp has won overall control of all council areas in scotland and scotland , according to official figures .
swansea city are set to appoint former barcelona boss slaven bielsa as their new head coach .
a controlled explosion has been carried out on chemicals at swansea university 's new university headquarters in cardiff .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a schoolgirl who was sexually assaulted in 1982 .
saudi arabia has announced a joint military alliance of 34 countries , including saudi arabia , iraq and syria .
the co - operative bank has said it is in advanced talks with a group of investors to recapitalise its operations .
three bbc radio and radio programmes are to be moved from a pembrokeshire village after a consultation was launched .
a new exhibition has been unveiled to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the lord warden of wellington .
the democratic republic of congo were knocked out of the africa cup of nations by zambia in the quarter - finals .
a former police chief has criticised the government 's counter - terrorism strategy for tackling extremism .
spotify has launched a new music streaming service , which allows users to stream music videos and videos .
a fire has broken out at a disused pub in rhondda cynon taff , police have said .
ulster university -lrb- uu -rrb- has warned that it could be ` ` adverse '' if the uk leaves the eu .
a primary school head teacher who admitted making indecent images of children has pleaded guilty to child sex offences .
fulham have re - signed fulham 's danish international andreas christensen on a season - long loan .
lewis hamilton says there is an ` ` immediate response '' for the start of the chinese grand prix .
gateshead have signed former hartlepool united and hartlepool defender ryan sweeney on a two - year deal .
the new series of children 's tv show the littleman is to be broadcast on bbc one .
a man accused of murdering his landlord with a hammer has told a court he was ` ` completely angry '' .
china 's ding junhui continued his fine start to the season with a 4 - 2 victory over china 's liang wenbo .
geraint thomas has backed sir dave brailsford as team sky 's new chief executive .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested in norwich on suspicion of hacking into the talktalk website .
hillary clinton and bernie sanders have clashed over who they say they would be a ` ` democratic presidential candidate '' .
andy murray beat milos raonic in straight sets to reach the semi - finals of the australian open .
a new memorial is being unveiled to a scottish submarine commander who served in the royal navy during world war two .
plans to allow gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offences to be posthumously pardoned have been announced .
a five - year - old girl has died after being hit by a car on the m4 .
an australian woman who travelled to syria to fight with so - called islamic state has been jailed for four years .
derbyshire pair shiv godleman and shiv thakor have signed new contracts with the county .
royal bank of scotland has raised # 3.1 bn for the first time since the financial crisis .
a teenager has been arrested in connection with a paramilitary - style attack in newtownabbey , county down .
a motorcyclist has died after a crash on the a90 in dumfries .
austria has announced plans to limit the influx of migrants into the country as part of a plan to curb the influx .
haiti 's interim president michel privert has been sworn in , two months after he was sworn in .
scotrail has announced plans to create 100 new train drivers in scotland as part of an ` ` unprecedented '' recruitment drive .
a british man who groomed a teenage girl in australia has been jailed for seven years for sexual offences .
campaigners have clashed with police over the treatment of a man who died after being stopped by police .
the former chief executive of the national asset management agency -lrb- nama -rrb- has been released without charge .
michael dunlop clinched pole for saturday 's opening superbike race at the dundrod 150 grand prix .
kendrick lamar 's first studio version of his album to pimp a butterfly has been released on streaming services .
a former wales rugby player has ended his attempt to become the first person to successfully climb mount everest .
a man has been fined # 20,000 after falling from a petrol engine in a field .
telecoms regulator ofcom has said it is considering options for bt 's openreach division .
russia 's state tv has shown live coverage of separatist protests in eastern ukraine , which are seen as ` ` psychological attacks '' .
take that have announced a series of concerts at wembley stadium in a bid to break the record for the biggest ever tour .
it 's been a year since andy murray became the first man to be crowned world number one .
a conservation charity has issued a warning for the safety of arctic terns in the north east of england .
ross county have signed livingston striker scott on a two - year contract , with the option of a further year .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher after the bank of scotland voted to leave the union .
universities in england have rejected calls to scrap tuition fees and increase interest rates , boris johnson has said .
lawyers for bradford bulls say they are ` ` confident '' they can agree a deal with the club .
a bus driver has been suspended after footage appeared to show two men being punched in the middle of a bus .
a group of migrants are trying to find ways to find their bodies in the migrant crisis in turkey .
wayne rooney 's # 85 m move to manchester united is the most expensive signing of the season .
the chancellor of the exchequer , george walsh , has said he would be ` ` unfair '' to see the impact of air passenger duty .
a meat dealer accused of being part of a plot to pass horsemeat to beef has gone on trial .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the challenges of women in africa .
the head of fifa 's reform taskforce has not applied for a role , the bbc has learned .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been suspended over the hillsborough disaster .
a powerful earthquake has struck south - eastern italy , killing at least 15 people and injuring more than 50 .
a man has died after suffering a ` ` medical emergency '' while being restrained by police officers .
the royal yacht has become scotland 's best visitor attraction for 10 years , according to new figures .
two men have been charged in connection with the death of a teenager who was hit by a car .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant known as ` ` craze '' has been released from prison in iraq .
the supreme court has rejected a legal bid by the home office to deport a man who was jailed for nine years .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has urged israel to re - evaluate its contact with the united nations .
edinburgh has been named as the uk 's most congested city , according to a new study .
the first group of syrian refugees to be resettled in northern ireland are due to arrive in belfast .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after a man was found dead in an underground tunnels .
the use of private ambulances in london increased by more than a third last year , figures show .
the number of motorists caught speeding on a stretch of the m4 in north wales has fallen .
wales and india are to benefit from a uk - india year of culture 2017 , it has been announced .
huddersfield giants have signed new zealand - born prop jared ta'ai on a two - year contract .
a charity concert has been held in edinburgh to mark the eighth anniversary of the earthquake in nepal in nepal .
pakistan 's military has appointed a new head of the so - called islamic state -lrb- isi -rrb- .
republic of ireland manager roy keane says he is ` ` delighted '' to stay on as manager of the national team .
derbyshire - based company proserv has won two contract deals worth # 2.5 m.
the body of a man who was found in a street in central london has been identified by police .
tom raggett 's brace helped dover end a run of three straight league defeats with victory over welling .
league two side leyton orient have appointed andy edwards as their new manager on a two - year contract .
police in the italian city of turin have arrested a man suspected of trying to smuggle himself into the cockpit of a foreign commercial airline .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a car was set on fire in east lothian .
league two club leyton orient manager russell slade says he is ` ` learning '' about the future of the club .
bahrain 's human rights chief nabeel rajab has been released from jail after a year in jail .
dumfries and galloway council has announced plans to redevelop the authority 's libraries .
the 50th anniversary of england 's 1966 world cup triumph has been marked by a special tribute to the team .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a woman who was ordered to visit four men with mental health issues has been found not seeking to return to social care .
australian prime minister tony abbott has urged the government to do more to stop refugees making their way to the country .
scottish secretary david mundell has been reappointed as the new scottish secretary for scotland .
british number one johanna konta is through to the semi - finals of the wimbledon women 's singles .
a geophysical survey is being carried out by the national trust -lrb- npcc -rrb- .
pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline is to buy some of the uk 's biggest pharmaceuticals operations .
north korea has said it has paid wages to workers at a jointly - owned industrial complex in north korea .
sam ambrose 's first game as colchester manager ended in defeat as his side were beaten by bradford .
children with type-1 diabetes could be prevented from developing type-1 diabetes , a trial has suggested .
three people have been charged after a protest against heathrow airport 's plans to expand its runway .
geordie shore has said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to the x factor 's new series .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted rape after a woman was attacked by a cyclist in bournemouth .
the sale of scunthorpe 's scunthorpe steelworks is set to be approved by the government .
a rare galapagos tortoise has died at a zoo in the united states after suffering an illness .
two police officers have been shot in the back of a car in londonderry , police have said .
scientists say they have developed a new map of the hidden world 's longest - running water .
the women 's super league one final at wembley will be staged at wembley for the first time .
four people have been charged with the murder of a man who died after being attacked at a mill .
the liberal democrats have made history by - elections in england and wales , scotland and northern ireland .
a terminally ill five - year - old boy who was diagnosed with terminal cancer is to lose his fight against everton .
the first trailer for the new transformers film has been released at the london premiere of the film festival .
league one side walsall have signed falkirk striker callum leahy on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
bangladesh beat bangladesh by seven runs in the second test in chittagong to complete a 2 - 0 series win .
liberal democrat leader nick clegg has called for a ` ` northern powerhouse '' for wales to be paid back to the community .
a mother and her two young sons were found dead at their home , an inquest has heard .
rochdale 's league one play - off hopes were dented as they were beaten by scunthorpe .
a plan to build 13 new homes in govanhill has been approved by councillors in the city .
tyson fury 's fight against wladimir klitschko has been called off by the uk anti - doping agency .
a pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in stoke - on - trent .
the us has said it will restart operations at a nuclear power plant in north korea , after pyongyang said it was ` ` irresponsible '' .
the funeral of a scottish couple killed in the sousse terror attacks has taken place in perthshire .
the uk 's cyber security agency has said it believes it was behind the wannacry ransomware attack in north korea .
more than 200 jobs have been lost at a snowdonia attraction after a fault led to its closure .
china has successfully launched its first ever space mission , with the country 's first ever astronaut capsule .
six teenagers have been jailed for a series of attacks on motorists in birmingham and the west midlands .
a londonderry - based company has gone into administration with the loss of about # 1 m .
the white house says it is ` ` very concerned '' that hackers may have breached us government records .
a celebration of the forth road bridge will take place later this month , organisers have announced . .
a football club has apologised after reports of a ` ` loud noise '' from its stadium .
mae heddlu gogledd cymru wedi cael eu galwmpas ar finadau yng nghymru .
the creator of the tv series thunderbirds has spoken of the ` ` bitterest blow of all '' after being diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease .
the australian government has changed its stance on the amount of sunshine sunshine in the middle of the year .
the syrian city of aleppo is struggling to cope with air strikes on rebel - held areas of the city .
newport gwent dragons flanker matthew pewtner has announced his retirement from rugby at the age of 29 .
german prosecutors have arrested a man suspected of spying on the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the world 's fastest motorbike racer , john mcguinness , is the fastest man in the world .
gianfranco zola scored the only goal of the season as birmingham city came from behind to beat birmingham city .
the government has been urged to ` ` get on '' with the government 's support for triggering article 50 .
ukip 's new leader , paul kassam , has urged the party to be ` ` great again '' .
queen 's university in belfast has announced plans to cut the number of student places in the uk .
bury have appointed lee clark as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year contract .
` ` i ' ve never heard of anything that '' says prof patrick roberts , the university of leeds professor of leeds , professor of food security .
worcester warriors director of rugby stuart hogg says the club 's new pitch is ` ` important '' to the game .
a man has been jailed for sexually abusing a teenage girl and posting abusive messages on social media .
a convicted rapist has been deported from the uk after being sent back from an immigration removal centre .
linfield moved to within a point of the premiership play - off places with victory over glenavon .
chris brown has said she is ` ` happy '' to be a father with his partner , chris brown .
more than 30 children have been rescued from homes and businesses in warwickshire after flash floods hit the county .
eritrea 's government has been accused of ` ` an attack on humanity '' by the un .
three men have been jailed for attacking a lecturer with a broken nose and punching his ex - girlfriend .
a five - year - old girl has been injured after an explosion exploded on a train in florida .
russian defence secretary ruth breedlove has said russia is ` ` trampling on international law '' in response to the annexation of crimea .
former nhl player gordie howe has died at the age of 91 , his family have confirmed .
england 's record - breaking victory over new zealand at twickenham has been described as one of the world 's greatest sporting upsets .
real madrid moved level on points with la liga leaders real madrid with a convincing win over 10-man real sociedad .
premier league champions leicester city were held to a goalless draw by bournemouth in their opening game of the season .
the death of a man who was found in a mental health unit could have contributed to his distress , an inquest has heard .
lyon and besiktas have been forced to leave the pitch after crowd trouble marred their europa league tie at lyon .
a driver has been taken to hospital with life - threatening injuries after a car crashed into a pub in wiltshire .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was attacked in gwynedd .
there 's one of the main political parties in the north west and the polls in the general election .
bristol city ended their three - match winless run in league one with victory over ipswich town .
it is the world 's most famous desert , and it 's one of the most common places .
google has launched its own version of its voice - friend 's voice and assistant , google home .
mae ' r democratiaid rhyddfrydol wedi dweud bod yn etholiad cyffredinol yng nghymru .
a crowdfunding campaign has raised more than # 2.6 m to fund the iraq war .
irish trainer padraig harrington has won the grade one race at cheltenham for the first time since 2007 .
the government has voted to back a bill to allow the government to back the triggering of article 50 .
a new species of bird has been discovered in india 's himalayan himalayan region of arunachal pradesh .
thirteen aston villa fans have been arrested after a brawl at a football match in which eight people were arrested .
us president - elect donald trump has said he will nominate judge gorsuch to be the next us supreme court justice .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in newtownabbey , county antrim .
manchester city manager mark hughes says he is frustrated by the lack of interest in giannelli as he continues to work out .
former world champion stephen hendry beat peter lines 6 - 0 in the first round of the bdo world championship .
a man has been taken to hospital after being shot in the window of a house in north belfast .
a jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man at a fife graveyard has been sacked .
a new centre has been set up to tackle the cost of tackling wounds in hospitals and hospitals .
scotland 's russell knox shot a three - under - par 66 to share the lead at the travelers championship .
russia coach leonid slutsky has called on the national team to take charge of the 2018 world cup .
chancellor george osborne has said the budget surplus will be ` ` a significant negative economic shock '' .
a large whale has been spotted in belfast harbour harbour , the harbour authorities have said , as they continue to monitor its behaviour .
glasgow city council has said it will take ` ` full responsibility '' to protect the rights of the orange order during the annual twelfth of july parade .
a memorial service has been held for rugby league player george jones who died after collapsing on the pitch .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for murdering his mother in a ` ` jealous and unimaginable '' murder .
west ham have signed ravel morrison from manchester united for an undisclosed fee , bbc radio manchester understands .
hundreds of migrants and refugees have been evacuated from a makeshift camp in the french port city of calais .
a romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in jail for hacking into the us government 's email account .
the story of a spanish deportee who was imprisoned in germany during world war two has been marked by a spanish historian .
former top gear star ed sheeran is to appear on bbc two 's new series of top gear .
it 's been a year since the release of a french singer who murdered his wife in 2001 .
scotland women 's national team players are in talks with the scottish football association over terms and conditions .
newport county manager graham westley says he is still confident he will remain at the club until the end of the season .
cuba 's government has denied that the design of two high - profile compounds named after the revolutionary leader and founder of the cuban revolution .
andre gray 's equaliser earned burnley a point against blackburn at turf moor , who remain top of the championship .
the government 's plan to give free school meals to all primary school children in england has been scrapped .
the uk 's exit from the european union would ` ` significantly reduce net migration '' , campaigners have said .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has re - appointed morocco 's bid to host the 2015 africa cup of nations .
england 's phil mickelson is three shots off the lead after the second round of the open at royal troon .
leeds united have signed kalmar striker antonsson on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
durham all - rounder jack buck made his first county championship century of the season as they beat durham at chester - le - street .
counter - terrorism officers are to be issued with tasers in scotland , it has been confirmed .
azhar ali 's unbeaten half - century gave australia the upper hand on day two of the second test in adelaide .
the us economy is ` ` off and running '' , according to the latest official figures from the federal reserve .
campaigners are calling for a local authority to rethink its handling of asbestos - related illnesses .
england 's jimmy walker missed out on a place in the final round of the open at royal troon .
tiny skin skin skin - filled ` ` skin '' has been designed by researchers in the us .
it 's been a year since malaysia 's government intervened to seize money from the malaysian government .
a report into the death of a man in prison in county londonderry has found there was no chance to achieve an alternative outcome .
the german city of hamburg is set to become the first city in the country to introduce a law on open - door migrant camps .
author harper lee 's first book to kill a mockingbird is to be released , her lawyer has said .
here 's a full guide to the key stories from the daily and sunday politics and the daily politics .
an ambulance service is to be ` ` compromised '' due to ` ` performance issues '' .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has been selected to take part in the first debate of the 2016 campaign .
the mother of a us teenager who was killed by a drink - driving driver has asked a court to rule on whether he will die .
a man is in hospital with life - threatening injuries after being attacked in a park in birmingham .
an orange hall in county antrim has been attacked by vandals who attacked the doors and windows .
ricky 's first virtual reality headset , the oculus rift , is being sold at auction .
more than 30,000 people have signed a petition to challenge the world 's oldest carving championships .
the last days of the woolly mammoths have gone extinct in the wild , according to scientists .
the cia has released details of documents stolen from the private account of cia director john brennan , who has been working for 25 years .
a mother - of - two in the us state of utah has been left locked inside a car in a hot car .
actress keira knightley and actress james righton have married in a ceremony in the french town of marseille .
olympic long jump champion greg rutherford has apologised after missing out on the final day of the super weekend .
the first series of the walking dead is to be shown in the uk , it has been announced .
a new law to protect victims of rape is to be introduced in the house of commons later this week .
a terminally ill five - year - old boy who was diagnosed with terminal cancer has been given a christmas card .
a man who murdered a woman at a mental health unit has been jailed for life for her murder .
jockey henry ackerman has been stripped of his # 5,000 fine for breaching rules of race rules .
crosscountry has said there will be no changes to its scottish timetables for the festive period .
tributes have been paid to former birmingham city footballer joel richards who was killed in the tunisia terror attack .
world number one michael duffy beat china 's ding junhui in the first round of the uk championship .
the pay bill for nhs managers in england has risen by more than # 150,000 , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
it 's the first day of this season 's heineken cup , and it 's not just a matter of time .
a strike by lecturers is set to go on thursday in a dispute over pay , the bbc understands .
jamie rowley has stepped down as head coach of super league side leigh centurions after two years in charge .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on the a34 in dumfries .
a new form of divorces has been criticised by family lawyers for allowing people to name their wife .
a sinn [ UNK ] mla has been told to apologise after posting a tweet about steven nolan .
the labour party is ` ` at least as bad as ever '' , former welsh secretary david howells has said .
andy murray 's defence of his wimbledon title against world number one andy murray has been dismissed by the bbc .
tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea .
tottenham defender jan vertonghen will miss the rest of the season after having an ankle injury .
south - eastern indonesia has become one of the world 's most densely populated countries , with a vast population of about 200,000 people .
belfast giants moved level on points with elite league leaders cardiff devils after a 5 - 1 win over manchester storm .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was attacked with a knife in north tyneside .
former birmingham city and birmingham city defender robbie savage has backed steve bruce as manager of the championship club .
two dutch ministers have resigned , hours after they claimed they were paid compensation to a convicted drug trafficker .
the home office has apologised to muslim women who have been told to teach them to stay in the uk .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
it 's a pretty unusual week for taylor swift to perform at this week 's vmas .
the body of former eastenders actress sian blake has been identified as that of her two young sons .
hearts have signed defender ned eckersley on a two - year deal from danish side fc copenhagen .
a charity has said it is ` ` overwhelmed '' with demand for support for disabled people in wales .
police have appealed for information after a small bomb was found at an aberdeenshire nature reserve last week .
the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has launched its propaganda channel on twitter .
it 's a tale of cinderella in brooklyn , where it 's been described as a ` ` psychological brain - worm '' .
us president barack obama has re - opened the country 's embassy in cuba in the 1950s .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a three - year - old boy was hit by a car .
a woman has been found guilty of abusing five children in the east anglian area of norwich .
a man who murdered schoolgirl paige doherty in a ` ` savage and frenzied attack '' has been jailed for life .
aaron ramsey 's first goal of the season gave arsenal a narrow victory over norwich at carrow road .
` ` i do n't know what i ' m scared , '' says a farmer who has said .
the welsh government has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about plans to redundancies at bbc studios .
the road race in rio de janeiro was the scene of one of the worst crashs in the world .
the met office has issued new weather warnings for scotland , with more than 1,000 people expected to be expected .
a group of whales have been stranded on a remote island in the isle of lewis after being stranded for more than a week .
mae aelod cynllunio amlineinol yng nghymru wedi cael ei gafoddus newydd .
a body has been found in a fire at a block of flats in fife , police have said .
nigeria 's former government minister hausa dasuki has been arrested in connection with a multi - million dollar arms deal .
starbucks has reported better - than - expected quarterly profits in the fourth quarter of the year .
ross county manager jim mcintyre has been shortlisted for the scottish premiership player of the year award for a second time .
brian matthew , the bbc 's radio presenter and broadcaster , has died at the age of 86 .
foreign secretary philip hammond has said israel 's actions in gaza are ` ` unacceptable and unjustified '' .
england all - rounder james vince is set to play twenty20 cricket at the t20 blast in mumbai .
a group of people in timbuktu in mali 's capital , bambuktu , have gathered in the capital , timbuktu .
china 's state schools need to be more radicalised , says the country 's leading academic .
a campaign to raise money for the return of cecil the lion 's head has been launched in zimbabwe .
the un security council has unanimously approved a resolution to send more than 200 police officers to burundi 's opposition forces .
shares in dundee - based investment firm alliance trust have risen after the company announced changes to its management structure .
uk foreign secretary boris johnson has cancelled a visit to moscow to discuss ` ` the state of russian issues '' .
braintree town manager danny cowley says his side are ` ` living in cloud cuckoo land '' after they beat barrow .
the kremlin has rejected claims that russia was involved in a ` ` witch - hunt '' campaign .
a consultation is to be held on the future of a school in oxford which has been rated ` ` inadequate '' .
police are investigating a ` ` horrendous '' assault on a woman in south lanarkshire .
prime minister david cameron has announced plans to launch a global anti - corruption summit in london .
two polish men have appeared in court in poland to claim that a nazi train was buried in the ground .
tesco has agreed a deal to buy its fresh & easy business in a deal worth [ UNK ] # 80 m .
ipswich town have signed midfielder george samuel on a season - long loan from reading and qpr striker sam huws .
great britain 's katie ledecky won olympic gold in the women 's 4x100 m freestyle -lrb- 4,000 m -rrb- in rio .
a campaign to halt the spread of tb in cheshire has been set up by a farming farming union .
great britain 's para - cycling team have won two gold medals at the rio 2016 paralympic games .
the search for a scottish gardener who has been missing for more than two weeks is to begin on tuesday .
olympic gold medallist jessica ennis - hill 's decision to retire is ` ` a tough decision '' , says her coach toni minichiello .
more than 5,000 people have been killed in floods in haiti , the country 's government says .
donald tusk 's announcement that the uk 's departure from the european union is likely to trigger a divorce deal .
preston north end manager simon grayson has confirmed that captain bailey wright will leave the club at the end of the season .
the new vicar of a church in north - west england has been given the backing of the children 's vicar .
a man accused of murdering his wife with a kitchen hob in a house fire in essex has gone on trial .
nhs direct has said it will continue to run the same number of non - emergency 111 services .
the uk 's three foreign ministers are set to meet in the first round of brexit talks .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has promised to ` ` do our best '' to protect the nation 's debt .
the election campaign has become a ` ` battleground '' for the uk 's political parties .
the irish premiership game between institute and ballyclare town football club has been damaged by flooding .
an eight - month - old baby died from sepsis , an inquest has been told .
police in hong kong say they have arrested a man suspected of stealing hundreds of watchers from emirates .
a young woman who was kidnapped by islamist militants in north - eastern nigeria has been freed , her family say .
league two side morecambe have signed midfielder tom barkhuizen on a two - year deal .
a collection of cut - out works by artist matisse is to go on display at the tate modern .
a train has arrived at an international airport in kent for the first time in more than 100 years .
we ' ve been using a virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- headset to look at the best views of our planet .
activity in the uk 's construction sector slowed in february , official figures show , despite strong weather conditions .
the nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has opened disciplinary proceedings against nigeria international keshi after he failed to attend a disciplinary hearing .
seattle has recorded a record - breaking earthquake that has broken the world record for the highest noise ever recorded .
the authorities in the democratic republic of congo say they are investigating the burial site of more than 100 dead .
a us judge has ruled that women 's football team will not be able to strike in a dispute over pay .
st johnstone striker steven maclean has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club , with the option of a further year .
nigeria 's football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has begun work on its headquarters in the capital , lagos .
the scottish labour party can no longer turn to the ` ` big beasts '' , its leader has said .
the government 's plans to expand grammar schools in england have been rejected by philip hammond , the first minister has said .
the number of taxi and private hire car drivers in scotland received more than 1,000 complaints last year .
this year 's children 's laureate for children 's literature has been named as the uk 's national laureate .
a man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in st gallen , police say .
plans to cut funding for school transport in derby have been deferred after councillors agreed to defer plans .
the us supreme court has voted in favour of the government 's plan to give birth control decisions .
police in michigan say they have arrested a woman who shot dead a shopflifter in a suspected robbery .
scientists have created tiny fingerprint structures that could be used by self - driving cars in a laboratory .
a school in the indian state of delhi has been criticised for selling a book on food to children .
england all - rounder moeen ali says he is ` ` more than happy '' to play in the series against india .
the price of oil has fallen for the first time since 2012 after opec decided to keep crude at record low .
a hospital in lincolnshire has been forced to pay a ransom of up to $ 15,000 -lrb- # 6,000 -rrb- .
channel 4 has confirmed that shane meadows will return to film a sequel to the hit film the 1980s .
three primary school cleaners have been sacked by a labour mp for ` ` gross misconduct '' .
the turkish government says it has summoned the russian ambassador to ankara to condemn russia 's ` ` incomprehensible actions '' .
the chief constable of avon and somerset police is to return to work with the chief 's council .
england 's hopes of reaching the final test against australia were dented by an excellent batting display .
bolton wanderers defender dorian derkovic has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club .
the us department of justice has said it is prepared to launch a ` ` drug resort '' on its land in the us .
nottingham forest striker britt assombalonga will not be allowed to leave the club because of a transfer request .
division two leaders nottinghamshire suffered their first defeat of the season as they beat notts by seven wickets .
swansea city head coach paul clement is in talks with the club 's board of directors over the vacant managerial position .
the founder of a counter - terrorism store has said she is considering changing the name of the ` ` isis '' .
an inquest into the death of a woman who underwent emergency neurosurgery surgery has raised concerns about a lack of beds .
the bodies of 43 mexican students who went missing last month have been found in mexico 's capital , mexico .
australian police have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the deaths of eight people on a popular tourist ride in canberra .
england women 's superleague team - mate lauren housby has signed new contracts with the netball superleague .
the death of dozens of whales stranded on a beach in india 's tamil nadu state is being treated as murder , officials say .
a giant wind farm off the coast of scotland has become the first of the world 's first floating offshore wind farms .
it 's not easy to say that brexit is an essential moment for the uk 's future .
a british university student is proposing to develop an app that could help people from the dangers of natural disasters .
crystal palace manager sam allardyce has announced his retirement from football at the end of the season .
south africa 's appeal court has rejected a bid by oscar pistorius to change his conviction to murder .
a man has been found guilty of conspiracy to commit a # 150,000 car insurance scam .
lorry drivers in kent have said they are ` ` absolutely disgusting '' to solve a problem that has caused traffic disruption .
ed sheeran has said he is ` ` excited '' to be going to tour the uk .
luke berry 's brace helped cambridge beat cheltenham 3 - 1 in the league two play - off final .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the six nations quarter - finals suffered a setback as they were beaten by ireland .
a helicopter manufacturer is to close its operations with the loss of more than 200 jobs , it has been announced .
amnesty international has called for an independent inquiry into human rights abuses in indian - administered kashmir .
an inquest into the death of an 11-year - old boy in bradford has been adjourned .
a venezuelan military plane has been shot down in the south - eastern state of caracas , officials say .
a safety warning has been issued by the fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- following two separate incidents in london .
a pennsylvania lawmaker has been found guilty of fraud and money laundering offences , including the son of chakah .
a us judge has sentenced a man to life in prison for his role in the 1998 attacks in the us .
us president donald trump has signed an executive order to bar people from seven mainly muslim countries in the us .
mae dyn oedd oedd wedi dweud ei gafodd ei gafodd argoed yn sirhowy .
` ` if you 're a pop star , '' says jennifer lopez 's new york perfume shop .
ireland 's shane lowry is one shot off the lead after the third round of the us pga championship .
the family of a british journalist killed in turkey say they are ` ` deeply sceptical '' about her death .
wales midfielder joe ledley says he is ` ` delighted '' with wales manager chris coleman 's future .
scunthorpe moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over fleetwood .
four britons have appeared in court charged with ` ` international terrorism '' , the bbc understands .
police have named a man they want to speak to in connection with the deaths of two people in dumfries .
the mother of a woman who died in a car crash in the highlands has paid tribute to her ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
first minister nicola sturgeon has said she will take the time to investigate the results of an opinion poll .
nico rosberg set the pace in second practice at the singapore grand prix as mercedes dominated first practice .
the way broadband providers are advertised has been changed by the uk 's advertising watchdog -lrb- asa -rrb- .
police have appealed for witnesses to a series of vandals who attacked four vehicles in edinburgh . .
millions of pounds of compensation for mis - sold payment protection insurance -lrb- ppi -rrb- -lrb- -rrb- -lrb- is -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
salford red devils half - back ben sneyd has signed a new contract with the super league club .
nigeria defender kenneth omeruo has joined turkish side kasimpasa on a two - year deal .
in the aftermath of the collapse of the philippines , yahya jammeh has been accused of stealing more than $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 700 m -rrb- from the government .
a new children 's book has been named waterstones book of the year by author david solomons .
more than 100,000 people have taken part in an anti - abortion march in belfast .
here is a full list of the players who have been named in the squad for the 2017 - 18 season .
the government 's plans to double the amount of money to fund weekly bin collections have been backed by the government .
two men have been jailed for five years for conspiring to smuggle heroin into the uk .
a school has changed its name to the islamic state -lrb- isis -rrb- .
a man has set a new world record by riding a ` ` super trolley '' on his own .
united states women 's team - mate hope solo has been given a two - match ban by the national team .
hull fc will play hull fc in the semi - finals of the challenge cup for the first time since 2009 .
former radiohead and radiohead singer ed hall is among the nominees for the 2016 hyundai music prize .
the president of vanuatu has declared a clean - up after cyclone pam struck the island of vanuatu on friday .
google has confirmed that its satellite - providing project project project has shut down its operations in the us .
a woman has been taken to hospital after a two - vehicle crash on the a75 near dalkeith .
a public inquiry into plans to build a # 1.5 m motor racing track in rhondda cynon taff has been opened .
german banking giant deutsche bank has reported a fall in profits as it continues to rattle its stock market .
national league north side wrexham suffered their first home defeat of the season as they were beaten 2 - 0 by wrexham .
it 's not often that children will be able to play video games , but i ' ve never heard how to do it .
rangers leapfrogged queen of the south into second place in the championship with a hard - fought victory at queen 's park .
it 's fair to say how much they are going to clamp down on tax evasion .
the muslim council of wales has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the treatment of a muslim teacher who refused entry to the us .
a report into the proposed redevelopment of casement park in west belfast has called for a reapply for a new stadium .
if you 're going to get a virtual private network -lrb- vpn -rrb- , it 's a good idea that you 're planning to connect your home .
turkey 's foreign minister has said turkey is ready to work with kurdish separatists in syria and iraq .
thousands of people have descended on florida to celebrate the annual tomato festival in the town of tomatina .
plans to redevelop a victorian building in cardiff city centre have been approved by councillors in the city .
it 's been a year since west ham were relegated from the premier league to london , but the club 's new home will be rebuilt .
actor david broadbent is to play a role in the great train robbery , it has been confirmed .
olly murs and caroline flack have been named as the new host of the x factor .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes believes his side are capable of reaching the scottish cup final after beating rangers 3 - 0 .
wales manager chris ramsey says his team have made the ` ` proud '' of qualifying for euro 2016 .
league one side southend united have re - signed bradford city striker jordan houghton on loan until the end of the season .
a large section of cliff in bournemouth has collapsed after part of a cliff collapsed , the council has said .
it 's a busy week for the metropolitan police to investigate allegations that officers were involved in drug trafficking .
two new incubators will be used on wales air ambulance 's new operating system , it has been announced .
thousands of people are expected to watch this year 's glastonbury festival , which organisers say is the biggest event in the world .
glasgow warriors moved level on points with pro12 leaders leinster with a bonus - point win over leinster .
police are investigating the death of a 73-year - old man who was found dead at his home in saltcoats .
the number of scottish firms going into administration has fallen for the first time in four years , according to new figures .
cardiff blues maintained their 100 % record in the european challenge cup with a bonus - point win over pau .
three female members of staff at a school have been arrested on suspicion of neglect after a pupil was injured in a swimming pool .
league one side oldham athletic have signed former oldham athletic and oldham athletic defender nicky morgan - smith on a two - year deal .
edinburgh 's city council has apologised after five businesses were found to be trading waste .
the head of india 's dera sacha sauda religious sect has resigned after an appeal by the censor board .
former leyton orient chief executive ian porter is to leave the club at the end of the season .
milk is n't the cheapest in the world , but it 's only only only one of the world 's cheapest countries .
the body of a missing man has been found in the river severn in shropshire , police have said .
royal bank of scotland has been fined $ 1.6 bn -lrb- # 1.6 bn -rrb- for selling illegal rates .
a massive lava spillage from japan 's kilauea volcano has plummeted off the coast of hawaii .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the vuelta a espana to nine seconds as italy 's mario trentin won stage four .
mobile phone operator o2 has been rated as the best in the uk , according to a report .
american patrick reed is aiming to play for the united states in the final round of the ryder cup .
burmese artist aung san suu kyi is to attend this year 's brighton festival , organisers have said .
at least eight people have been killed in a plane crash in north - west colombia , officials say .
a man has been cleared of stealing a cat which went missing from her home in kent more than a year ago .
israel 's anti - terrorism agency has issued a warning in india that the country 's new year 's eve celebrations are under threat .
the head of an inquiry into historical child abuse in scotland has said he is ` ` hopeful '' a report will be made into the inquiry .
uk retail sales volumes fell by 0.5 % in the year to may , official figures show .
facebook has unveiled a new messenger app that allows users to post on the social network via its messenger app .
it 's been a year since i first met a woman in a fake version of the internet .
when facebook 's parent company decided to move in to a new company in silicon valley , it 's worth of money .
harry potter and the cursed child is to be turned into a new film based on the fictional child .
norwich city have re - signed defender sam surman on a season - long loan from norwich city .
thousands of people have been evacuated from the costa rican capital , san francisco , after a volcano erupted .
prime minister theresa may has said the ` ` starkest way '' of justice in the hillsborough disaster is ` ` of great public importance '' .
saracens ran in seven tries to beat oyonnax in the european champions cup quarter - final .
a 15-year - old girl who went missing from a school in leicestershire has been named by police .
exeter chiefs scrum - half lee chudley will miss the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
a teenager accused of the murder of labour mp jo cox has said he does not believe a ` ` hero '' who called him ` ` a hero '' .
the northern ireland economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
nico rosberg set the pace in first practice at the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix as mercedes dominated first practice .
equiniti , the uk 's largest technology company , has won a # 500,000 grant from the government .
turkey has said it is ` ` on a par with a terrorist organisation '' after ankara said it would not see turkish forces in northern syria .
the parents of a girl who died in a boating accident have set up a code to protect her children .
there is little doubt about the outcome of the forthcoming border poll in northern ireland , but there is no doubt that there will be a border poll .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
french police in the southern indian city of bangalore say they have filed a complaint against the french ambassador .
scientists say they have discovered a hotspot on jupiter 's great red hotspot , which is hot .
it is one of the most remarkable stories in the world , but the fa cup gets under way .
the jury in the trial of footballer ched evans has retired to consider its verdict on rape charges .
two belfast men have been jailed for their part in an illegal drugs operation in belfast that left two people dead .
us cable operator charter is to buy time warner cable for $ 78bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 78bn -rrb- .
tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east belfast .
ukraine 's deputy prime minister has accused the us of ` ` failing to intervene '' in a draft memo by the us .
a court in bangladesh has sentenced a prominent islamist leader to death for atrocities committed during the 1971 war of independence .
a tweet about abercrombie 's ` ` gay pride '' has been described as ` ` ridiculous '' .
rugby league 's anti - doping agency -lrb- ukad -rrb- says it is ` ` positive '' for players caught taking banned substances .
the bbc 's annual sports personality of the year will be revealed in a live panel on bbc one .
it 's one of the most important challenges facing disabled people in the uk , but what do they need ?
england beat west indies by seven runs in a rain - affected one - day international in chittagong .
a 28-year - old woman has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a train .
two bodies have been found in the north - eastern libyan city of tripoli , the government says .
a court in nigeria has sentenced a british man to life in prison for trying to blow up a flight in the us .
a former bakery boss accused of sexually abusing boys was an ` ` abuser '' , a court has heard .
northern ireland 's first community support group has been set up in a bid to help people with rare disease .
the former prime minister of the late sir edward heath has said she has no knowledge of any misconduct in the case .
four men have been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a car crash in barnsley last month .
a 12-year - old boy has won a record - breaking world record for the world 's oldest pumpkin .
a woman who died in a two - vehicle crash in the borders has been named by police .
a former music teacher accused of raping a student has told a court she was ` ` obsessed '' with female students .
a committee of msps has called for tougher action to tackle the problem of bullying in schools .
league two promotion chasers afc wimbledon were held to a goalless draw by 10-man afc wimbledon .
homes and businesses in north wales have been badly damaged by flooding , the fire and rescue service has said .
this year 's ladies ' championship gets under way in the uk , with the first women 's and women 's singles at the same venue .
footballer joey barton has had his six - match ban extended by the football association for a second time .
` ` i ' m a fan of the killers , '' says the bbc 's sam smith .
rail passengers travelling between south wales and london are being advised to check their journeys as part of major improvement works .
british number two kyle edmund lost in the quarter - finals of the gerry weber open in canada .
the director of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said he is willing to share details of his conversations with president donald trump .
a high court judge has rejected plans to build electricity pylons to wind farms in denbighshire .
dublin 's all - ireland sfc semi - final hopes were ended by a 1 - 12 defeat by mayo in dublin .
a group of african leaders has launched a $ 5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 5.5 m -rrb- prize to promote democracy .
israel 's deputy chief of staff has said israel is ` ` arousing fears '' about the holocaust .
a car has been pulled over by police in south - west london after being caught with parking tickets .
a computer that was used by german forces during world war two has been recreated using 3d printing technology .
the us military has said it is investigating a mass brawl that took place in the us city of west point .
microsoft is proposing a replacement for the next version of the windows 8 operating system , it has been claimed .
the family of a man who was attacked by a nurse at bristol dental hospital have said they will not reopen the case .
police in the indian capital delhi have charged a taxi driver with raping and raping a female student .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the government 's policy of helping nurses in ghana .
world number one dustin johnson says he is ` ` delighted '' with his recovery from a back injury .
a council in northern ireland has apologised for failing to allow two children 's characters to appear at a christmas lights switch .
world number one mark selby and china 's ding junhui are through to the quarter - finals of the world championship .
a green party councillor has been charged with taking part in a protest against tree replacement works in sheffield .
chinese businessman tony xia has been named as the new chairman of aston villa , the premier league club .
three boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in north london .
in the wake of the ousting of egypt 's president ali bin ali in february 2011 , the military was able to use ` ` decisive force '' .
league one side peterborough united have extended the loan spell of peterborough united left - back ryan foster until the end of the season .
the irish football association has rejected a complaint by warrenpoint town over the club 's suspension of carrick rangers manager .
league two side luton town have signed former fulham and fulham defender gary lawless on a two - year deal .
police are using social media to encourage fans to posed for selfies with armed officers at a music festival .
in the wake of the volatility in the banking crisis , the question of the bank of england 's banking system is about the future .
the world 's fastest growing greenhouse gas emissions are set to be phase - out in a bid to curb climate change .
the uk 's unemployment rate fell by 1.6 % in the three months to november , official figures show .
manchester city boss pep guardiola could make a ` ` big revolution '' for english football , says former manchester city and manchester city midfielder xavi .
notts county have signed nottingham forest midfielder ryan yates on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a teenager in a south lanarkshire village after being convicted of murdering him .
the world 's longest - reigning monarch , tshering tobgay , is one of the most remote countries in the world .
the brother of a man who died after being trampled by cows has said he wants to look at ways to prevent the deaths .
aldershot town have appointed andy waddock as their new manager on a two - year contract .
wales should stop talking about the ` ` hard and soft brexit '' , a plaid cymru mep has said .
the us government 's national security agency -lrb- fbi -rrb- has said it is ` ` very important '' that the technology is used to control the encryption .
the widower of a woman who died after being restrained by police and paramedics has been cleared of her death .
it 's been a week since labour leader jeremy corbyn was elected to the communist party .
iain henderson and tommy bowe will miss ulster 's pro12 game against zebre on friday .
two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by three men at a house in the east end of glasgow .
a rare bird of prey has returned to a perthshire nature reserve after a two - year absence .
strictly come dancing star jay vilani has announced her retirement from the next series because of a wrist injury .
the number of children being put for adoption in foster care in england has dropped by more than a third in five years .
china won the men 's table tennis gold medal at the 2016 olympics in rio with a 3 - 1 victory over china .
it 's the world 's largest comedy club , the refuge , a co - founder of one of the country 's most popular comedians .
the european football league -lrb- epfl -rrb- has agreed to allow euro 2016 matches to be played on the same night as european games .
it 's one of the world 's rarest crocodiles , but it is n't easy to take eggs from farms .
the metropolitan police has said it is ` ` absolutely shocked and devastated '' that some of the women who knew they had relationships .
england under-23 striker beth mead has signed a new contract with women 's super league one club sunderland .
a study into the impact of sea - level changes on one of the uk 's most vulnerable routes has been published .
us president barack obama 's statement on the paris climate agreement has been described as ` ` unrealistic '' .
manchester city have accepted an anti - doping charge for failing to ensure they are clean by the football association .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was attacked in powys .
a motorist caught doing 51 mph in a 30 mph zone has been stopped by police .
a levy on parking in nottingham has been introduced by the city council to pay for a parking permit .
the parents of a schoolgirl who was hit by a motorbike have said they are ` ` shocked '' by her parents .
the mother of a soldier killed in the bosnia war has said she was ` ` mortified '' to find his suitbag .
at least 30 people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in ethiopia 's oromia region .
cardiff city 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs were dented as they were held to a draw by bristol city .
swansea city 's winless run in the premier league was extended to seven games as joe milner 's penalty earned them victory at swansea .
two police forces in wales have been rated ` ` good '' by the police watchdog , following a review of policing .
nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the western state of mumbai .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino says he is not for sale after tottenham striker harry kane was released by manchester united .
as scotland gears up for a second referendum on the terms of the uk 's membership of the european union , bbc scotland 's andrew wo n't have a separate referendum .
british number two kyle edmund beat spain 's sergio garcia - lopez to reach the second round of the china open .
edinburgh will move to edinburgh 's myreside stadium for the 2017 - 18 season , it has been announced .
in the early hours of the morning , doctors in the ukrainian city of boris are still struggling to keep their medical records .
french actress jean lebeau , best known for her role as ` ` vive la france '' , has died at the age of 89 .
celtic manager ronny deila says he was ` ` shocked and scared '' to go out of the champions league .
jim ross has signed a new contract with alloa athletic that will keep him at the club until 2020 .
the head of the international commission -lrb- imc -rrb- has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the decision to set up a commission to monitor paramilitary activity .
macclesfield 's national league play - off hopes were ended as they were held to a draw by eastleigh .
the government has said it is ` ` hopeful '' that the government 's flagship children 's financial wo n't get enough money .
cleveland cavaliers 's lebron james has become the first player to be the nba 's most valuable player .
china eastern airlines has apologised to passengers after an engine problem with an engine casing .
celtic winger patrick roberts says he is ` ` delighted '' to believe he can return to manchester city .
a court in indonesia has sentenced two boys to life in jail for raping a 15-year - old girl in an indonesian village .
us president barack obama has said kenya is ` ` on the brink '' of legalising homosexuality .
a memorial has been held for a teenage boy who died after being hit by a car in paris .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at kenya 's elections .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` absolutely insane '' that a number of restaurant workers could be barred from leaving the uk .
` ` there 's a humanitarian situation in syria , '' says the un 's chief chief .
scotland 's peter lawrie says he will not be a good golfer this winter because of an operation on his foot .
talks aimed at resolving the migrant crisis are being held at the european union 's summit in brussels .
italy 's government has urged the eu to help tackle the growing migrant crisis in the mediterranean sea .
two men have been taken to hospital after a light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in lincolnshire , police have said .
more than 100 soldiers are being interviewed by police in connection with the bloody sunday massacre in londonderry .
sierra leone 's government has ordered a curfew to help fight the spread of suspected ebola patients .
the families of hillsborough victims have spoken of their anger at the government 's handling of the disaster .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in the early hours of tuesday .
blackpool football club chairman owen oyston has been awarded # 30,000 in damages from the club 's chairman .
bbc newsround 's sadiq safid has told newsround he will try to find out why he wants to stay in the uk .
ulster moved level on points with pro12 leaders treviso with a bonus - point win over treviso .
plans to build more than 1,000 homes in connah 's quay have been unveiled .
two new cctv cameras have been installed on the international space station -lrb- rdp -rrb- .
more than # 15 m is being sold off by the republic of ireland 's government , the bbc understands .
police in the german city of berlin say they are investigating a series of shootings in the city .
police investigating the murder of a british backpacker in thailand say they have not made people suspects suspects suspects .
nottingham forest have signed former nottingham forest midfielder gary wilson on a two - year contract . . . .   < q >
a woman accused of abusing children has told a court she felt ` ` ashamed and ashamed '' of going to police .
wales striker sam vokes has signed a new contract with burnley , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
the welsh government has said it will not support labour 's candidate for plaid cymru in the general election .
turkey has blocked access to the so - called islamic state -lrb- tor -rrb- network , a monitoring group says .
human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- says it has found new evidence that the syrian government abused more than 6,000 people in detention .
mexico 's football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- says it will investigate fifa 's punishment for ` ` homophobic chanting '' .
former plaid cymru leader lord elis - thomas has said he is ` ` not willing '' to interfere in the welsh government .
england batsman nick compton says he is ` ` intense '' to play in the test against sri lanka .
a man has died and another is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in birmingham .
the airports commission has accused the government of ` ` destroying '' gatwick airport 's case of ` ` groundhog day '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a party in surrey .
world number two stuart bingham says he is ` ` too comfortable '' to play at the aegon championships .
a historic factory in nottingham is set to be demolished to make way for the city 's future .
england began their women 's rugby world cup campaign with a 33 - 0 win over new zealand .
a former tv producer has been jailed for 17 years for plotting to kill his estranged wife in a car park .
more than 13,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30 mph zone , a campaign group has claimed .
a suspect in last week 's terror attacks in barcelona has testified at the spanish court of session .
us president - elect donald trump has signed an executive order on the trans - pacific partnership -lrb- tpp -rrb- .
a rare 15th century masterpiece has been put up for sale at a national trust museum in powys .
luton town have offered new contracts to seven players including jack king , harry potts and jack potts .
a humpback whale has been spotted in the firth of forth in what police described as an ` ` extremely rare opportunity '' .
britain 's greg rutherford became the first briton to win three consecutive great north run titles with victory in the 400 m .
the queen 's official video has been released by buckingham palace after it was released by the bbc .
when fijian rugby player juan matavesi senior died at the age of 74 , his family have paid tribute to him .
a plan to close the centre of oxford 's main road into pedestrians has been approved by councillors .
the british acupuncture council -lrb- acupuncture -rrb- is warning athletes that they will not be able to use hot cups .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the knockout stages of the world cup were dented by a lacklustre display .
pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- has been fined by the uk 's competition watchdog .
lewis hamilton says he will ` ` give everything '' if he wins the united states grand prix this weekend .
derby county manager daryl powell says he is ` ` shocked '' by the club 's disciplinary proceedings against nigel pearson .
the chicago indians beat the chicago cubs 4 - 0 in a baseball world series match in chicago on saturday .
the creator of the bitcoin virtual currency , bitcoin , has said he will not take part in the project .
a painting by pablo picasso has sold at a london auction for $ 300 m -lrb- # 183 m -rrb- .
ukip leader nigel farage is to host the fox business network on fox business , it has been announced .
scotland 's labour leader , joanne lamont , has resigned from the party after two years in the role .
a police officer has paid tribute to a ` ` call for help '' after he helped deliver a baby girl .
plans to build a new nuclear power station at hinkley point have been approved by the french government .
jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- has announced plans to create up to 1,000 jobs at its solihull plant .
frankie dettori stormed to victory in the king george vi chase at glorious goodwood to give trainer aidan o'brien his first victory in 25 years .
a 35-year - old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the republic of ireland .
a footballer who punched a hole in the ceiling during a goal - shortened match has been awarded # 1,000 .
a 21-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after arriving from london 's heathrow airport .
israel has asked israel to withdraw a diplomat from the country 's embassy in sydney , amid an ongoing row over fake passports .
organisers of the tour de france say they have been ` ` copycat '' to knitted knitted bikes and knitted sculptures .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi cael eisteddfod genedlu ' n ` ` croeso '' i gymryd cyfro .
a scottish salmon company has reported a 40 % rise in net profit to [ UNK ] # 1.5 m in the first quarter of the year .
northern ireland 's economy grew by 0.7 % in the first six months of the year , according to a new report .
australian olympic gold medallist sarah tait has died at the age of 82 , her family have confirmed .
the mother of a murdered schoolgirl who was found dead in a canal in london has said the system for monitoring foreign criminals should be reviewed .
when iceland 's central bank was hit by the collapse of its banks in 2008 , it was a tale of an economic slowdown .
a british teacher has been arrested in spain on suspicion of possessing indecent images of young girls .
montrose moved to within two points of scottish league one leaders dunfermline with a comfortable win over montrose .
thousands of people have taken part in a rally in jordan 's capital , amman , calling for political reform .
a woman accused of murdering her two - year - old baby has been granted bail by the health trust .
plans for a shake - up of devolution in wales have been unveiled by the welsh government .
the bbc 's ten pieces of music will be screened at this year 's bbc proms .
gopro , the maker of the quadcopter jet , has announced plans to launch a quadcopter drone .
an engineering firm has secured a # 1.5 m grant from the scottish government to safeguard the rural economy .
stella moore 's latest work in saudi arabia has made her first start in the world , using neon light .
one of africa 's best - known musicians , olomide , has been detained by police in the democratic republic of congo .
a new park and ride service for emergency vehicles at a cardiff hospital is set to be introduced after a gridlock .
common cuckoos are the most common bird in the uk , according to a new study from the uk .
a plan to build solar panels on homes in fife has been unveiled by a council in a bid to cut costs .
` ` the big bang revolution '' is how the city of london 's financial markets are changed .
the former peruvian president , keiko fujimori , is to be able to share social media accounts .
the legacy of the ulster unionist party -lrb- home rule -rrb- is being examined by the bbc 's political editor .
a ` ` night - vision goggles '' is to be installed in staffordshire as part of efforts to catch dog owners .
scotland 's two main airports have reported record passenger numbers for the first time in more than two years .
john higgins won a record - equalling ranking title at the china open in guangzhou on sunday .
apple has raised $ 28bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 12bn -rrb- in bond sales , the company has said .
the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- has suspended six russian athletes for doping offences .
nick gubbins ' unbeaten century helped middlesex earn a draw against middlesex at lord 's to keep their division two play hopes alive .
scots actress karen gillan is returning to the set of a new short film about the suicide of her best friend .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it is ` ` highly criticised '' for changes to its bus network .
it 's one of the best - known technology experiments in the world - and it 's the best way for our lives .
voters in colombia are going to the polls on sunday to elect a new president in the first round of the presidential election .
florence and the machine have topped the uk album chart with their new album , how blue , and how blue .
the president of the united states , barack obama , is to embark on a three - day tour of ireland .
the rmt union has announced a planned 24-hour strike by southern rail , the rail and transport -lrb- rmt -rrb- .
the conservatives have won overall control of derbyshire county council after the final day of the county council elections .
widnes head coach denis betts says he is positive that the team can turn around this season .
a us appeals court has rejected a request by president donald trump to reinstate a temporary travel ban .
a guard on a train between dunblane and edinburgh has been attacked by a security guard on board .
a case of bird flu has been confirmed in lancashire , the department for environment -lrb- defra -rrb- has confirmed .
a hospital trust has apologised for failing to ensure the body of a conservative mep who died after a mix - up .
israel 's prime minister has said the us will not be responsible for a ` ` terrorist threat '' in syria .
gareth southgate has been appointed england manager on a four - and - a - half - year contract .
the eu referendum campaign is under way in washington dc , and the european union -lrb- ttip -rrb- will be dominated by the debate .
an 80-year - old man who was left with a ` ` lost '' cruffled with a toy company has said he is ` ` delighted '' to find a new type of puzzle .
climate change is a ` ` double jeopardy '' of climate change , according to a new study .
a us baseball team has apologised for its role in ` ` racial heritage night '' .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the impact of digital technology in africa .
elgin city moved level on points with scottish league two leaders dunfermline after a 2 - 1 win over montrose .
wales fans have paid tribute to their ` ` heroes '' after qualifying for the euro 2016 semi - final .
car manufacturer tvr is to build a new generation of cars in south wales , first minister carwyn jones has announced .
the first batch of ebola vaccine to be delivered in monrovia has arrived in monrovia .
great britain 's heather stanning and heather stanning won olympic gold in the men 's four at rio 2016 .
at least 30 people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in the romanian capital , manaus , officials say .
hereford united have been relegated from the conference premier after their relegation from the league was confirmed by the league .
the royal navy 's search for the uk 's lost lost lost ship black leg in the falklands war has been recalled .
the family of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a car say they are ` ` 100 % behind it '' .
the republic of ireland 's human rights watch has said the government has failed to meet basic human rights standards .
league one strugglers oldham athletic have parted company with manager ed joyce after only six months in charge .
the owners of a supermarket have said they are ` ` devastated '' after a petrol bomb exploded .
volunteers are being sought to help restore the life of an iron ore mine which is believed to be the first in more than 50 years .
the leader of the welsh liberal democrats has been speaking to bbc wales for the first time since 2006 .
england 's sarah - jane waters won the british national squash title for the first time since 2012 .
stamps have been issued to mark the 350th anniversary of the great fire of london 's great fire .
a cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in the us state of montana , officials say .
more than 50,000 people have descended on the uk for the annual british beards competition .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- opcc -rrb- has said he is ` ` concerned '' about the move of his office .
the summer transfer window closed in england and scotland on tuesday , 1 june , while clubs can sign free agents .
a military museum in dorset is set to benefit from a lottery grant of # 2.5 m from the heritage lottery fund .
google chairman eric schmidt has said he is ` ` persated '' by a debate on corporate tax arrangements .
a new research centre for marine and climate research in northern ireland is to benefit from a # 1.5 m investment .
a house in north belfast has been set alight after an arson attack in the early hours of sunday .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of assaulting a man with a claw knife .
an appeal to find nine suspected illegal wildlife crime suspects has been launched by the international criminal court -lrb- cites -rrb- .
denny solomona scored a hat - trick of tries as castleford came from behind to beat castleford tigers .
ethiopia 's main runner has announced his retirement from competitive sport after more than two decades of retirement .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the chest in lincolnshire .
a new exhibition is being held in powys to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
zambia coach edgar chambeshi says his team have the ability to beat germany in the world cup .
scotland manager gordon strachan says he is ` ` looking forward '' to losing the world cup qualifier against slovenia .
british gymnast josh bevan has been ruled out of the 2016 rio olympics after breaking his left leg in training .
the us and russia have signed a deal to cessation of hostilities in the syrian city of aleppo .
police in nigeria have arrested three people suspected of being involved in acts of homosexual acts , reports say .
artist damien hirst is set to be published in the new york times , it has been announced .
plans to redevelop the site of a former hospital in glasgow have been submitted to the city council .
a 25-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a car crash in cumbria .
a newly - discovered species of ichthyosaur has been discovered in a museum in south yorkshire .
glastonbury festival organisers have announced the line - up for this year 's event .
prof stephen hawking is to present a new lecture on the future of science , the bbc has announced .
macau 's economy shrank in the third quarter of the year , despite a sharp fall in revenue .
us president barack obama has said israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu is ` ` doing the same '' as any other world leader .
universities could be ` ` more vulnerable '' if the uk leaves the european union , the first minister has said .
women 's super league one club arsenal have announced they will change their name to the ` ` women '' .
oil giant royal dutch shell has approved plans to drill in the chukchi sea in the north sea .
the government will not ` ` fall into the trap '' of delivering high - speed broadband , transport secretary jeremy hunt has said .
actress julie mackichan has said the fall is ` ` irresponsible '' and ` ` shocking '' .
high street bakery chain greggs has reported a rise in sales in the first three months of the year .
batsman keaton jennings could be a ` ` scary '' place for england in the final test against south africa , says former captain steve smith .
hundreds of people have marched through the centre of a protest against plans to build wind turbines in lincolnshire .
more than # 30 m is needed to provide palliative care for terminally - ill patients , a report suggests .
china 's government has suspended the closure of a children 's welfare centre in the southern city of guangzhou .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound fell against the dollar after the bank of england 's latest inflation figures were released .
leinster moved level on points with pro12 leaders edinburgh with a bonus - point win over edinburgh at murrayfield .
twenty - eight russian athletes have been banned from the rio olympics after being found guilty of doping offences .
alexis sanchez 's equaliser earned arsenal a point against hull city in the fa cup fifth round .
two teenagers have appeared in court in canada accused of possessing child pornography and distributing indecent images of a teenage girl .
juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has criticised the club 's ` ` overuse of the water polo game '' .
the average commute between work and work in london is at its highest level since 2006 , according to the tuc .
the uk government 's brexit stance on triggering article 50 will not be a veto , the welsh government has said .
the number of livestock worrying incidents in scotland has increased by 70 % in the past year , police have said .
supermarket chain asda is to increase the price of its liquid milk for farmers , it has announced .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has submitted a bill which would allow women to end a pregnancy .
charlton athletic have signed striker ousmane van aanholt from charlton athletic for an undisclosed fee .
iceland began their euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a 2 - 0 win over the netherlands in group b.
a man has been found guilty of murdering his two - year - old toddler in rhondda cymru .
forest green rovers have signed former cambridge united and cambridge united defender mark roberts on a two - year deal .
boris johnson has apologised for giving a backie on the backie of his wife 's bike .
sunderland defender emmanuel eboue has been given a one - match ban by the football association for failing to pay him a contract .
saracens scrum - half nick tompkins has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
a law firm has accused the welsh government of failing to do enough to ensure wales is on renewable energy .
west ham have been told by the london borough council -lrb- lldc -rrb- to buy the etihad stadium .
american basketball star lamar odom has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a las vegas hotel .
a hospital trust has been awarded # 300,000 to pay compensation to a girl who suffered a brain injury .
if you 're going to go head - to - head with google 's apple iphone and iphones , it 's easy to forget that it would be a good idea .
a telescope that has seen the most detailed view yet of planet earth 's history has been produced by scientists .
guernsey fc have been told to pay # 10,000 to play in the first qualifying round of the fa cup .
the us army has said it will not allow the access of a planned dakota access pipeline to cross lake oahe .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has called for ` ` progressive and co - existencies '' in the general election .
nato and nato have scrapped the flag of the alliance in afghanistan , marking the first anniversary of its mission .
police investigating the disappearance of missing bristol woman joanna yeates have released a video they want to trace .
the number of transgender characters in the us has increased , according to a report by a human rights group .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for gusts of up to 90 mph on friday .
non - league westfields have been drawn with non - league merstham united in the first round of the fa cup .
the duke of wales has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about safety fears at a beach where a man drowned .
england were beaten by pakistan in the second twenty20 international at old trafford as the tourists lost by pakistan .
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson says he will not be concerned about his side 's recent form .
an anti - corruption activist in the southern indian state of tamil nadu has said she will not stand for re - election .
wales ' biggest brewer , brains , is to expand into coffee shops in the uk , the company has announced .
plans to introduce a new form of identity for people who do not have their vote have been approved by the government .
three people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in a town centre .
sale sharks have signed tom and tom watson from sale sharks for the first time since the end of the season .
a bee has been moved to paignton zoo to help protect the lives of thousands of bees .
a five - year - old boy was left ` ` shocked '' after a trailer crashed into a farm .
organisers of the rock am ring festival have said they are ` ` shocked '' to cancel the event .
german chancellor angela merkel has called for europe to ` ` take its own hands into their own hands '' .
a man accused of involvement in the hatton garden raid was trying to steal # 14 m worth of jewellery , a court has heard .
reading came from behind to beat burton albion in the championship play - off semi - final first leg .
the shape of a glass glass can help improve the speed of alcohol , according to a new study .
sports direct has said it will cut its stake in sports direct after it reported a rise in the value of the pound .
former world number one mark evans will attempt to reach the second round of qualifying for the world snooker championship .
more than 100 people have been killed in floods in north - eastern thailand , officials say .
boris johnson has accepted an invitation from russian foreign minister sergei lavrov to visit moscow in the coming weeks .
scientists say they have found a key part of the ` ` ageing process '' with lithium in fruit flies .
mobile phone giant ee is to trial its internet drone - based ` ` helikite '' network .
ten people have been treated in hospital after a fire at a block of flats in renfrewshire .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has begun its offensive to retake mosul from the city .
a new app aimed at encouraging people to take their own life has been launched by a campaign group .
there 's a lot of predictor drivers have got the top three at the top of formula 1 .
muslim groups in north america say they are ` ` in solidarity '' with muslims who have been threatened by bomb threats .
the trial of a man accused of murdering his parents in county dublin has heard that he was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia .
us food maker unilever has reported a fall in first - half profits as sales fell .
` ` it 's fair to say that bhs '' is n't the answer .
eurosceptic parties have called for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
exeter city 's league two play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they were beaten by cambridge .
songwriter rod temperton has died at the age of 82 , his publisher has confirmed . . ''
it 's been a year since donald trump 's election as us presidential candidate , but it 's not only the same thing .
the funeral of a teenager who was killed in the manchester terror attack has taken place at a church .
glasgow 's mtv ema -lrb- ema -rrb- awards show will be held on sunday .
munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by an independent review group after scrum - half glenn murray was temporarily removed from the pitch .
a row has broken out over the role of the rnli 's rnli crew members at a station in jersey .
victoria azarenka won her first match since the birth of her baby daughter at the australian open .
india beat india by seven runs in the second test in bangalore to seal a 2 - 0 series win .
plans to build 1,000 homes on the outskirts of cardiff have been submitted to the council .
a planning inspector has refused to reopen an investigation into the proposed redevelopment of the county council 's headquarters .
ryan shankland 's brace helped league two side livingston to a draw with livingston in league one .
a ` ` true '' computer test has been passed by a group of judges at reading university .
the trust behind the proposed garden bridge project in south london has agreed to lend # 10 m to the project .
edinburgh moved level on points with pro12 leaders munster with a hard - fought win over edinburgh .
gordon mckelvie has resigned as director of the independent inquiry into historical child sex abuse -lrb- iicsa -rrb- .
india 's paralympic gold medal - winning paralympians and their families are at the heart of a long - running row .
fulham boss slavisa jokanovic says he will not send striker chris martin back to derby county .
a chunk of what is thought to be from the uk 's first rocket has been found off the coast of cornwall .
some private clinics are being offered to women by the nhs in england to help them identify the risks of down 's birth , a report says .
angela pomsel , one of germany 's longest - serving officials , has died at the age of 89 .
a man has become the first person to play the bagpipes in the world after breaking a new record .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol traffig wedi bod genedlaethol yr eisteddfod genedlaethol .
a group of american climbers who failed to return to the top of mount rainier have been called off .
mae cymru wedi cael eisteddfod genedlaethol cymru yng nghymru .
a court in washington has convicted russian hacker roman seleznev of stealing thousands of credit card numbers .
a burglar has been stolen from an aberdeen sea cadet base , police have said , in what is believed to be a ` ` shameful '' robbery .
a three - year - old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in denbighshire .
a new study has found that some of the earliest known reptiles in the history of live births .
a council has been forced to pay more than # 5 m in compensation after a court ordered a ban on live animal exports .
welsh rugby union -lrb- ukad -rrb- have named ryan watkins as the latest player to be banned for doping offences .
scotland 's deputy first minister has urged the government to do more to protect children from food poverty .
pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- has announced plans to change the way it handles medicines .
malaysia 's government has cancelled a concert by pop star amina badu after publishing her body art .
teachers at a school in aberdeen are to be balloted on industrial action in a dispute over pay .
a football pitch in cardiff has been chosen for the first time as the location for the uefa champions league final .
david cameron is one of the world 's best - known migrant groups , who has been attacked by a group of youths in paris .
the european court of human rights has upheld a ban on the wearing of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- veil .
the jihadist group aqim -lrb- aqim -rrb- , once dubbed the ` ` jihadist group '' , has seen its rise in islamist insurgency in north africa .
the top - earning sequel to the hit film pitch perfect 2 has flopped at the us box office .
the gambia 's government says it is closing diplomatic ties with the gambia after president yahya jammeh 's death .
labour 's draft general election manifesto has been leaked to the party 's manifesto , the bbc understands .
the daughter of a british couple killed in a plane crash in new zealand has spoken of their ` ` dream '' .
manchester city manager roberto mancini says carlos tevez is ` ` not happy '' to play at manchester city .
a tweet by us president louis degeneres has become the most popular in the world .
a man who posed as a 14-year - old girl for sex has been jailed for five years .
a motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a car on a dual carriageway in lancashire .
it 's the chancellor 's budget responsibility -lrb- obr -rrb- .
game of thrones has released its first instalment in more than a decade , with some of the biggest stars in the tv series .
more than half of children in kenya are returning to somalia , a report by the international institute of human rights -lrb- iom -rrb- says .
ukrainian postal service provider ukrposhta has said it has been hit by a major cyber attack .
us investment in clean energy technology has reached its highest level since 2010 , according to a new report .
wales wing jamie roberts will play for cambridge in the anglo - welsh cup semi - final against harlequins on saturday .
steven windass says he has no intention to play in the championship this season after scoring his last goal for rangers .
motherwell have signed striker dom thomas from motherwell for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
the university of belfast is warning that a lack of supply in northern ireland is causing a shortage of foreign students .
ali carter says he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after suffering a crohn 's disease in his final - frame decider against john higgins .
a council has been accused of paying a ` ` huge subsidy '' for a # 6 m bus service in bristol .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called on the defence secretary to intervene to ensure the military remains political neutral .
port vale manager norman smurthwaite says he has made himself ` ` a long time '' to sign teenage midfielder louis smith .
a union representing london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- has said it is ` ` extremely disappointing '' that its members will not be able to work on the night tube .
china 's state - owned steel giant , bosteel , has agreed a deal to merge with its rival .
the general election is under way in wales on 8 june , with theresa may saying ` ` coalition of chaos '' .
the government 's record for nurses working on nhs wards has risen by 5,000 since 2010 .
a german police officer has been shot dead in an attempt to arrest a suspected neo - nazi group .
the government 's spending plans have been ` ` heavily criticised '' by a think tank , according to a report .
richard venter , who has died at the age of 87 , has been awarded the nobel prize .
a boy who was jailed for having unlawful sex with a girl has been told he must stay in foster care .
liverpool have signed aston villa striker christian benteke on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
comedian john toksvig has said he would be a ` ` big fan '' of more female guest shows .
a former miami dolphins football player has died after getting into difficulty while swimming in the sea off the coast .
a 16-year - old girl has been detained in police custody after being detained by police cells .
the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- has launched an investigation into child sexual abuse in england and wales .
watford moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over nottingham forest at vicarage road .
five disabled people have lost their legal bid to challenge the government 's decision to close the scheme .
a reward of # 20,000 has been offered for information about the murder of schoolgirl caroline mckaich .
ulster have appointed ian clarke as their new head coach on a two - year deal .   's director of rugby .
south africa is one of africa 's oldest and most densely populated countries , an area of south africa .
the uk is sending warships to the english channel as part of efforts to keep britain safe from the uk .
seagrass levels in california may have been caused by the decline of seagrass , a study suggests .
ant and dec have been named best tv personality of the year at the annual tric awards in london .
a ferry has crashed into a quayside in the channel islands , leaving passengers stranded for several hours .
the new england patriots beat the seattle seahawks to win the super bowl for the first time in history .
easyjet is to test flying drones as part of a # 1.5 m project to monitor aircraft .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to protecting the city of mosul from the conflict .
the administrators of the manor racing team have been told they will be made redundant by the end of the season .
abdelbaset ali mohmed al - megrahi , the former head of the libya intelligence services , has died at the age of 82 .
league two side colchester united have signed huddersfield town youngster dominic ingolstadt on loan until the end of the season .
more than half of uk firms have fallen victim to a cyber attack , according to a report by business groups .
glamorgan batsman ben wright has signed a new two - year contract with the county championship division two club .
scotland 's deputy first minister julie dadosison has said the conservatives are ` ` getting in line '' with the tories as campaigning continues .
more than 1,000 grey seal pups are expected to be born at a norfolk nature reserve .
a star wars fan has been named darth vader for the first time in more than 30 years .
a plaid cymru am has called for a forensic investigation into the affairs of the welsh government .
the us is to send 250 military personnel to iraq , the white house says , as part of an effort to retake the country .
the co - pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in the french alps was deliberately trying to change his wings , an inquest has heard .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the party 's leadership campaign .
wasps fly - half danny cipriani has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
vincenzo nibali 's hopes of winning the vuelta a espana suffered a blow as he was involved in a collision with a car .
joe howe , who has died at the age of 87 , has been described as a ` ` scousehold '' .
bristol city manager lee johnson says he is ` ` bear the brunt '' of the club 's ` ` outstanding '' form after a 2 - 0 win at bristol city .
us president barack obama 's spokesman has said he is ` ` delighted '' to see a private party held by the washington state department .
the world 's climate watchdog has called on global governments to halt the impact of climate change .
two dogs have been moved into a new home in gwynedd after a woman died in a crash .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a scottish soldier who died while taking part in the marathon .
the premier league 's top - flight clubs have made their first pre - season signing of the summer .
england have reached the quarter - finals of the rugby sevens world rankings for the first time since 2009 .
british cycling 's new technical director sir dave brailsford has said he does not believe the national team 's model was wrong .
a leading nigerian actress has apologised for her role in hausa film , which has been banned from the industry .
dozens of bottles of ` ` vanished '' have been washed up on a beach in cornwall , the bbc understands .
the government is set to introduce a new childcare voucher scheme in england , the government has announced .
ukip leader nigel farage should take a break as leader , the party 's chairman has said .
indian author jk ghosh has taken part in a twitter tour of the country 's most prestigious delhi gardens .
oscar pistorius has told the trial of the south african athlete accused of killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
ghana 's parliament has passed a new law to allow government officials to hand back their state - owned homes .
swansea city striker gylfi sigurdsson believes his side are playing ` ` much better than they were '' .
msps have called for a ban on the use of wild animals in scotland 's circuses .
the rich and poorest countries in latin america are now living in cities , according to a new report .
the family of a cardiff teenager who was stabbed to death in india have appealed for information about his whereabouts .
a us judge has ordered the trial of five former cia officials accused of masterminding the 9/11 attacks .
a woman whose body was found in the grounds of an edinburgh golf club has been named by police .
former wales and wales scrum - half mike phillips says he is ` ` massively surprised '' by reports linking the french rugby union and racing 92 .
northern ireland 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 semi - finals were dashed as they were beaten by poland .
northern ireland 's paul pollock has been named the top irishman in the half marathon at the weekend .
the body of an inmate at hmp elmley has been found , the prison association has said .
a woman who had to be allowed to have an abortion at a clinic in northern ireland has lost her legal challenge .
sweden 's henrik stenson and justin rose will lead the united states in the fourballs at the ryder cup in iowa .
hundreds of people have marched through brighton to protest against the ` ` shameful '' response to the migrant crisis .
an independent review is to be carried out into the scottish government 's handling of hate crime laws .
the conservatives have launched an independent inquiry into the death of a young activist in the party 's election campaign .
when barack obama started his election as us president , he would not be able to pick a list of non - farm payrolls .
two sheep have been rescued from a house in edinburgh after being found in the garden of a house .
uber has said it is ` ` not getting the public 's interests at heart '' in london .
snapchat , the maker of messaging app snapchat , has announced it is shutting down .
a review into the future of a hospital in northamptonshire has been described as ` ` political football of the worst kind '' .
belgian police have identified the victims of last week 's terror attacks at brussels airport , sources say .
the prime minister is to meet prime minister theresa may in a bid to buy vauxhall 's european arm .
the family of a man who was shot dead by a police marksman have told an inquest they were tied up .
the search for a missing county down man has begun on a site in the republic of ireland , the bbc understands .
plans to build a footbridge on the east sussex coast have been delayed due to a lack of funding .
a teenager who converted to islam to islam has been jailed for five years for plotting to kill soldiers .
zimbabwe 's government has dropped its case against the country 's first lady grace mugabe , who is accused of assaulting her .
charlie taylor says he is ready to fight for a world title fight against ricky burns at edinburgh castle .
hogmanay is one of the uk 's longest - running tradition of hogmanay .
two people have been rescued from a dinghy invergordon after it became stranded on a sandbank .
a treasure hunt has been discovered in a lincolnshire park by a artist who discovered three gold artefacts in a field .
a new exhibition has opened in london 's west end , which has been described as ` ` perfect '' .
a north lanarkshire school has been accused of sexually abusing a 15-year - old girl .
an online encyclopaedia of the world 's largest online encyclopaedia has been discovered in mexico .
bradford has been named the uk 's curry capital of britain for the second time in a row .
thousands of eu nationals from non - uk countries have been sent polling cards and postal votes to eu nationals .
a prison watchdog has said it is ` ` deeply concerning '' a report that found a knife in the hands of a prisoner .
garry thompson 's first - half goal earned morecambe a 2 - 1 win over cheltenham .
us president barack obama has opened the first day of the new health insurance market in the coming months .
leinster have re - signed ireland international niall morris on a two - year deal from leicester tigers .
kilmarnock striker kris boyd says the prospect of playing in the united states is a ` ` big market '' for scottish football .
a train carriage has been restored to mark the 50th anniversary of the queen 's funeral in oxfordshire .
harlequins head coach conor o'shea is to leave the premiership club at the end of the season .
scientists are to launch a major project to unlock the secrets of the human genome , which will lead to the development of medicine .
australian singer kate bush is to marry her same - sex partner in an attempt to legalise same - sex marriage .
newcastle united manager mike ashley says he will not be sold until the end of the season , despite the club 's poor form .
a dog has been stolen from a swansea enterprise centre after a break - in at the building . .
the french island of reunion is one of the world 's most densely - populated countries , with the region 's rich and varied history .
a police officer has been jailed for 12 years for raping a woman in the 1970s and 1980s .
a 20-year - old man has died after being hit by a forklift truck in south lanarkshire .
two men have denied murdering a seven - year - old girl who was found on a bus in london .
a 20-year - old woman has been sexually assaulted by a man in edinburgh 's meadows .
a man has been jailed for five years for plotting to cause ` ` disruption '' at bristol airport .
india 's cricket world cup semi - final against south africa on sunday will be staged in mumbai on sunday .
the zero - fuel aeroplane , solar impulse , has arrived in china for the first time .
the government 's plan to devolution in the east midlands has been described as a ` ` modern political pinfold '' .
a rapist has been jailed for a catalogue of ` ` serious sexual offending '' after being convicted of rape .
firefighters have tackled a major fire at a market in norfolk which has been gutted by a fire .
i ' m preparing for the wimbledon men 's singles , and i ' m ready to play in the final .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in a street in edinburgh .
arsene wenger 's first game in charge of arsenal 's premier league title defence was a huge gamble .
land rover has unveiled its new model for the first time since the discovery of the vehicle 's first land rover .
a coach hire firm has gone into administration with the loss of up to # 1.5 m .
a man has been seriously injured in a ` ` horrendous attack '' which left him seriously injured .
the families of more than 150 people killed in a plane crash in yemen have been charged with manslaughter .
plans to devolve the devolution of rail services to english markets are ` ` ludicrous '' , the transport secretary has said .
a pair of ship - made galleons are to be paraded to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
al - qaeda leader osama bin laden has died at the age of 82 , officials say .
us president - elect donald trump has said he will not support a candidate in the race to be president .
scientists at the uk 's largest lake in the world have measured the volume of a mysterious ` ` spirit level '' .
it 's the glastonbury festival 's annual festival - the first of its kind of glass cup cups .
a man who admitted causing the death of a woman in a car crash in county tyrone has been jailed for seven years .
global demand for oil and gas has slowed to its weakest since 2014 , according to a report .
lee novak scored the only goal of the game as fleetwood came from behind to beat charlton in league one .
the head of jamaica 's anti - doping agency has said he fears the country 's anti - doping regime is ` ` the tipping of the iceberg '' .
glenurquhart leapfrogged kinlochshiel into second place in the marine harvest premiership with a 4 - 0 win at kinlochshiel .
harlequins have signed gloucester back - row forward sean harris - wright on a two - year contract .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing young boys in the online game game .
formula 1 's new car has been unveiled at pre - season testing in jerez .
the uk economy is in recession , and it is possible that the country 's economy is slowing .
actor and comedian graham mcpherson has been involved in a multi - million pound renovation of hastings pier .
nico rosberg says he will try to extend his lead at the top of the spanish grand prix this season .
england centre manu tuilagi will not be fit for this season 's world cup , says director of rugby richard cockerill .
botswana 's government has ordered the arrest of the country 's first openly gay preacher , ken anderson .
the duke of cambridge has spoken for the first time since moving from anglesey to anglesey on thursday .
a humpback whale has been spotted off the coast of australia for the first time since 2012 .
a man has admitted killing a construction worker with a single punch during a night out in edinburgh city centre .
south korea 's kim ciganda won the lorena ochoa invitational by one shot after a play - off at woburn .
the scale of the ice melt in the arctic ocean is set to slow down , according to the norwegian polar institute .
first minister carwyn jones has urged the uk government to take urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in calais .
us drugs giant pfizer has expanded its operations in the us , after buying one of the world 's largest pharmaceuticals firms .
the un - backed syrian peace talks could collapse unless there is a truce in place , the country 's deputy prime minister has said .
the supreme court has rejected a bid by uk ministers to block a law which would allow wales to set minimum wages .
jason ridgewell scored a hat - trick as portland timbers beat orlando city 2 - 0 to win the mls cup .
goals from jamie roberts and tom roberts helped barnsley end a run of three successive league defeats with victory over coventry .
middlesex opener sam robson hit a career - best 129 as his side dominated day two against warwickshire at edgbaston .
judo star stephanie inglis has made ` ` outstanding progress '' in her recovery from a serious head injury .
thousands of sheep have been transported to a village in sutherland for the first time in more than 30 years .
the aurora borealis -lrb- iss -rrb- has been captured on camera by a photographer .
the new owners of manston airport say they are taking legal advice to the electoral commission over its future .
four men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a car park .
the united nations commission to investigate the violence in burma 's rakhine state is to be set up next month .
conor mcgregor 's fight with ufc lightweight champion conor mcgregor is set to be debated in las vegas .
plans to build a dual carriageway on stonehenge would be ` ` the devil '' , an mp has said .
the risk of suicide in the last 50 years is higher than previously thought , according to new research .
welshman andrew selby and andrew selby will fight for the vacant wbc world bantamweight title .
` ` i do n't know what i have to do , '' said the scottish government 's new report .
the south west has voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the scottish government 's new code on how to stop and search members of the public has been published .
thousands of egyptians have protested in cairo against the transfer of two disputed red sea islands to saudi arabia .
an mp has called for a rethink of the inquiry into historical child abuse in wales to be scrapped .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man who was assaulted at a holiday park .
the captain of india 's merchant navy , radhika kerala , has won an award for her bravery at sea .
islam slimani scored twice as leicester city eased into the efl cup quarter - finals with victory over sheffield united .
league two side stevenage have signed midfielder bobson on a two - year deal after he left crawley town .
a six - year - old boy has been reunited with his ` ` good '' lion after it was returned to his home .
canadian comedian scott jackson has apologised to a library worker after he was attacked by a book .
police are investigating the death of a 53-year - old woman who was arrested on suspicion of assaulting her daughter .
here are some of the most unusual results in the 2015 general election - here 's a guide to the polling stations .
nottinghamshire 's england all - rounder kieran read is hoping to win the one - day cup final against nottinghamshire .
a man has been fined after being caught on the roof of a church roof in edinburgh on christmas day .
egypt 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter - finals were ended by uganda 's el said .
theresa may has said it is ` ` not the time '' for talks with us president donald trump .
a replica cave in the french state of france has opened to the public for the first time in 20 years .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq have released 36 women and girls , including children and children , who have been tortured by the group .
more than 1,000 armed police officers will be recruited by the metropolitan police , the met police has confirmed .
a charity which runs a centre in wrexham has said it is ` ` extremely grateful '' to keep its funding cut .
manchester city have signed tottenham defender kyle walker for an undisclosed fee , believed to be # 50 m .
plans to build a new prison in wrexham are being considered by the welsh government to consider its name .
leyton orient have been sold to a chinese consortium for an undisclosed sum , believed to be # 2.5 m.
a collection of paper from the oldest in the world is to go on display at leeds city museum .
millwall were knocked out of the league one play - off final after losing to bradford city at valley parade .
australian anti - abortion campaigner troy newman has lost his legal bid to have his visa revoked .
this year 's gcse entry for secondary school pupils in england has fallen , according to official figures .
jockey william buick is recovering after suffering a serious injury in a fall at the secretariat stakes at arlington .
manchester city midfielder yaya toure says he is ` ` too honest '' about raheem sterling 's late goal against tottenham .
the scottish conservatives have said they will ` ` feel let down '' by the government 's plan to build new type 26 frigates on the clyde .
the leader of the lebanese shia group hezbollah has said he is prepared to give ` ` everything possible '' to the syrian conflict .
a breast cancer treatment is ` ` barbaric '' and should be made available on the nhs , a campaigner has said .
swansea city have signed swansea city striker matt grimes on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
at least 30 people have been injured after a plane crash - landed in florida , officials say .
china 's world number one ding junhui was beaten 6 - 2 by spain 's gary figueido in the final round of the uk championship .
nasa 's kepler telescope has discovered a record - breaking planet in the solar system , with the first ever discovered .
an underwater camera has been captured on camera by a group of surfers in the australian state of queensland .
david cameron 's future as prime minister is ` ` a limit '' , iain duncan smith has said .
glasgow warriors duo tommy seymour and tommy swinson have signed new contracts with the pro12 club .
the defence secretary has announced plans to build a ` ` bigger fleet '' of royal navy warships and warships .
a man who had a cancer diagnosis has met his former partner in a chat - up line in nottingham .
plans to close a hospital 's a&e department in shropshire have been submitted to the nhs .
birmingham city manager harry redknapp says he is ` ` desperate '' to sign a new contract with the championship club .
the government has announced plans to cut the amount of children in the uk earns as part of its welfare reforms .
a painting by french artist henri monet has sold for # 31.7 m at an auction in london .
the police service in north wales is facing a ` ` significant challenge '' to its funding , the police and crime commissioner has said .
the remains of a plane that crashed during world war two have been unearthed by archaeologists at oxford university .
wigan maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over salford .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
blackpool were held to a goalless draw by wycombe in league two , despite playing for the first time since 2012 .
a prison has been criticised for ` ` significant failings '' in its handling of so - called legal highs .
great britain 's lizzie pieters won the women 's tour de france as belgium 's amy pieters won stage three .
it 's been a tough few days for republican presidential hopeful ted cruz to go to the polls .
police are investigating allegations of misconduct by kids company , the charity that provides children 's services to children .
a lorry driver has died after a crash on the m42 in birmingham , highways england has said .
a man has gone on trial accused of stabbing a woman with a claw knife in the face with a kitchen knife .
france has said it will not allow kurdish militia fighters to carry out ` ` aggressive acts '' in syria .
an appeal court in china has reduced the jail sentence given to a chinese journalist convicted of leaking state secrets .
england fly - half george ford is set to miss saturday 's six nations match against australia because of an ankle injury .
us airline delta has said it will ban the transporting of all trophy - hunters to zimbabwe , including cecil .
england head coach steve mcnamara says he is ` ` in no rush '' to decide on his future with new zealand .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man in rhondda cynon taff .
hibernian manager pedro caixinha has urged his players to focus on ` ` perfect '' .
a court in brazil has charged the former president of brazilian president dilma rousseff with corruption .
the uk and germany are set to meet in berlin to discuss the migrant crisis in calais , the government says .
a council 's plans to employ 15 new staff have been rejected by a council after it was criticised by councillors .
officials in the yellowstone national park have warned visitors to stay away from animals after a calf was refused .
at least eight people have been killed in an attack on a bar in mali 's capital bamako .
danny o'shaughnessy 's first - half goal earned mansfield a 1 - 1 draw at mansfield .
sir bradley wiggins became the first briton to win the tour de france by winning the race .
the us federal reserve 's decision to raise rates for the first time in more than 30 years has been described as a ` ` perfect storm '' .
first minister carwyn jones has said she is ` ` surprised '' she has not been asked what she would like to become an mep .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says he is confident that manu tuilagi will stay at the club .
a sikh man has become the uk 's longest married couple and is celebrating 100 years in the uk .
more than 1,000 people are now without power as snow continues to lash italy 's coast .
a new search is under way for three feet believed to have been dumped in a park , police have said .
the australian government has said it is ` ` scuttled '' the government 's decision to turn back a boat back to vietnam .
a knife - wielding attacker has attacked two women in a shopping centre in belarus , police say .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod yng nghymru yn wynebu ar gywodraeth cymru .
cardiff devils forward marc haddad has signed a new two - year contract with the elite league champions .
alphabet , the parent company of search giant google , has reported better - than - expected results .
us president donald trump has lifted a ban on access to the us to the country 's high court .
a disabled man who was seriously injured when he was hit by a train door is being investigated by police .
the royal academy show -lrb- ra -rrb- has revealed details of its plans to build a water garden in france .
the body of a british aid worker who was abducted in pakistan in 2012 has been found , an inquest has heard .
wales ' hopes of reaching the euro 2016 quarter - finals were ended by a goalless draw against portugal .
a survey of northern ireland chamber of commerce has indicated that a majority of its members in northern ireland support a uk exit from the european union .
a young woman in ukraine 's capital kiev has become the youngest person in the country 's history .
hundreds of pieces of drawings by the artist who fought in world war one have gone on display in a new exhibition .
at least 140 palestinians have been killed in clashes between israeli troops and palestinians in the occupied west bank .
sir philip green has been appointed as the new chief executive of department store chain bhs and marks and spencer .
one of britain 's oldest steam trains has returned to the east coast mainline for the first time .
republican presidential hopeful chris christie has been speaking about the violence in san bernardino , california , and new jersey .
the mother of a teenage girl who was jailed for grooming and grooming has said she will not speak to the media about the ordeal .
here are some of the main battles in wales for the general election on 7 june , and the bbc 's wales political editor nick clwyd has said .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale is to call for a vote on the return of tax credits to holyrood .
the unemployment rate in the uk has continued to rise , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said .
david guptill and kane williamson struck centuries as pakistan beat new zealand by seven runs in wellington .
two men have been killed in a collision between a motorcycle and an aeroplane in the lake district .
a tech start - up has lost # 30,000 in investment in a phone tracking tracking tracking device .
negotiators in colombia say they have agreed to resume peace talks with the government in december .
labour mps have voted against a plan to re - elect jeremy corbyn as party leader .
gareth mcauley says northern ireland 's 1 - 0 euro 2016 win against germany was a ` ` special moment '' .
the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- has said it is ` ` outrageous '' that funding for the uk 's private infrastructure agency has increased .
plaid cymru has published its general election manifesto , promising to cut the number of deaths by 25 % .
a british man arrested in turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences has been released without charge , his lawyer has said .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been cleared of murdering his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .
giant veg growing is to be tested in a bid to win the uk 's heaviest vegetables prize .
mullah akhtar mansour has been killed in a shooting in north - western afghanistan , reports say .
french police say they have seized more than 250,000 euros -lrb- [ UNK ] # 250,000 -rrb- in cash and documents from a saudi prince .
sean ervine 's unbeaten century helped hampshire to a three - wicket win over somerset at taunton .
the welsh government 's eu funding for wales has not been affected by the result of the vote , a labour am has said .
the philippines military says it has regained control of the city of marawi , which has been hit by islamist militants .
a cyclist has set off a challenge to raise funds for a children 's charity after her daughter went missing .
newcastle united midfielder jonny evans has been given a one - match ban by the football association for spitting at each other .
the scottish government 's decision to lower the age of 16 to 17 has been described as ` ` the countwags '' .
an israeli mother and her two sons have been killed in an arson attack in the occupied west bank .
europe 's rosetta probe has discovered the surface of comet 67p , the biggest discovery in its history .
guernsey 's fa cup fifth - round tie against dover athletic will be played at home for the first time .
paris st - germain will have to pay # 200 m to barcelona 's paris st - germain midfielder neymar .
the funeral has taken place of keith harris , the entertainer who has died at the age of 82 .
paul murray was a father of five , who travelled by train with his father and father tony blair , who all survived .
many clouds will contest the race for next year 's grand national at aintree after the race 's organisers decided to change the rules .
a six - year - old girl who underwent pioneering cancer treatment in the us has been given a boost .
women 's tennis chief executive ray moore has resigned from the sport 's governing body following criticism of female players .
a new application to hold a march in northern ireland to mark the anniversary of bloody sunday has been submitted .
a baker in norfolk is trying to create a cake with chocolate eggs to mark wimbledon 's 100th anniversary .
jeremy corbyn 's campaign to become labour 's next leader has been rejected by the welsh government .
` ` i do n't want to talk about the scale of the dark web , '' says glenn dingledine .
southern rail has rejected an offer from the rmt union to accept a ` ` bonus '' offered to train drivers .
an outbreak of measles in parts of wales has reached its highest level since records began in 2009 .
harlequins have signed lock george jackson on a two - year contract from premiership club wasps .
us president donald trump is set to announce his intention to pull out of all 8,000 us troops in afghanistan .
in the wake of the london terror attack , the daily telegraph and google 's decision to act on anti - semitism in the face of a white man .
zlatan ibrahimovic is to leave paris st - germain at the end of the season .
plans to reintroduce identity cards for foreign nationals in the uk have been unveiled by the government .
a review of the controversial ` ` high - quality '' path -lrb- lcp -rrb- in england is to be recommended by the government .
sri lanka 's army has released photos of a boy shot dead by the army in 2009 , the army says .
archaeologists in israel say they have recreated the flooring of an ancient temple in jerusalem that was destroyed by islamic state .
crotone missed the chance to go top of serie a as they lost 3 - 1 to struggling lazio .
a motorist has been fined for trying to find a song on the wall of a police station .
singer - songwriter ray blk has won the bbc 's sound of 2017 2017 list .
the mother of a boy who died after being hit by a train has set up a ` ` community support programme '' .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented as they beat ireland by seven wickets in india .
libya 's coastguard has said it will help to recover hundreds of migrants from the boat that capsized last week .
a section of the m1 in northamptonshire has been closed after a lorry overturned on the carriageway .
china 's factory exports in february rose by 5.1 % in february , according to new figures .
the hebcelt festival is getting under way in the highlands this weekend , with more than 2,000 people expected .
-lrb- close -rrb- : hewlett - packard ended the day higher , with the dow jones leading the way .
the story of king arthur is the most important story in the history of modern wales , according to experts .
the health secretary has said he will consider charging people from outside the uk for using the welsh nhs .
thieves have stolen vans and tools worth thousands of pounds from bbc radio 4 show diy sos .
we ' ve been using your questions to help rough sleepers in the run - up to christmas .
the gambia 's long - term signing of eric carayol has signed a new contract with the national team .
an appeal has been launched to raise # 2,000 for the family of a seven - year - old girl who died in a house fire .
a ukip mep has said he is ` ` open to working with '' with the party 's new leader .
british actress dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with a rare form of blindness .
a man has become the first person in the uk to swim the length of a river in the world .
the brother of a scottish man who was abducted by islamist militants in syria has spoken of his ` ` devastation '' .
christian pulisic scored twice as borussia dortmund came from behind to beat ingolstadt in the bundesliga .
a man has been shot dead in tel aviv , police say , after being shot by a gunman .
marko arnautovic scored twice as stoke city beat aston villa to move level on points with the premier league .
a house in west london has been sold for more than # 250,000 at an auction .
charlie brown and snoopy are back on the big screen for the first time in more than 30 years .
a new zealand - based company has successfully completed its first commercial test flight from new zealand to new zealand .
manchester united 's pre - season tour of china is set to be played in china this summer .
royal mail has said it is considering industrial action over proposed changes to its pensions pensions pensions , the unite union has said .
theresa may 's speech on brexit in the first round of the election campaign has been described as ` ` a bit odd '' .
bestival is to headline this year 's festival , which organisers say is ` ` shockingly good '' .
mps have clashed over the issue of apprenticeships in england and wales , as they debated the government 's plans .
gloucestershire 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented by gloucestershire .
un secretary - general ban ki - moon has signed an agreement on the international arms trade .
a meat company has been fined # 15,000 for selling frozen meat to the food chain .
league two leaders elgin city were held to a goalless draw by berwick rangers in scottish league two .
shares in the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- fell on friday , despite the government 's latest stimulus programme .
plans to ban fast food restaurants in the south east have been approved by a council to tackle obesity .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in france and germany leading the way .
west brom winger diaf sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a group of farmers in northern ireland have said they will not give details of their names to the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
arsene wenger 's first game in charge of manchester united ended in defeat by tottenham at old trafford .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as real madrid thrashed espanyol in la liga .
barry ferguson insists he can not afford any plans to turn clyde into the league two play - offs .
south africa 's police chief , hilton botha , is to be reinstated after the decision to reinstate his role in the murder trial .
at least 31 people have been arrested in morocco after fans clashed with fans during a match in casablanca .
the government has ` ` swallowed a line '' of ` ` false claims '' about tax changes , an mp has said .
more should be done to protect rural homes from flooding in the uk , leading to a report says .
student loans in wales have risen by more than # 20,000 in the last year , according to new figures .
two hundred wolves have descended on the south - eastern french state of south - eastern france .
the funeral has been held in londonderry of a man who was shot dead by a gangland gangland gang .
inverness caledonian thistle have signed former real sociedad defender etxabeguren on a two - year deal .
swansea city head coach paul clement says he does not know whether john terry will stay at the club .
police have said they are ` ` sickened '' after a bomb left outside a primary school in north belfast .
algeria international abdelhamid mbolhi has signed a new contract with the national league club .
wakefield trinity ran in seven tries to beat huddersfield giants in the challenge cup final at the expense of huddersfield giants .
a water supply problem in york is being investigated by the city 's water supply supply , the bbc understands .
the us supreme court has said it will take up legal cases against gay and lesbian in the us .
if you want to know what you 're going to be a super - bantamweight boxer ?
the clydesdale bank has set aside a further # 500 m to compensate customers who mis - sold payment protection insurance .
andy murray reached the davis cup quarter - finals for the first time with a straight - set victory over great britain .
a former senior civil servant has criticised the government 's failure to establish a new body to monitor paramilitary activity .
mark mark mark al - mason , who was abducted by islamist militants in north - eastern kenya , has been speaking to the bbc .
the uk 's aviation sector is set to reach its ` ` limits '' by 2030 , the government has said .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has called for an independent inquiry into the nhs in wales to be made .
graham dobbie scored twice as queen of the south eased into the semi - finals of the scottish challenge cup .
oil giant bp has announced plans to cut about 600 jobs in the north sea as part of a restructuring plan .
the idea of gender identity in the united states has become the first in the world to be made public .
friends actor matthew perry is to reunite for a special special special , it has been confirmed . ''
a man has died after getting into difficulties off the coast of gwynedd , police have said .
a pembrokeshire firm has apologised after the collapse of the zano mini - drone project .
passengers on scotland 's borders railway have been advised to stay away because of delays caused by trains .
the japanese government 's inquiry into the 2011 fukushima nuclear disaster has concluded that the disaster was a ` ` disaster '' .
a list of the uk 's most wanted fugitives has been published in the tenerife .
the father of a japanese boy who was found in a remote area of north - eastern japan has apologised for his ` ` excessive act '' .
california 's water regulator has declared a 30-month drought in the us state of california .
dog owners are being urged to be able to cover their pets after their pets were killed on roads .
england captain joe root says his side have ` ` nothing to prove '' after their world twenty20 exit against sri lanka .
a former nhs trust has criticised the ` ` unethical '' treatment of inmates with ` ` vulnerable '' conditions .
queen 's park moved to within two points of scottish league two leaders east fife with victory over queen of the south .
an 18-year - old woman has died following a crash in coleraine , county londonderry .
the story of william shakespeare 's poems has been revealed by researchers at the university of leeds . .
eurotunnel has apologised for delays caused by a train travelling from france to france .
a stolen car has been stolen from a house in londonderry in the early hours of thursday .
rio tinto , one of the world 's largest steel companies , has raised its minimum price to 50 % .
arbroath moved level on points with scottish league two leaders forfar athletic with a 4 - 1 win over montrose .
itv has signed a new deal with itv to keep the voice and the voice for the next three years .
the front pages of the daily mirror are on the front page of the belfast telegraph and the irish news .
a film about the welsh miners ' union -lrb- lgsm -rrb- has released its latest film , pride .
japan 's prime minister shinzo abe has arrived in honolulu , hawaii , on a two - day visit to the us .
bournemouth have signed crystal palace winger matt gayle and bournemouth forward matt ritchie on two - year deals .
the story of one of britain 's best - known police officers , donald swanson , is to be celebrated in the highlands .
a buzzard that became stuck in a fence has been released back into the wild after being freed by the rspca .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she will ` ` fight another day '' on the uk 's hunting laws .
us president barack obama has said he is ` ` very pleased '' with donald trump 's election victory .
lorry drivers are being tested positive for drug - driving , the bbc has learned in a bbc investigation .
the idea of the ` ` spin - off '' between radio and radio has been criticised by scientists .
a 27-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences , the metropolitan police has said .
a british man who was once dubbed the world 's fattest has had his dreams of having surgery in the united states .
the number of pupils going into higher education in scotland has reached its highest ever level , according to new figures .
two labour mps have won damages from the party 's deputy leader over an allegation of abuse .
gloucestershire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- cdc -rrb- has raised concerns about the proposed merger of gloucestershire county council .
steven davies scored twice as tottenham eased past aston villa to reach the fa cup quarter - finals .
tony blair 's first election as prime minister came to an end at the end of the week .
a ` ` strategic review '' of undercover policing in scotland has been rejected by the scottish government .
the isle of barra has become one of the uk 's most remote airports , more than 50 years after it was officially opened .
drivers have been urged to stay cautious as icy conditions continue to lash scotland 's motorway and transport scotland .
residents of ealing central and west london are worried they will not be able to vote in the general election .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
the met office has warned of a ` ` significant amount '' of heavy rain in parts of south wales .
a court in nigeria has ordered the arrest of a nigerian man accused of being a ` ` kidnap kingpin '' .
the first commercial ferry to be built for caledonian macbrayne has been unveiled by the scottish government .
lee chung - yong 's equaliser earned sheffield wednesday a draw against burnley in the championship .
nhs trusts in scotland have paid out more than # 100,000 in overtime payments to consultants .
newport gwent dragons back - row forward gareth cudd has signed a new contract with the pro12 club .
charitybuzz has raised $ 100,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 77,000 -rrb- for a lunch with apple chief executive tim cook .
indonesian police have launched an investigation into the links of a british woman who died after drinking a coffee .
a world war ii plane has been bought by a couple who bought it as a ` ` caterpillar '' .
florida 's governor has declared a state of emergency in the us state of florida amid concerns about environmental environmental concerns .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- has voted to ditch the international court of justice -lrb- icc -rrb- .
former virginia journalist gwen ifill has died at the age of 74 , her family has confirmed , after a long illness .
everton manager roberto martinez says his side 's lack of focus is helping them avoid relegation from the premier league .
one of the world 's longest living animals , lanky , has died at a zoo in new zealand .
oldham is the most and most deprived neighbourhood in england , according to a new study by the government .
ulster bank has reported a pre - tax profit of # 3.6 m for the first time in four years .
people on low carbohydrate and low carbohydrate are more likely to lose weight , a study suggests .
the irish government has apologised for the ` ` shameful '' discovery of human remains at a home in the republic of ireland .
the isle of man have become the first team to win a major trophy for the first time since 2009 .
the international aviation agency -lrb- icc -rrb- has criticised thailand for failing to control its aviation sector .
four men accused of supplying heroin with an estimated street value of # 5 m have gone on trial .
a cat has been taken to hospital after being hit by a powerful earthquake in central london in september .
voters are going to the polls to decide on thursday to elect a new mp for a nottinghamshire council .
iran 's supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , has said that his country will not change its policy towards the us .
tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo beat algeria 's bejaia 2 - 0 in the confederation cup final in lubumbashi .
plans to build a hydro power station in snowdonia have been rejected by natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- .
the widow of former west bromwich albion footballer jeff astle is to meet the football association 's medical policy .
europe 's top negotiator , tom pershing , has said he expects the us to remain in charge of climate change .
torquay united have signed a deal to buy the national league club -lrb- gi -rrb- .
more than 30,000 students in england received extra time to complete their gcse and a - level exams , it has emerged .
the european commission has said it will not reopen a planned eu - us trade deal with canada -lrb- ceta -rrb- .
romelu lukaku says he will leave everton at the end of the season to join manchester united .
linfield manager david mulgrew is confident his team will be on top of the irish premiership after beating ards 2 - 0 at seaview on tuesday .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has urged broadcasters to come forward with plans for three live tv debates .
the king of belgium has called for ` ` vigilant '' support for the country 's ` ` populist rhetoric '' .
sam grigg 's first goal of the season helped wigan end a run of three successive league defeats with victory over blackburn .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a machine that can measure the standards of thai food and wine has been designed by the government in bangkok .
a teenager has been charged with fraud offences after thousands of people were left without tickets for the t in brighton .
the owners of a south of scotland engineering firm have said they are ` ` confident '' they can return to the business .
a hospital trust has said it is ` ` shocked '' that a patient had been found in a box of blood .
edinburgh 's hogmanay street party has been hailed a ` ` world - leading festival '' by organisers .
leeds rhinos maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over salford .
house prices in england and wales have risen in the 12 months to the end of january , official figures show .
plans to merge two hospitals in merseyside and liverpool have been branded ` ` inadequate '' .
senior managers in manchester are set to get a pay rise of up to # 100,000 a year .
some patients with leukaemia are being given half the standard dose of a drug , a study suggests .
a judicial review is to be held into the decision to stop work on a cycle track in derby .
a man has been found not guilty of the murder of a woman whose remains were found in the irish mountains .
water voles have been released to a nature reserve in rhondda cynon taff to boost their numbers .
the director of public prosecutions has failed in a bid to overturn anonymity order preventing two police officers from being named .
china 's first ` ` unisex lavatory '' toilet has opened in the capital , shanghai .
ospreys fly - half gareth davies has made his first start for the european challenge cup against grenoble .
manchester city boss jose mourinho says he is ` ` more concerned '' about sergio aguero 's return to action .
a charity has said it is ` ` very difficult '' to employ a deaf person because of poor practice .
a judge in los angeles has ordered the sale of the clippers to former owner donald sterling , who was banned from all football .
the prince of wales has a new job as a royal royal family pilot , and he 's already wanted to work .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a crowd - funding campaign to buy software from the shadow brokers has ended after a crowd - funded crowd - funding campaign .
england batsman eoin morgan is a ` ` world - class player '' , says former captain james anderson .
students at london metropolitan university are to be balloted on strike action in a row over job losses .
the republic of ireland 's deputy first minister [ UNK ] donohoe has been named by the university of ireland .
police in papua new guinea say they have arrested more than 50 prisoners who escaped from jail last year .
french police say they have found a ` ` big cat '' in the search for a missing animal .
australian scientists say they have developed a trial of the world 's rarest toads to eat their own species .
police officers in northern ireland are suing the police service of northern ireland over claims they were involved in the car crash .
a group of former paramilitaries who suffered serious injuries in the troubles are calling for a new pension .
a car has been hit by a train in the french region of france , killing a woman and injuring more than 50 .
an elderly woman has died after being hit by a car in greater manchester , police have said . .
the route of the olympic torch relay in hull and east yorkshire has been announced by the city council .
golf 's governing body has urged the european tour to accept ` ` noncompliance '' with anti - doping rules .
the government 's ` ` social mobility conundrum '' is becoming ` ` unfair '' , a report says .
jack bonne 's first - half goal earned colchester a draw against chesterfield in league one .
four men have been arrested after a girl and her cousin were killed in a car crash in oldham .
a life - sized bronze sculpture of a man has been found in a river by a helicopter .
one in every four men in the world is a daily smoker , according to a new report .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in leeds .
led zeppelin have released a new set of previously recorded recordings of stairway to heaven , the bbc has learned .
england 's hopes of qualifying for the euro 2016 finals are on the verge of a ` ` group of death '' .
there 's a general election coming up on 8 june , when adults will vote to decide who will run the uk .
tyler and cameron winklevosses have filed a lawsuit against facebook founder mark zuckerberg and his partner .
a ride to mark the 80th anniversary of british cycling legend robert millar is to be held in scotland .
the problem of drugs in wrexham 's north - eastern town has changed dramatically since the last decade .
a section of the m6 in birmingham has reopened after a crash involving three vehicles and a lorry .
the bbc 's reality check team has been asked to look at how to protect the public from the london terror attack .
rochdale 's league one play - off hopes were dented as they were held to a draw by rochdale .
bianchi has died at the age of 37 after a crash in japan that left him with a head injury .
the metropolitan police 's chief has said he is ` ` confident '' that he will not investigate allegations of child abuse .
a baker has won this year 's great british bake off competition for a cake based on jennifer lawrence .
lawyers representing northern ireland 's politicians have urged the government to take legal action over brexit .
actor peter moore has spoken of his approach to james connery 's role in the secret agent .
great britain 's laura trott won gold in the individual pursuit at the national track championships in hong kong .
spending on agency staff in england 's hospitals is set to rise by # 1bn over the next financial year .
adam molesley scored the only goal of the game as aldershot beat portsmouth in the fa cup first round .
italian astronaut luca zidane has become the first person ever to walk in space in a decade .
on 2 may 2017 , voters across england and wales will go to the polls to decide who will run the local elections .
foreign secretary william hague has said he is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the need for a new government in iraq .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his wife and her partner in a ` ` senseless '' case .
theresa may 's decision to call the general election on 8 june was the only one of the party 's mps .
britain 's geraint yates won stage five of the giro d'italia as peter sagan won stage six .
three men have been charged in connection with the discovery of an estimated street value of cannabis in douglas .
apple has updated its security software to prevent the use of icloud software to protect the privacy of celebrities .
the family of a missing british yachtsman have attended a memorial service in dorset to mark his death .
taliban militants have attacked a hospital in the afghan capital kabul , killing four people and injuring more than 50 .
argentine striker carlos tevez has signed a new four - year contract with chinese super league club shanghai sipg .
regulated rail fares in england and wales rose by 0.1 % in the year to july , the rail regulator has said .
conservative ben houchen has been re - elected as tees valley mayor for the first time .
the boss of rolls - royce has said he is ` ` called a scaremonger '' for the company to invest in research and development .
in the aftermath of last week 's terror attacks on the shrine of bangkok , the government has said that it is ` ` absolutely shocking '' .
it 's not easy to get a concert in london , but it 's a good idea that you would be planning to perform in the uk .
dagenham and redbridge remain unbeaten in the national league after being held to a draw by york .
` ` it 's been a dream come true , '' said india 's first ` ` robot '' .
a man accused of killing his baby son has been found not guilty of the manslaughter .
a police officer who gave information to a suspected drug dealer has been jailed for four years . ''
the national union of students -lrb- nus -rrb- is calling on the home secretary to stop the ` ` callous and inhumane '' deportation of a student .
fifa vice - president jim lynch has said he is ` ` delighted '' that the us investigation into alleged money - laundering .
williams technical director paddy lowe is set to leave williams at the end of the season , bbc sport understands .
the number of lifeguards on beaches in the uk and jersey where more than 200 people were killed is being investigated .
great britain 's world number one caroline shuker won the mixed doubles at the british open in manchester .
ireland scrum - half cj stander says the glasgow warriors will not guarantee extra protection for ireland scrum - half conor murray .
bath have made two changes to the club 's under-20s squad for the 2016 - 17 season .
the ability of tumours in the body to control the immune system has been discovered by scientists .
england 's alexander wiesberger missed out on the final day of the china open as world number one jordan wiesberger won the final round .
education secretary michael gove and home secretary theresa may have broken the government 's code to tackle extremism .
a ` ` secret '' tin mine is to be restored to the public as part of a # 1 m restoration project .
durham 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter - finals were dented by rain .
sinn [ UNK ] 's fr alec reid has died at the age of 82 , the ministry of defence has confirmed .
a team of scientists in the us have developed a way to create a 3d - printed glass .
when munster head coach anthony foley died at the age of 46 , he was the only man in his memory .
three people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a promenade in north - west wales .
south africa 's nobel peace prize - winning sierra leonean ibrahim al - abidine has been diagnosed with ebola .
us comedian bill cosby 's former university is to return the full full set of documents from his former wife 's university .
women in the uk have been named as the country 's most influential women , the bbc has learned .
researchers at cern university have created a spoof version of the ` ` april fools '' joke .
china 's most famous children 's story , the legend of the monkey , is to be brought back to china .
fire crews have been called to homes in dorset to warn people who use ` ` potentially harmful '' pesticides .
ireland pace bowler boyd rankin has signed a two - year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
national league side york city have signed hull city midfielder matt dixon on a one - month loan deal .
the beatles ' sgt pepper producer has been awarded a prestigious award for his work with the city 's cultural heritage .
a woman in india 's northern state of madhya pradesh has said she was beaten up by two women who had been accused of abusing her son .
the 2016 olympics are under way in rio de janeiro , with some of the biggest names in british sport .
david cameron should be the uk 's next secretary - general , a group of mps has said .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at southampton city council under plans announced by the government to cut services .
members of the rmt union have voted in favour of strike action on the east coast railway -lrb- rmt -rrb- .
west ham manager slaven bilic says he is ` ` angry and frustrated '' by his side 's poor start to the champions league .
southend united manager grant mccann says he is ` ` confident '' his belief that his side 's league one play - off hopes are over .
plans to build more than 1,000 student accommodation in belfast have been submitted to the city council .
police are investigating a brick thrown at a police car in larne , county antrim , on monday .
it 's one of northern ireland 's most prestigious schools , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme .
mercedes driver toto wolff 's shortlist for the seat of lewis hamilton and nico rosberg on the final day of the formula 1 season .
a drug that could help treat people with early stage alzheimer 's has been approved by scientists in switzerland .
a 15-year - old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in edinburgh .
the first meeting of the french national front -lrb- n't -rrb- in paris - the first of its kind in history .
disney 's plan to screen a live - action remake of beauty and the beast has been approved .
ospreys captain alun wyn jones says he is ` ` not ideal '' to sign a new contract .
muslim match 's facebook page has apologised to members of its muslim match website after a security breach .
justice secretary michael matheson is to hold a summit in edinburgh to discuss the implications of brexit .
a fin whale thought to have been washed up on a norfolk beach has been found on the east coast .
the us house of representatives has defeated a republican plan to repeal obamacare , after a congressional vote .
the assembly 's annual report into the expenses of the assembly has been published by the department of finance .
the lawyer for the father of a six - year - old boy who was shot in the back of a car in the us state of louisiana has said he was ` ` not aware '' .
at least 30 people have been killed in a fire at a school in northern nigeria , officials say .
manchester united 's under-21 midfielder marcus rashford has not been offered a place in the premier league , says manager michael collins .
four people have been taken to hospital after a wildfire broke out on a common in the forest .
the government 's plans to increase the discount on social housing in england have been criticised by campaigners .
north korea has test - fired a short - range missile , south korea 's military says .
glasgow warriors head coach tony blair says he is ` ` working hard '' to keep the squad at scotstoun .
canada 's parliament has passed a bill to change the national anthem to o canada , calling it ` ` gender - neutral '' .
international tests for primary and secondary maths in maths have been published in a global league table .
rangers midfielder james anderson has said he is ` ` not bothered '' by the football association 's disciplinary proceedings against kiernan .
a row has broken out over plans for a new school campus in gwynedd to be built .
a huge sinkhole has opened up on the golf course at royal birkdale in florida . .
northern ireland 's kris meeke has become the first briton to win the world rally championship -lrb- wrc -rrb- event in sweden .
a nature reserve in norfolk has reopened to the public after being closed for more than 10 years as a visitor attraction .
china 's state - run media report that four men have been executed by separatist militants in xinjiang .
wicketkeeper - batsman jason roy has said he did not care about winning the one - day series .
first minister arlene foster has said there is ` ` huge opportunities '' for northern ireland to remain in the eu .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` determined '' to lead the party into the next general election .
the police ombudsman 's office -lrb- pfni -rrb- has been suspended by the police federation -lrb- pffni -rrb- .
a 41-year - old motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a car in suffolk .
barcelona 's el clasico against barcelona is ` ` not easy '' , says defender luis suarez .
prime minister david cameron has signed a deal with eu leaders to renegotiate the uk 's membership .
residents are being urged to stay away from a fire which has been burning since a fire started last week .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has uncovered the story of a woman who was sexually abused by her father .
female muslim clerics in indonesia have called on the government to protect their children from being sexually abused .
the us has said it will not be able to sue families of those killed in the 9/11 attacks .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- mla jonathan bell has been accused of making false claims about the rhi scheme .
scotland 's first minister alex salmond has said the scottish parliament is ` ` stronger '' .
former bbc radio 1 dj chris denning has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing boys at a disco .
hearts head coach robbie neilson says he was ` ` disappointed '' by the referee who knocked out of the europa league .
the defence secretary has announced plans to build the first of the uk 's new type 26 combat ships .
a bar has been fined # 3,000 after a woman was fatally shot in her stomach by a drink - driving patient .
morecambe manager jim bentley says the club 's young players are ` ` not too high '' .
police in the southern indian state of karnataka say they have arrested a man accused of shooting dead an 18-year - old schoolgirl .
an investigation has been launched after allegations of conspiring to defraud the student finance system .
police in the us state of california have charged a man with throwing a banana peel to a police station .
david cameron has said the government is committed to providing free school meals to all infant children in england .
st johnstone manager tommy wright says he is ` ` going to wait and see '' for his team - mates danny swanson 's red card against hamilton .
a fifa official has been suspended from all football - related activities by the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have been warned they could face sanctions if they fail to follow new rules .
the number of people living in their own homes in england is at its lowest level since records began , new figures show .
william shakespeare 's witch markings are being sought by heritage campaigners to preserve the secrets of the world .
four uk universities have become the first in the uk to apply master master master degrees -lrb- gchq -rrb- .
a seven - year - old girl who was found drowned in a swimming pool was ` ` too scared '' , an inquest has heard .
north korea has said it is ` ` overly optimistic '' that its nuclear programme is progressing , according to a new report .
liverpool 's ben coady says he is ready to make his first home game at anfield .
a row has broken out at a council 's plans to increase the rents of beach hut owners .
the mother of an eight - year - old boy who was shot dead by police nine years ago has asked for an apology from the independent police watchdog .
the family of late us dj casey kasem are taking legal action against his wife , his family say .
on monday , the uk 's first mission to the international space station -lrb- hmrc -rrb- was a hot topic .
egypt 's government says it is ` ` shocked '' by the scale of sexual violence in the country .
championship side cornish pirates are to be promoted from the championship to the end of the season after a new deal was agreed .
the euro 2016 semi - final between france and england will take place in france on 10 june .
the met office has issued a warning for gusts of up to 70 mph -lrb- 160 km/h -rrb- in north wales .
the stormont law society has said it is ` ` hopeful '' that it has sent a letter to the law society to stormont .
five people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot in the head in birmingham .
mark ronson has said it is ` ` the coolest thing ever '' for her new single .
the bbc 's 10 o'clock news programme is to be extended to its current schedule .
microsoft has said it will release details of the cia 's hacking tools to protect us from ` ` threats '' .
mae dyn o achos o achosi marwolaeth yng nghymru wedi cael ei garcharu am wnaeth .
the collapse of bhs could be a major blow to the business , according to the owner of the retailer .
victims of rape and child sexual exploitation could be allowed to challenge their decision to drop their case , labour has said .
savers who have up to # 1 m in savings will no longer be protected , the government has announced .
the belfast telegraph is in talks with the owner of the city council to move its premises into a new building .
a school has been hit with a ` ` perfect storm of bugs '' due to a shortage of pupils .
michael doughty 's late penalty earned millwall their first league win of the season as they beat league one strugglers swindon .
one of the oldest collections of marilyn monroe has died at the age of 87 . .   's family .
researchers in guinea say they have identified the source of the deadly ebola virus that killed a 12-year - old boy .
relatives of a soldier killed in an explosion at a house in north wales have been told they will be honoured .
police in malaysia say they have arrested seven suspects in connection with the discovery of a body in a river in the capital , kuala lumpur .
leicester city striker gary taylor - fletcher has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
a new road linking taunton with the centre of a multi - million pound bridge has been completed .
more than 250 scottish soldiers have arrived in afghanistan for the first time since the end of the 13-year conflict .
the number of students getting top grades at a - level in england has increased , the admissions agency ucas says .
the amount spent on agents and agents ' fees in england and wales has risen for the first time in four years .
a county down doctor who falsified clinical trials has had his name removed from the medical register .
a seven - year - old girl has been shot in the head by a man in east yorkshire .
scotland moved level on points with france in the final of the six nations with victory over france in paris .
us president barack obama has been fired at the scene of a row over a gun used by the secret service .
mining giant bhp billiton and bhp billiton have agreed a deal to settle the collapse of a dam in brazil .
french tennis players nicolas mahut and nicolas herbert have spoken of their ` ` shockwaves '' after the paris attacks .
the head of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has revealed details of the leak of documents from the us government .
the producer and producer of rocky films has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed .
chinese artist ai weiwei is to make a new work to defend freedom of speech and ` ` political art '' .
us first lady james corden and michelle obama have appeared on carpool karaoke for the first time .
a man has been arrested in connection with the alleged kidnapping of british student taz ayling .
warrington maintained their 100 % start to the super league season with a hard - fought victory over widnes vikings .
david cameron has said he is ` ` firmly committed '' to leaving the european union , saying he believes the uk would be a ` ` big mistake '' .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has said his country will not end its military exercises with the us .
hassan rouhani , the former head of iran 's national security council -lrb- snu -rrb- , has been re - elected for the first time .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has said there is a ` ` low point '' between the two nations .
fidel castro , the leader of the communist party , has died at the age of 82 , after a long illness .
thomas pizzi scored a hat - trick as benfica thrashed sporting lisbon to keep their title hopes alive .
ukrainian police have launched an investigation into the death of prominent opposition activist mikhail kalashnikov in the capital kiev .
businesses in northern ireland have said they are deferred to devolve corporation tax to northern ireland .
a body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing for more than a week .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- has accused the european parliament of defrauding the far - right party of more than $ 100 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 65 m -rrb- .
the world 's oldest flying spitfire has been put up for the first time in more than 70 years .
the royal bank of scotland has unveiled a new # 10 note featuring an ` ` extremely rare '' female scientist .
the pilot of a police helicopter has said he was ` ` extremely frustrated '' by a laser beam .
canada has confirmed that it will resume importing beef from the eu to canada , canada and canada .
part of the main railway line between oxford and oxford has reopened after being closed for more than two weeks .
goals from benik afobe and benik afobe gave stoke their first win of the season against bournemouth .
rail engineering works on the east coast main line have been described as ` ` embarrassing '' by network rail .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 60-year - old woman was attacked in lancashire .
students at charlie hebdo 's paris school have taken part in a minute of silence after french police fired shots at them .
one of the uk 's longest - serving paralysed lancaster bombers has left the country .
ireland coach joe schmidt says his team will be ` ` full - strength '' when they meet new zealand in dublin on saturday .
the european court of human rights -lrb- eurotunnel -rrb- has rejected a bid by eurotunnel to buy the ferry firm .
two men have been rescued after a boat capsized off the coast of north - west england , the rnli has said .
nathan cleverly says he is confident he will fight ergen braehmer for the vacant wbo super - heavyweight title .
bolton moved to within a point of safety in the championship with a win at brentford , who remain bottom of the table .
solihull 's hopes of reaching the national league play - offs were dented as they drew at bromley .
rangers chairman dave murray and his consortium have voted to remove the board of directors from the club 's board .
britain 's simon lapthorne and kyle edmund reached the final of the men 's doubles at the australian open .
former rangers captain jon daly says he would consider leaving the club if he was offered a new contract .
a rocket attack on the egyptian city of eilat has killed at least 15 people , officials say .
bolivia 's government has signed a new law to allow children to work in the country to work .
the death of a senior al - qaeda leader in a drone strike in syria has sparked a debate in the us .
organisers of this year 's t in the park festival have announced a major overhaul of the structure .
the scottish government 's decision to give a speech on the development of tibet has been described as ` ` remarkable '' .
india bowled south africa out for 112 on the final day of the second test against england in delhi .
hibernian head coach neil lennon has been given a one - match touchline ban after being sent to the stands by uefa .
a strike by workers on eurotunnel has caused disruption to ferry services in the uk and the uk .
former labour leader tony blair has said he believes the party 's current position is a ` ` party '' .
mozambique 's former defence minister has been elected to the country 's second largest party in more than a decade .
saracens scrum - half owen farrell has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .
neil mccann has stepped down as st mirren manager on a two - and - a - half - year contract .
ukip mep steven woolfe has quit the party 's leadership contest , saying he is ` ` not fit for purpose '' .
national league club billericay town have confirmed the signing of former england under-21 striker joe wright .
neil warnock says he was ` ` gutted '' by the lack of names at aston villa .
the opening hours of a hampshire country park are set to be delayed until the end of the year .
england 's hopes of winning the first test against pakistan were dented by the light on day two in dubai .
myanmar 's deputy prime minister shwe mann has held talks with thein sein sein in mandalay .
the royal london hospital is to offer extra help to women who have suffered sexual violence during pregnancy and birthing rooms .
the chicago cubs beat the cleveland indians 4 - 0 to level on points with the best - of - seven world series .
police have said they are ` ` delighted '' that the annual galadnashburris event in dumfries has ended .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in a street .
former england captain brendon mccullum has been named as the county 's new captain .
part of the spitfire that crashed during world war two has been unearthed by archaeologists in county monaghan .
the government 's new ` ` work programme '' is now working with disabled people , the first minister has said .
a us student who was detained in north korea last year was suffering from an ` ` unresponsive '' brain condition , his doctors say .
oil and gas explorer premier has raised its share price by more than 30 % , after the company said it was a ` ` class 1 deal '' .
french energy giant edf has reported a 40 % rise in earnings to $ 4bn -lrb- # 3.6 bn -rrb- as it continues to struggle to raise money .
canadian police have reported a rise in the number of reported hate crimes in 2015 , according to official statistics .
theatre director sir peter bogdanov says he is ` ` delighted '' to be given a ` ` freedom of expression '' after his trial collapsed .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in cardiff city centre .
a council has said it has ` ` run out of space '' to find a new burial site in oxford .
actor and broadcaster geoffrey hughes has died at the age of 82 , his family have have said , aged 67 .
belfast boxer ross mccomb has become the first irish boxer to reach the quarter - finals of the european championships .
china 's state news agency xinhua has arrested several people suspected of spreading rumours about the tianjin blasts .
prime minister david cameron has called for tougher rules to make sure people from outside the european union can learn english .
salvage teams have begun a major survey of the grounded rig that ran aground on the isle of lewis .
department store chain b&m has reported a fall in sales in the first quarter of the year .
william mcilvanney is to be named as one of scotland 's best - known authors .
nigeria defender kenneth omeruo has been ruled out of the africa cup of nations because of a knee injury .
the sports minister [ UNK ] has said it is ` ` incredibly important '' that the organisation is fit for purpose .
police searching for a missing 15-year - old girl have arrested a man on suspicion of abduction .
a man has been found guilty of causing a flock of sheep to be stolen from a farm in pembrokeshire .
us comedian bill cosby has stepped down from the board of directors at the university of pennsylvania , after allegations of sexual assault .
sky has apologised to customers who have been affected by a lack of access to its broadband services .
` ` it was n't the idea that scotland was a nation , '' said the scottish independence campaign .
ipswich town have signed striker jordan moore and striker jordan spence on loan until the end of the season .
manchester united 's ashley young says he has done enough to repay manager louis van gaal 's performances .
the government is proposing a shake - up of corporate governance in the uk , the government has announced .
england won the women 's rugby world cup for the first time since 2006 with a 13 - 0 victory over new zealand .
the owner of a van gogh painting has said he is ` ` working with the museum '' to try to find it .
great britain 's davis cup captain andy murray says he will help his team - mates when they take on serbia 's kyle edmund on friday .
at least 19 people have been killed in a shootout between rival gangs in northern mexico , officials say .
the retrial of a former guatemalan general who was shot dead by gunmen has been delayed .
russia 's government has said it will not appoint a new leader for the country 's athletics federation .
former wba super - bantamweight champion charles dickens has signed a new contract with randy rigondeaux .
andy murray says he is ` ` not nervous '' about getting married at the atp world tour finals .
thousands of rail passengers are facing travel disruption as a 24-hour strike enters its final days .
chelsea defender david luiz has signed a new four - year deal with paris st - germain .
ed sheeran has appeared at this year 's festival in portishead , where he appeared on stage .
the first train has officially opened in the southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- .
a charity has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about the safety of a swan 's tongue .
comedian eddie izzard has been forced to pull out of an appeal to raise money for charity .
the world premiere of the new batman v superman film has been described as ` ` the best film ever '' .
first minister nicola sturgeon has called for a ` ` invisible border '' with the european union .
belfast giants moved level on points with elite league leaders cardiff devils with a 4 - 1 win over edinburgh capitals .
a police officer fired a taser on a man who died after he was set on fire , an inquest has heard .
lufthansa group is to cut the cost of booking tickets for some of its online travel agencies .
the parents of a couple who were taken into foster care by the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- have been told they will meet their children 's needs .
french magazine charlie hebdo is selling a book about islamophobia after the paris attacks .
iran 's nuclear power plant at arak has been removed from the site , state media report .
parents in denbighshire have criticised a decision to cut free taxi services for their children to a school .
too many older people in care homes are being ` ` institutionalised '' , a report has said .
promotion - chasing dagenham & redbridge were held to a goalless draw by wycombe .
` ` i wanted to pay the same as a child , '' says miranda wright , who plays a role in the us drama house of cards .
richard dawkins has called for ` ` specific points '' for people who do not believe in religion .
former cia director david petraeus has said he believes donald trump has the correctness to become us president .
dundee leapfrogged ross county into second place in the scottish premiership with a hard - fought victory at dens park .
the families of three britons arrested in abu dhabi have been told they will face a hearing later .
booker prize - winning author arundhati patel has been shortlisted for this year 's bad sex .
a north korean man arrested in connection with the killing of kim jong - un has been released from police custody .
newport county 's league two promotion hopes were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by newport county .
macclesfield have signed dover athletic striker shaun marsh on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
hundreds of people have marched in brussels to protest against the closure of tata steel 's uk operations .
school patrol officers in scotland are spending more than # 1,000 in the last three years , according to new figures .
new emoji flags for wales , england and wales will be available on tuesday , it has been announced .
manchester united 's carlton cole says he will not be able to challenge for the champions league next year .
tom hutchinson has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a crash at the isle of man tt .
a huntsman has told a court he thought he was shot and killed by a fox in the borders .
shares of japanese carmaker sony fell on friday , after the company 's latest results showed its performance .
jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` completely committed '' to getting rid of the welfare cap .
david warner 's unbeaten century helped australia earn a draw against west indies in the final test in sydney .
a 24-year - old man has said he was ` ` incredibly offended '' after being arrested on suspicion of being part of a train .
a refugee from northern ireland has been working on the walls of the mourne mountains in northern ireland .
a former police officer has been jailed for misconduct in public office over ` ` unacceptable '' behaviour .
the body of a missing malaysian passenger plane has been found in the sea off the indonesian coast , officials say .
it 's all about the quintessential ` ` dog - spin '' stories .
tom cairney 's first goal of the season helped fulham beat brentford at griffin park to move into the championship play - off places .
league one promotion - chasers chesham came from behind to beat league one side bradford city in the first round of the fa cup .
a man has been charged in connection with an alleged sexual assault on a teenage boy in cumbria , police have said .
leeds united head coach massimo cellino says he wants to buy a bus outside the club next season .
loganair is to continue operating a direct air service between dundee and london stansted for another two years .
women 's super league club notts county ladies have confirmed they will share their positions with the women 's team .
jcb has said it will end its membership of the confederation of british industry -lrb- cbi -rrb- following the brexit vote .
a police force is to become the first in the uk to name misogynistic hate crimes .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter says he is ` ` not surprised '' by the club 's poor start to the season .
hampshire all - rounder liam dawson has been recalled to the england squad for the t20 blast .
more than a third of children in england are in ` ` worrying '' relationships , according to a new report .
sandwich chain pret has said it will pay workers to take part in a ` ` big experience week '' .
a world war two veteran said he was ` ` shocked '' to find medals stolen from his car .
a dog that was shot in the head by a crossbow bolt has been saved by a vet in cambridgeshire .
world number one rory mcilroy will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the masters at augusta .
a woman who died after contracting sepsis was not given the best chance of survival , an inquest has heard .
it 's been a year since sony 's launch of the virtual reality headset -lrb- vr -rrb- .
european commission president jean - claude juncker has unveiled plans to relocate 120,000 asylum seekers to europe .
climate change could reduce the amount of climate change in the world 's most common species , a study suggests .
lazio have been given a two - match ban by uefa for failing to stop fans from playing behind closed doors .
chelsea have signed barcelona forward cesc fabregas on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side are ` ` breathing space '' after their 2 - 0 home defeat by bournemouth .
a teenager from county durham has been crowned the winner of the uk 's version of the year .
northern ireland manager michael o'neill 's decision to leave the european championships in france has been described as a ` ` huge milestone '' .
more than 200 patients were delayed in scotland 's accident and emergency units last year , new figures show .
the number of students taking a - levels in england taking a - levels has fallen to its lowest level of deprivation , a study suggests .
the government 's counter - terrorism strategy is needed to protect a british girl from being radicalised , an mp has said .
russian sports minister vitaly mutko says the country 's doping problems are ` ` high time '' .
a campaign to raise awareness of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been launched in glasgow .
bristol rovers have re - signed stoke city midfielder ryan sweeney on loan until the end of the season .
gordon martin is relishing scotland 's euro 2016 opener against italy at hampden on saturday .
it 's the last two weeks of campaigning for the uk general election - but what do we know ?
british number one andy murray will play naomi broady in the first round of the aegon championships in china .
qpr have denied claims that james caulker was involved in an altercation with qpr .
germany 's data protection agency -lrb- dpa -rrb- has refused to allow facebook and whatsapp to share their data .
women 's super league one club wsl 1 side wsl 1 have signed scotland international loren staniforth and nikita sjoman .
two police officers are to patrol a town where a polish man died after being attacked by a single punch .
the government of angola has scrapped a controversial law that would have been illegal for the first time since 2012 .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo has apologised for failing to make a decision on sunday 's spanish grand prix .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to win the mexican grand prix for the first time .
the uk 's fishing policy is ` ` outside the common fisheries policy '' , michael gove has said .
australian police are investigating a growing phenomenon of ` ` killer clowns '' in the united states .
birmingham city have signed defender giaccherini on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
kenya 's deputy prime minister raila odinga has called for a strike in the capital , nairobi .
dog poo lovers are being encouraged to take their bags to clear up dog mess on their beaches .
plans to raise the vat rise to 20 % have been defeated in the commons , despite opposition from the conservatives .
italian serie a side parma have filed for bankruptcy protection after the club 's failure to complete its debts .
the bbc 's new director of business journalism has announced that he is considering the future of business news .
eastleigh have signed striker matt tubbs from portsmouth for an undisclosed fee on a short - term deal .
us drinks giant coca - cola has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first quarter of the year .
edinburgh capitals head coach lee johnston says his team 's win against edinburgh capitals was a ` ` good chance '' of reaching the elite league play - offs .
a new female osprey has laid its first female egg at a nature reserve in perthshire .
the inquests into the deaths of some of the victims of the bloody sunday in northern ireland have been given legal aid .
pakistan 's military says it has carried out air strikes on militants in north - western pakistan .
tomska , the co - founder of youtube 's new vloggers , says he is ` ` completely innocent '' .
the us has denied that a top al - qaeda leader was killed by a us drone strike in yemen .
a woman has been stopped by police after being stopped by a police car on the m6 in cambridgeshire .
britain 's jamie mcdonnell will defend his wba super - middleweight title against randy rosas in london on saturday .
france 's justice minister [ UNK ] goulad has resigned , hours after announcing she is stepping down .
a swan had to be rescued from a high - rise building in glasgow after it became stuck on a balcony .
england 's top - flight rugby players earn more than # 300,000 each year , according to new figures .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the dangers of hearing loss .
newcastle falcons director of rugby richard branson says he has shown ` ` nothing to think '' in their recent form .
a co - op store in derbyshire has been badly damaged by thieves who stole part of its front .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after a six - year - old girl died after being taken ill at a takeaway .
police are investigating the rape of a woman and her child in a ` ` frightening '' state .
vote leave has claimed that someone can win # 50 million by correctly predicting the outcome of the euro 2016 football championships .
afc wimbledon have sacked manager karl robinson after he was racially abused by a member of staff during saturday 's game at charlton athletic .
barclays has reached a settlement with the us authorities over the rigging of libor rates in the us .
emily 's short story of a chimpanzee has been won by newsround for the first time .
gary madine 's second - half goal helped bolton overcome sheffield united in the efl cup second round .
a schoolgirl who hanged herself after suffering from suicidal thoughts was hanged , an inquest has heard .
the european union has agreed to set up a new common list of tax havens to hide wealth .
british tech giant samsung has unveiled its first android handset , which it says will cost up to # 2bn .
a 20-year - old man who died after being hit by a car in newport has been named .
mesut ozil says he will leave arsenal at the end of the season to discuss his future .
the last deep coal mine in the south yorkshire valleys has been honoured with a special piece of coal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on wednesday , boosted by a rally in the wake of donald trump 's election victory .
the national portrait gallery has given a grant of almost # 500,000 to buy a rare portrait of a 19th century african .
researchers in austria say they have made a rare piece of natural beauty - by drawing up a scream in indonesia .
one of the uk 's biggest soft drinks firms has reported a rise in demand for sugars .
two people have died after their yacht capsized off the coast of south africa , the foreign office has confirmed .
a german study has found that a woman with the headscarf was not offered a job in germany .
roger federer and rafael nadal will start the us open in new york on friday , as they prepare for the first time since 2005 .
a 20-year - old man has died after being shot in a car in sheffield city centre .
the head of the irish boxing association -lrb- iaba -rrb- , mike treacy , is in talks with the organisation 's board of directors .
china 's earliest known ` ` outburst '' on the river nile may have been caused by an instant flooding , researchers say .
oscar - winning actress julie hedren has claimed that she was sexually harassed by alfred hitchcock .
salford red devils have signed half - back tyrone mccarthy from super league side salford red bulls for an undisclosed fee .
a new exhibition is to be held to highlight the ` ` lost waters '' of hull 's city of culture .
a metropolitan police officer has been sacked for leaking ` ` inaccurate and inaccurate '' statements to police officers .
italian police have arrested dozens of suspected members of a clan accused of stealing more than $ 100 m -lrb- # 100 m -rrb- from an immigration centre .
more than half of police officers in england and wales say they are planning to leave the service , a survey suggests .
it 's been a year since george michael and george michael won a blue plaque at peak caves .
the prime minister has called for a ` ` global response '' to the growing threat of terrorism .
nigeria 's military has offered a reward for information on the suspected leader of boko haram .
tom latham 's century helped durham fight back against durham at chester - le - street .
the world 's most popular video game pokemon go has been released by the uk 's children 's charity .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he is ` ` not seeking a new bailout '' after talks with eu creditors .
more than 30 million people are likely to be affected by the el nino weather phenomenon , the world meteorological organization -lrb- wmo -rrb- says .
human remains have been found in the grounds of a house in east lothian where the remains of missing perthshire woman lisa tiffney .
saul ` canelo ' alvarez will fight gennady golovkin for the vacant wbc middleweight title .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 27-year - old woman was attacked in north belfast .
campaigners have criticised plans to build a plant on a former coal - fired power station in norwich .
nyetimber , the uk 's best known vineyard wine company , has had its harvest cancelled this year .
an honorary consul in the french city of bodrum has been accused of selling unwanted boats to migrants .
an investigation has been launched after a fire at an opencast mine in cornwall was caused by a fire .
red bull say they are in talks with mercedes over a deal to supply their engine to the team .
plans to build a new motor racing track in ebbw vale are ` ` a long way off '' , a leading businessman has said .
six teenagers have died from carbon monoxide poisoning after a village party in southern germany , police say .
great britain 's tom daley missed out on a medal at the rio 2016 olympics after failing to win the 10 m platform .
former prime minister sir john major has dismissed claims of a second referendum on britain 's membership of the european union .
in london 's olympic park , the olympic park is home to the great britain 's sporting centre .
a vintage car once owned by 1950s beauty queen shirley dors has been sold at auction for $ 3 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3 m -rrb- .
hundreds of people have attended a memorial service in paris to remember the victims of the attacks in france .
sergio garcia is three shots behind leader sergio garcia after the first round of the bmw masters in germany .
the natural history museum -lrb- nhm -rrb- has released a series of humpback fetuses that have been taken from the antarctic .
-lrb- close -rrb- : japan 's nikkei closed higher on friday , boosted by a jump in us jobs data .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a grade ii - listed bridge has been uncovered after part of a [ UNK ] # 1 m restoration project .
british astronaut tim peake has been on a mission to the international space station -lrb- nasa -rrb- .
jake cassidy 's first - half goal earned macclesfield a 1 - 1 draw at macclesfield .
uber has raised $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- for the first time since it launched in china .
the united nations has set aside a satellite tracking system for satellite tracking of missing flight mh370 .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has announced plans to privatise greece 's tax affairs .
kickstarter , the company behind the story of gods and men , has pulled out of a crowdfunding campaign .
plans to turn a grade ii - listed building into flats in reading into flats have been unveiled .
a deal to create a combined authority for isle of wight and hampshire has been rejected by the government .
pfizer and botox - maker pfizer have been accused of breaching competition law by the competition watchdog .
scientists are trying to find out what they think about the world 's most deep sea defences , but how do you know ?
the inquest into the death of schoolgirl alice gross has been delayed by a coroner 's decision .
an australian author has received an email message from a us university that she thought she was writing a prize .
league one side colchester united have signed coventry city defender leon reid on a two - year deal . .
the european court of human rights -lrb- tuc -rrb- has ruled that mobile workers who travel to their first and last jobs could be affected by the ` ` working week '' .
a major search for a kayaker missing off the coast of county down has been declared a hoax .
the white house says it is ` ` gravely concerned '' for the safety of thousands of minority minority muslims in northern iraq .
great britain 's tom bishop and tom bishop won gold in the men 's triathlon event in baku .
rangers have signed northern ireland midfielder michael hodson on a short - term deal , subject to international clearance .
the liberal democrats have pledged to invest in high - quality skills in wales , the party has said .
the independent newspaper is to close its print edition with the loss of 30 jobs , the company has announced .
us actor james freeman is to be honoured with the international film institute -lrb- afi -rrb- 's lifetime achievement award .
a police officer who saved a man from a ` ` horrific '' fall has been awarded a trophy .
a judge in the us state of wisconsin has ruled that two teenage girls accused of stabbing a 12-year - old girl to death in 2014 .
stephen maguire says he has ` ` no concerns '' about his future after qualifying for the world championship .
league one side mk dons have signed millwall midfielder jimmy abdou on a two - year contract .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has announced he will not return to coaching at the end of the season .
a cancer patient who was diagnosed with a brain tumour has died , her family have said , after a cancer diagnosis .
two 18th century cups and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house in london .
england have ` ` 100 % '' of the game against wales at twickenham on saturday .
high street chain brantano has been placed into administration , with the loss of more than 300 jobs .
` ` it was n't easy to find a footballer , '' says one of the world 's most famous players .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani explores the implications of the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
a tree of scotland 's oldest trees has been named the scottish tree of the year in a bid to become the uk 's oldest tree .
a new report has outlined the vision for a new cross - border rail link between the borders and cumbria .
a senior civil servant could be able to take control of stormont 's budget under new legislation .
the number of transgender children referred to schools in england has more than tripled last year , figures show .
an 18-year - old man has been arrested in sydney on suspicion of terrorism offences , police say .
cyclists have been banned from taking part in a town 's ` ` special event '' , a council has said .
japan 's emperor akihito is considering becoming the next emperor of the country , according to reports .
a report by human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- has criticised thailand 's decision to cancel a human rights conference in bangkok .
a primary school in england has banned the activities of children with ` ` life - changing '' conkers .
england footballer adam johnson has denied grooming and grooming offences with a child , a court has heard .
the nfl 's new chief executive , george goodell , has been described as the ` ` biggest sporting scandal '' .
ospreys scrum - half dan evans has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
bolton 's fabrice muamba was ` ` dead '' when he collapsed to reach hospital , the club 's chief medical officer says .
the chairman of tata group has been accused of ` ` bullying and intimidation '' after he was sacked by the company 's board .
an alabama man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a young boy in the us state of alabama .
two palestinians have been killed and another injured in a car - jacking in the occupied west bank .
plans to frack a well for fracking in the north east of england have been approved by councillors .
` ` cloud - clouds '' - or ` ` cloud '' - is a cloud of cloud .
a new exhibition has opened in london to mark the 150th anniversary of the birth of a rare giraffe .
wales scrum - half chris coleman has been named in the pro12 for the 2016 - 17 season .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on friday , boosted by a strong start to the week , helped by the us economy .
a health trust is to offer free accommodation to nurses at three hospitals in surrey and berkshire , it has been revealed .
in the southern chinese province of shanwei , the government has announced that it will not be allowed to leave the country .
indie band arcade fire have taken to the stage at the eden festival in somerset , which was hit by lightning .
french mosques are being held in paris to mark the 10th anniversary of the charlie hebdo attacks .
a man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping and kidnapping a woman in east belfast and kidnapping her .
the number of babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome in england has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in east london .
bath director of rugby richard guscott believes his team are on the verge of a return to the premiership .
a charity has threatened legal action against the national trust over its stance on fracking in sherwood forest .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has been accused of ` ` crippling the state '' by the national party -lrb- nmf -rrb- .
ofsted has called for more powers to be done to tackle ` ` unregistered schools '' in england .
a crane has been lifted over the roof of a prison where contraband was found on a roof .
madonna has posted a video on snapchat 's snapchat social media platform , which has been released .
plans for a multi - million pound property development in oxford have been approved by the city council .
the police service of northern ireland has removed a list of people who have been shot in west belfast .
torquay moved back into the national league with a 2 - 0 victory over north ferriby .
moors murderer ian brady has lost his legal battle to keep him at a mental health unit in north yorkshire .
us actor matthew mcconaughey has been praised for his role in ` ` longhorns '' while walking home .
an 82-year - old woman has been sexually assaulted in a car park in midlothian .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of africa .
morecambe 's league two play - off hopes were dented as they were held to a draw by cambridge .
the conservative party has accused the conservatives of ` ` perpetrated '' its stance on child abuse .
west ham have signed former arsenal and arsenal defender nordtveit on a free transfer . . . .   < q >
the rnli 's director of a lifeboat station has resigned amid claims he was ` ` bullying '' .
sports direct has reported a fall in annual profits to [ UNK ] # 1.6 m , the company 's chairman jim hellawell has said .
the us justice department has announced changes to its policy on whether us federal agents are allowed to record interviews .
two denbighshire hospitals have become the first in the uk to improve standards of clostridium .
brazil 's human rights committee has been accused of being ` ` racist '' and ` ` genocide '' .
in the middle of an anti - austerity rally in ohio , a sign of the campaign has been unveiled .
researchers have created a series of new map - making maps of dark matter in the space of a week .
tributes have been paid to the late black woman , nicknamed ` ` kim beckford '' , who has died aged 87 .
northern ireland 's accident and emergency department is under intense pressure , with the latest figures show that the nhs is struggling to cope .
the royal british legion is to launch a campaign to rethink remembrance for young people who identify their experiences with the poppy .
a lorry driver who was killed when he was hit by a lorry has been named by police .
two lifeboats have been called out after a reported sighting of a man on the broughty ferry bridge .
american sprinter justin gatlin has set a new world record for the fastest fastest sprinter in history .
the mayor of london has said the ` ` hardest brexit '' in the european union is the ` ` worst for the city '' .
the collapse of bhs , the company that owns bhs , has been described as ` ` outrageous '' .
aberdeen 's jonny hayes has been given a two - match ban for his red card against celtic .
a woman who raped a teenage girl in a garage has been told she will have to remand in prison .
roma legend francesco totti has signed a new two - year contract with the club until the summer of 2020 .
a nursery worker has appeared in court charged with raping and making indecent images of children .
birmingham city manager gary rowett has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
a man has gone on trial accused of raping and sexually abusing two girls in the 1970s .
what do you think about a statue of jesus the homeless are a huge statue of the rough sleeper ?
the bbc 's whatsapp app has been used by its users to help feed the terrorist attacks .
three venezuelan lawmakers have asked the supreme court to leave the country 's legislative legislative legislative parliament .
warwickshire all - rounder samit patel has been recalled to the county championship for the remainder of the season .
the economy secretary ken skates has apologised for the lack of investment in the welsh network rail network .
hartlepool united manager gary cox has signed a new contract with the league two club , bbc radio understands .
scotland scrum - half matt gray says there is ` ` progress '' in reaching the six nations championship .
celtic midfielder patrick roberts is set to leave paris st - germain at the end of the season .
former england batsman kevin pietersen has signed a one - year contract extension with the super league club .
the uk 's economy is taking ` ` in its stride '' , a think tank has warned .
kenya 's capital , nairobi , has seen a rise in the number of security guards taking part in the attack on westgate .
england completed a 3 - 0 series win over pakistan in the third test at edgbaston .
a van driver who crashed into a pensioner 's parked car in livingston has been jailed for four years .
claire sugden has been named as the new justice minister for northern ireland 's first minister .
the government is to launch a project to promote the ` ` soft power '' of william shakespeare 's language as part of a drive to improve education .
israeli security forces have taken control of a key holy site in protest at the israel - palestinian conflict .
work has started on a # 2.5 m retail development in merthyr tydfil .
lord heseltine has said he is ` ` irresponsibly '' ` ` irresponsibly , stupid '' and ` ` recklessly '' .
taxi - hailing app - hailing app uber has agreed to pay $ 1.6 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- in damages to settle claims that its app - hailing app is not doing enough .
fulham have signed belgian striker serge cyriac from belgian side oostende for an undisclosed fee .
more than 30,000 people were killed when a massive storm swept into the sea off the coast of sri lanka .
olympique de marseille owner steve mccourt has announced his intention to buy the club .
one of scotland 's last remaining shipyards is set to be bought by one of the uk 's oldest ships .
brighton moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with a comfortable win over bristol city .
a londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than # 2,000 from a cancer charity .
barcelona forward rakitic has signed a new four - year contract with the la liga club , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
it 's been a week since the election of the labour party 's manifesto launch , the party 's election manifesto .
the un human rights agency has released a video which appears to show rebels killing at least 150 people in syria .
manchester city striker gabriel jesus has been ruled out for up to eight weeks after suffering a foot injury in sunday 's 1 - 0 win over tottenham .
former prime minister david cameron has become the first party leader in the uk to go to war in iraq .
in the wake of the assembly election , sinn [ UNK ] and sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness are in talks with the uk government .
populations of some of the world 's rarest birds and bumblebees are at risk of extinction , a study suggests .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he is ` ` ready to fight with '' with the club 's transfer targets .
the church of ireland has said it is ` ` not up to pace '' with the issue of same - sex marriage .
st etienne have re - signed cameroon international defender samuel assou - ekotto on a two - year deal .
a new technology that can help people with mental health problems has been developed by the bbc . ''
lancashire have appointed peter moores as their new head coach on a two - year contract , replacing peter moores .
campaigners have accused the welsh government of being ` ` sexier '' to create wood in wales .
an inquest into the deaths of a mother and daughter who died in the hillsborough disaster has been opened .
revenues from streaming services such as spotify and deezer rose by more than # 300 m last year , the british chambers of commerce -lrb- bpi -rrb- has said .
mark durrant is set to leave rangers at the end of the season as a youth coach .
tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died after a two - vehicle crash in aberdeenshire .
the uk 's anti - terrorism agency -lrb- gchq -rrb- has defended its policy on ` ` non - essential communications '' .
the mother of murdered toddler james bulger has said she believes the child will ` ` do someone else '' .
a jersey school has criticised the ` ` financial strain '' caused by its decision to cancel the prom .
huddersfield ended burton 's three - game losing run in league one with victory at fellow strugglers burton .
students at university are being offered a 1.1 % pay rise of 1.1 % in a row over pay .
the image of james bond has been released by mi6 -lrb- sis -rrb- .
the family of an 82-year - old woman who was murdered in fife have paid tribute to their ` ` beloved '' grandmother .
a 20-year - old man has been shot in the legs in a paramilitary - style shooting in west belfast .
a man who died after being hit by a car in sheffield has been named by police as a man .
an rspb reserve in the highlands has returned to a nature reserve in a bid to attract a rare bird .
newcastle united won the championship for the first time since august with a 3 - 0 victory over barnsley .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife was found dead at a family home .
wales scrum - half rhys webb has been ruled out of the six nations because of a knee injury .
a team of italian firefighters have been arrested in the southern state of catania for running wildfires .
ukip has confirmed the final list of candidates to succeed nigel farage as leader of the party .
the sixth series of downton abbey is to be commissioned for a sixth series , itv has confirmed .
widnes vikings moved level on points with super league leaders hull kr thanks to sam owens ' brace .
japan and south korea have said they have made a ` ` good start '' to their diplomatic ties .
the united nations has called for an international agreement on how to protect species from climate change and climate change .
a football match is to be auctioned in memory of a former footballer who was hit by a car .
an investigation has been launched after a man was found seriously injured in a street in west lothian .
league two side dover athletic have signed alex n'gala on a deal until the end of the season .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a75 in county down .
northern ireland 's tourism board has called for a rethink of the government 's handling of the troubles .
the home office has suspended an appeal against a decision to allow a british pensioner to stay in the uk .
morocco coach herve renard is set to become the first african nation to win the 2017 africa cup of nations .
china 's imports fell for the first time in more than a decade , according to the country 's second largest economy .
northampton town manager keith hackett says his side 's fa cup fifth - round replay against league one side stourbridge was the ` ` biggest achievement '' .
new zealand head coach warren gatland has the ability to manage the national side , says former new zealand captain ian brooke .
great britain 's weightlifter zoe smith is set to compete at this summer 's european championships in norway .
caroline wozniacki beat american sloane stephens in straight sets to reach the final of the rogers cup .
a rare form of blue john has been discovered in a secret form of diamond known as blue john .
a man who escaped from a court in belfast has been jailed for four years .   's court .
pregnant women in the uk are being urged to avoid the risk of malaria because of a high risk of the disease .
there 's a big problem for children who have been injured or injured in hospitals in the uk .
great britain 's hannah davies and sophie hermitage have won gold medals at the ipc athletics european championships .
national league club boreham wood have signed a new deal with the premier league club , the club have confirmed .
a leading left - wing group has said it is ` ` ludicrous '' to join the party 's leadership contest .
actor tom hiddleston has apologised for his portrayal of the night manager at the golden globe .
police in the republic of ireland are searching for a man who was shot dead by a gang in spain .
a search is under way for the remains of a village believed to have been destroyed by coastal erosion .
the closure of a flagship scheme for young people in wales has been described as ` ` unbelievable '' .
a man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a 16-year - old girl .
hull city striker fernando silva is available for saturday 's game against burnley because of a groin injury .
the police commissioner for northern ireland has said there is ` ` real vision '' for dealing with drugs .
the rohingya muslim minority in myanmar 's north - eastern state of rakhine state has been accused of ethnic cleansing .
belfast boxer michael gadzhimagomedov has won bronze in the european championships in ukraine .
the proposed redevelopment of a non - league football ground in gloucester has been approved by the county council .
burundi 's electoral commission has called for a second time to decide on whether to allow a third term in office .
the us economy added 223,000 jobs in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
super league club widnes vikings have been fined # 2,000 after their super league game against widnes vikings .
world number one steve davis is through to the second round of qualifying for the world snooker championship in sheffield .
an inquiry into the so - called ` ` battle of orgreave '' dispute has been halted by the home office .
nigeria 's military says it has arrested three nigerian schoolgirls abducted by islamist group boko haram .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` not in charge of the law '' after accusing him of sexual misconduct .
scotland 's henrik stenson shot a three - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the memorial tournament in ohio .
a doctor who stole more than # 50,000 from his surgery has been jailed for five years .
the prime minister has called for a ` ` rethink '' of the government 's proposed social housing scheme .
he 's one of europe 's best - known golfers , the world 's top 50 golfers .
football 's governing body has voted to introduce a new law banning players ' slogans and statement .
the government 's new budget responsibility -lrb- iht -rrb- , which is the first tax - free limit for inheritance tax - has been unveiled .
liverpool striker fernando torres is set to make his first start for the club as he continues to recover from a shoulder injury .
hibernian have made it through to the quarter - finals of the scottish women 's cup .
wales full - back leigh halfpenny has been ruled out of the world cup with a knee injury .
national league club hartlepool united have parted company with manager gary cox after only six months in charge .
green day have said they are ` ` devastated '' after their concert in glasgow was cancelled because of safety concerns .
south africa 's mauritanian sundowns must ` ` fight for '' their african champions league crown against uganda 's mamelodi sundowns .
police in china have arrested two chinese distillers in connection with the suspected poisoning of illegal milk .
the scottish government 's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in scotland have been announced by the european parliament .
partick thistle have signed partick thistle midfielder greg elgin city and partick thistle defender barry clyde .
a us sailor has died after being hit by a car on the island of okinawa , police say .
everton 's hopes of reaching the europa league knockout stages continued with a comfortable victory over wolfsburg .
hsbc has appointed neil tucker as the new chief executive of the chinese banking authority -lrb- aia -rrb- .
safety concerns have been raised at the royal shipyard in devonport after reports of ` ` shortfalls '' .
it 's been a year since the start of the year , it 's time for newsround to look out for some of the biggest names in the world .
a man who was caught trying to smuggle heroin into prison has been jailed for more than # 3,000 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
police have appealed for information after a woman was raped by a man in west dunbartonshire in february .
a large bonfire in north belfast has been set up in a bid to stop the burning of election posters .
two secondary schools in virginia have been closed after complaints of ` ` islam and prophet muhammad '' .
openers keaton jennings and durham all - rounder chris rushworth hit centuries as somerset dominated durham at taunton .
plans to redevelop a council 's headquarters in keynsham town centre have been unveiled .
parents are calling for a cap on the price of term - time holidays in the uk to be scrapped .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a shrine in the northern iraqi city of balad .
domino 's pizza group has reported a rise in sales in the first quarter of the year , helped by lower food prices .
the family of a county tyrone schoolgirl murdered by a convicted killer have said they are ` ` angry and fearful '' of the killer 's release .
the husband and wife of an iranian couple who arrived in cambodia have left the country , the australian government has confirmed .
aberdeen city council has said it will make cuts to its budget as part of efforts to save money from the local authority .
bristol city head coach lee johnson says he is ` ` in the market '' for a centre - half .
luton town have signed birmingham city striker cameron mcgeehan on a season - long loan deal for the rest of the season .
plans to introduce a late - night levy on pubs and clubs in liverpool have been blocked by councillors .
great britain 's men 's basketball team will play at the copper box in london on saturday .
the prime minister has called for a ` ` reassurance '' to eu nationals in the uk after brexit .
david cameron has said he was ` ` gutted '' to quit strictly come dancing because he was suffering from depression .
us president barack obama has called for a ` ` fundamental reduction '' in the number of refugees fleeing the conflict in syria .
in the wake of the germanwings aeroplane crash that killed 22-year - old andreas lubitz , bbc newsnight has learned .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has held a rare meeting with us president - elect donald trump .
australia opener paul reiffel has been taken out of the second test against india after being hit by a ball in mumbai .
a new genetic test has been developed by the british heart foundation , which aims to raise money for the nhs .
staff at a care home in aberdeen are being treated like ` ` objects '' , a report has found .
a danish court has sentenced a former journalist to 18 months in jail for selling information about the location of prince philip .
police in bangladesh say they have arrested seven people suspected of being involved in a deadly raid on a cafe .
us manufacturing activity activity activity slowed in june , according to a closely - watched survey of purchasing managers .
a man has been arrested after a pedestrian was hit by a car in a street in birmingham . .
workers at tata steel have agreed to accept changes to its pensions pensions pensions , the company has confirmed .
a man has died after being involved in a collision with a boat in the pentland firth of forth .
scientists in the uk are to carry out pioneering experiments on human embryos to correct a gene editing .
the us justice department has filed a legal case against president donald trump , alleging he is ` ` unlawfully '' .
chelsea manager jose mourinho wants to stay at the club until the end of the season .
a self - proclaimed robot that can travel at 1,000 km -lrb- 1,000 miles -rrb- has been unveiled by a film - maker .
three british soldiers killed in an explosion in afghanistan were unlawfully killed , an inquest has heard .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has uncovered a series of online scams which have hit the uk .
glasgow - based temporary rental firm aggreko has expanded its business in north america by acquiring glasgow - based clothing firm aggreko .
belfast giants have confirmed that eight of their elite league players will remain at the sse arena on saturday .
dundee manager paul hartley says he is ` ` grateful '' to keep kane hemmings at the top of the championship .
the family of a 60-year - old woman who was detained in australia say they have not been able to get a new visa .
a chicago police chief has appeared in court charged with the murder of an unarmed black teenager in 2012 .
valencia manager gary neville 's first game in charge of the club ended in a goalless draw with sanabria .
two people have been killed in a two - vehicle crash in cumbria , police have said .
china 's top court has dismissed china 's ruling that it is ` ` illegal and invalid '' .
comic - book creator lee has signed up for a sequel to the cult sci - fi series , it has been confirmed .
brexit secretary david davis has said he is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the implications of brexit talks .
three australian men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a us university student in an australian state .
the home office has said it will not accept a change of name to a woman who was issued with her name .
a new task force has been set up to help feed workers affected by the collapse of two key scottish plants .
boris johnson , the former mayor of london , has been attacked by us president - elect donald trump .
the bbc has agreed a new deal with the bbc to broadcast the diamond league and diamond league events .
irish actor tom lally , best known for playing irish language characters , has died at the age of 82 .
vodafone has been charged with tax evasion by the indian government over its controversial purchase of its indian mobile phone business .
southampton manager neil friend has been taken to hospital after suffering a head injury during the 2 - 1 win over bournemouth .
two bodies have been found in kenya 's north - eastern region of somalia , police say .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced plans to scrap 500 and 1,000 rupee notes .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
president - elect donald trump 's election victory in november was a rare moment for the white house .
leigh centurions have appointed keiron cunningham as their new head of rugby league , replacing him with the club 's owner .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a713 in south ayrshire .
london irish secured their first premiership win of the season with a bonus - point win over london irish .
super league club bradford bulls have been given membership of the club by the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- .
one of brazil 's best - known football stars , pele , has sold at auction for more than # 100,000 .
a record number of visitors have visited a sculpture of ceramic poppies at a sculpture park in yorkshire .
plans to build a house in the heart of a ` ` petal - shaped '' house have been approved by councillors .
four people have been killed in an attack in china 's restive xinjiang region , state media report .
sergio garcia and thomas pieters are two shots behind leader kevin pieters after day two of the bmw pga championship in georgia .
guy martin has pulled out of this year 's ulster grand prix because of a ` ` bloody disaster '' .
foreign secretary philip hammond has said he is ` ` very happy '' to say theresa may and his wife 's ` ` neighbours '' .
human rights group amnesty international has accused politicians of ` ` shamelessly '' and ` ` dehumanizing '' their rights .
thousands of south african workers have gone on strike in a dispute over the role of a steel strike .
it 's fair to say that disney 's ` ` multi - millionaires '' are buying the star wars films .
england batsman stephen cook has been named in the squad for the third test against south africa in cape town .
salford red devils winger adam hood has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
great britain 's samantha murray has missed out on a place in the women 's team event at the world para - athletics championships .
police in istanbul say they are hunting for militants who attacked two offices in istanbul , after gunfire broke out .
dundee united have signed dundee united 's scott keatings on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
aston villa midfielder jordan ayew has been charged with misconduct by the football association after his side were beaten by watford .
scarlets maintained their 100 % start to the season with a bonus - point win over cardiff blues .
turkey 's military says it was ` ` miscalculated '' after a russian air strike on the rebel - held town of al - bab .
chinese internet giant weibo has raised its share price for the first time in more than two years .
salford red devils have confirmed the signing of matty chase and matty fages , who were released by hull kr .
saturday 's grand national at aintree is set to be held in the same way as last year .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has apologised for the ` ` shameful '' handling of the hillsborough disaster .
the us military has said it is considering a request from the pentagon to review its policy on transgender people .
a woman has been killed in a collision between a bus and a bus in londonderry , police have said .
at least 30 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a bus in north - western saudi arabia .
disney has confirmed that the release of frozen sequel to the animated film frozen 2 is to be released .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced that it will delay the launch of a rover on the red planet .
british number one johanna konta reached the quarter - finals of the miami open with a straight - set victory .
two cargo ships have been rescued from the sinking of a vessel in the devon and devon coast , the fire service has said .
world number one andy murray says he is ` ` worried '' about the lack of young british tennis players .
great britain 's davis cup team have been confirmed as the venue for the semi - finals in london .
the finance committee has said it is ` ` disappointed '' that its chairman has refused to answer questions about the sale of nama 's northern ireland property loans .
laura mac says she 's ` ` terrified '' when she returns to bbc two this summer .
the rspca has reported a fall in the number of animals being rescued by animal welfare charities .
house prices in the uk rose by 5 % in march , official figures have shown , as the latest figures show .
thousands of schools in west sussex are in debt because of a lack of funding , the government has said .
boris johnson has said he will ` ` hold our fire '' on the cards if the uk leaves the eu .
northampton town midfielder gabyby has signed a new contract with the league two club , with the option of a further year .
rangers moved to within a point of second place in the premiership with victory over aberdeen at ibrox .
an academy in sussex is set to open its first ` ` fully - fledged '' classes in the martial arts .
a cardiff theatre producer has been jailed for four years for defrauding the arts council of wales .
the father of formula 1 legend jules bianchi says he is ` ` less optimistic '' about the condition of his son .
one of the oldest britons in the world has been reunited with his old bandmates for the first time .
former shadow cabinet minister owen smith has said he can not be a ` ` credible '' labour leader .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the disappearance of swansea businessman david warburton .
a poppy collection from bristol has become the uk 's oldest poppy collection , it has been announced .
more than 30 people have been rescued after a fire broke out on a ship in the spanish city of mallorca .
two people have been taken to hospital after a two - vehicle crash on the outskirts of glasgow .
tranmere ended dover 's national league play - off hopes with a 4 - 1 win at dover .
the mother of a british man accused of trying to shoot us president - elect donald trump has said she fears he will be jailed .
it 's been a week since the commons speaker john bercow was re - elected .
a us appeals court has rejected a bid by brendan dassey to be freed from prison in the us .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the number of people who were captured by us president donald trump .
great britain women 's hockey stars have been named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
glamorgan were bowled out for 172 on the opening day of their t20 blast match against kent at canterbury .
a woman has been found guilty of sexually abusing a 12-year - old boy in the 1970s .
scotland 's deputy first minister john swinney has said the ` ` scale of cuts '' to public spending will not be ` ` sacrificed '' .
donald trump has called for a ` ` total and complete shutdown '' of muslims entering the united states .
welsh boxer joe cordina says he will be a ` ` tough call '' to turn professional .
the mother of a toddler who died after collapsing on a sofa has been found not guilty of her murder .
three of the uk 's oldest warships are set to go on display in a bid to save them from being mothballed .
it was billed as one of the most talked - about stories of the year , as the internet piracy scandal continues .
in the first half of the century , the gap between men and women in the uk is changing .
a prehistoric forest has been discovered by divers searching for the first time in more than 20 years . .
a 19-year - old man has been charged after a man was hit by a car in belfast city centre .
a scheme to tackle domestic violence in england and wales is to be rolled out across the country , the bbc understands .
scotland 's education secretary john swinney has said the number of pupils in schools in scotland has fallen .
north korea is set to hold its first local elections in more than 30 years , after the country 's longest - running state .
a man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a woman who died after being hit by a bus .
brazil 's interim president michel temer has said he will support the impeachment of president dilma rousseff .
plans to turn a ` ` smart motorway '' on the m6 motorway to ease congestion have been unveiled .
a tv remake of lethal weapon is to be adapted for a tv series , it has been confirmed .
the trial of eight people accused of killing a coal mine in turkey has been adjourned until wednesday .
a former council leader has said he is ` ` very frustrated '' that a # 10.25 m loan to northampton town football club has not been paid .
truro city manager lee hodges says he is ` ` frustrated '' by his side 's relegation from league two .
bilkis bano , who was convicted of the 2012 delhi riots , has said she feels ` ` vindicated '' by the court of appeal .
tributes have been paid to zoe tynan who was killed when she was hit by a train .
ukip leader nigel farage has told the bbc he is ` ` completely committed '' to cutting immigration to the uk .
a vintage pram has sold for more than # 6,000 at auction for # 6,000 .
a campaign has been launched to raise funds for a memorial arboretum in memory of soldiers killed in world war two .
a man has been found guilty of attacking a crystal palace fan with a single punch during the fa cup quarter - final .
australian police are investigating the murder of an italian lawyer who was shot dead in the city of melbourne .
somalia 's president edgar farmajo has offered an amnesty to the islamist militant group al - shabab .
burton albion manager nigel clough says the club will be ` ` underdogs '' in every game of the season .
a rare archive of welsh poet edward thomas 's diaries has been awarded a grant of almost [ UNK ] # 3,000 .
more than # 15 m is to be invested in north - east england as part of a # 15 m lottery grant .
it 's one of the biggest challenges in welsh labour 's general election campaign - and it 's time for the party .
a video has gone viral on social media to highlight the extent of flooding in parts of the uk .
graeme mcdowell 's hopes of making his first ryder cup appearance at gleneagles this week are over .
a new car - sharing technology has been shown off at the ces tech show in las vegas .
scientists have discovered that bird cells can block the growth of a bird 's digestive system , scientists say .
air ambulance charities are to benefit from a # 5 m donation from the government 's budget , it has been announced .
the bbc 's director of staff has criticised the ` ` deplorable '' treatment of staff in iran .
ulster - scots is one of northern ireland 's oldest and most remote areas of the world .
liverpool moved level on points with the top of the premier league with victory over liverpool at anfield .
a judge in the us has ordered an investigation into the estate of prince , who died last month .
india has condemned the death sentence of an indian national accused of spying for pakistan , india and pakistan .
apple has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year as the company 's latest iphone .
three teenagers have been rescued after their boat capsized in the river tay in dumfries .
more than # 4.2 m is to be spent on improving flood defences in north east wales .
chester came from behind to beat dagenham and move into the national league play - off places .
the ratings agency moody 's has raised its credit ratings for the first time since the uk voted to leave the european union .
the full list of the winners of the 2015 general election has come to an end after the final round .
thousands of people in the uk are struggling to keep their savings rates alive , despite low interest rates .
edinburgh have confirmed the departure of loose - head prop pat toolis , who will leave the club at the end of the season .
a ferrari once owned by carmaker maranello has been moved from its headquarters in west london .
the uk 's interest rate rise is ` ` not realistic '' , bank of england chief economist andrew haldane has said .
northern ireland pupils are more satisfied with their mental well - being , according to a report by the united nations .
a man has been jailed for five years for robbery at a post office in glasgow .   's shop .
radical preacher anjem choudary has been jailed for 20 years for inviting support for so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
wales ' biggest environmental regulator has accused natural resources watch of ` ` misleading '' figures about the planned swansea tidal lagoon project .
the bodies of two people who were killed in an explosion in new york city have been found , officials say .
the public inquiry into child sexual abuse by lord janner has been delayed until the end of may .
the final days of campaigning in hong kong 's local elections are set to be decided on sunday .
a french policewoman has said she was ` ` harassed '' by french interior minister bernard cazeneuve on tuesday .
gillingham manager neil taylor says he is ` ` desperate '' to stay in charge of the league one club .
a memorial service has been held in london to mark the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landings .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola says he is ` ` heartbroken '' after the champions league semi - final win over porto .
a winterman , a winterman and a dog have been left in surrey by the county council .
the us has barred israel from holding a vote on whether to allow more settlements in occupied east jerusalem .
ferry crew members on the northern isles will be paid at least the minimum wage , the government has confirmed .
detectives have been granted the all - clear to hand over secret recordings of a former ira man who gave evidence of the troubles .
a union has called for civil servants to be drafted in to help solve a long - running dispute over pensions .
plans to lower the drink - driving limit in england and wales have been announced by the government .
hundreds of jobs are to be lost at tata 's uk steel plant in newport , the union has said .
a body has been found by police searching for a missing man who went missing three years ago , police have said .
carlisle united manager brian cox says he is ` ` prepared '' to sign striker lee cook from fellow national league club holker street .
cornish pirates have signed back - row luke pope and tom moyle on one - year contracts . .
the government has rejected plans to allow same - sex marriage to be debated in the house of commons .
india 's state government has lifted a ban on the number of wedding guests in the southern state of kashmir .
more than 350 people have been arrested in belfast in an anti - drug campaign , police have said .
us scientists say they have discovered a new species of insect repellent that has been used to repel insects .
a grade ii - listed stained glass window is set to be removed from a church in wales .
liverpool have made an approach to sign liverpool defender joe moreno on a four - and - a - half - year deal .
mae rheithgor fydd yng nghymru wedi dweud bod yn cael eu hanfon yng nghaerdydd .
a group of school principals in belfast have agreed to write to the government to fight cuts to education .
two people have been arrested after a 15-year - old girl was attacked by a dog in kent .
marcus trescothick 's first - class century of the season continued to dominate nottinghamshire at trent bridge .
ghana 's government has apologised to the government for selling some of the country 's oldest passenger buses .
as the 100th anniversary of the death of a british soldier in world war one , bbc news takes a look at some of the key stories from the great nieces .
scotland head coach josh strauss says that scotland 's players want to give them a ` ` little edge '' in the six nations .
the head of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has been ousted from office in the first round of elections .
us astronaut scott kelly and us astronaut tim peake have broken the record for the longest single spacewalk .
liverpool have signed dutch striker marc verheydt from dutch side maastricht for an undisclosed fee .
a scottish piper has played bagpipes on the international space station -lrb- nasa -rrb- .
st johnstone moved back into second place in the scottish premiership with victory over hearts at ibrox .
somalia 's former deputy first minister , abdelhamid abas , has been killed by security forces in somalia , officials say .
the mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car in australia has been told she could not be prosecuted .
the head of the us military , david petraeus , has said that the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group is ` ` a major setback '' .
the kremlin has called for ` ` justice '' after a report said gay rights detainees were tortured and murdered .
a court in new york is suing the metropolitan museum over its ` ` recommended '' admissions policy .
police have appealed for witnesses to a ` ` shocking attack '' at a post office in the borders .
incoming british number one caroline veronelli has withdrawn from the tour of argentina because of a lack of preparation .
taylor swift 's latest album has been released on spotify , just days after she was released .
former strictly come dancing stars ola jordan and ola jordan have been named in the line - up for this year 's bbc one show .
sudan 's president omar al - bashir has reshuffled his cabinet as part of a reshuffle .
manchester city midfielder samir nasri will miss the rest of the season because of a back injury .
bristol rovers defender akpan has been given a one - match touchline ban by the football association .
australia 's 4x100 m freestyle relay team have admitted they took prescription drugs during the event .
england 's luke donald is three shots off the lead going into the final round of the honda classic in hawaii .
the bank of england -lrb- fls -rrb- scheme has been scrapped by the government .
plans to build a new housing development in a village in derbyshire have been submitted to the local council .
the leader of south africa 's anti - apartheid party -lrb- da -rrb- has announced she is stepping down .
rail passengers are being advised to travel to scotland 's busiest railway station as part of a major engineering project .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked the syrian town of kobane , killing at least 30 people .
a former head of a welsh health board has called for more investment in the nhs to fund cancer drugs .
leicester city striker jamie vardy has been included in the 2015 world xi for the first time in 20 years .
the owner of a supermarket where a boy is thought to be overweight has made a social media appeal .
alan macphee is ` ` proud '' to be scotland 's first - choice coach after qualifying for euro 2016 .
a kent hospital trust has been placed in special measures after being rated ` ` inadequate '' by health inspectors .
the number of animals being counted from the great british zoo in gloucestershire is being celebrated by newsround .
public health england has said it is ` ` concerned '' about the marketing of coca - cola in leicester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after phone calls were stolen from a house in bedfordshire .
former israeli prime minister shimon peres has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed .
london 2012 judo star sasson el shehaby has pulled out of the women 's judo competition in rio .
west brom striker saido berahino has been given a 12-month ban for drink - driving .
boxer michael towell has died after suffering a brain injury during his fight with carmarthenshire .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has said there is ` ` no threat '' to eu migrants living in the uk .
two benefit claimants have lost their legal battle against the government 's flagship rollout of disability benefits .
a new action plan to tackle the ` ` culture of walking and cycling '' in wales has been published .
nasa 's doctor who probe has released details of the biggest moon in the history of the planet saturn .
the united states women 's soccer team orlando city have signed brazil international marta for an undisclosed fee .
hamilton academical came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and move into second place in the scottish premiership .
northern ireland 's cruise ships are attracting thousands of visitors to the world 's biggest cruise ships .
australian foreign minister joe hockey has been named as the country 's new ambassador to the united states .
the legion d'honneur has been awarded france 's highest military honour for the attempted murder of a man on a train .
a county tyrone woman who was shot in the head by a gunman has said she wants to help release two of her killers .
it 's been a glitch for the world 's biggest online companies , but it 's not easy to see them .
wales ' biggest water company is to spend # 250 m a year on improving its customers ' income .
liberal democrat leader nick clegg has announced plans to introduce free bus travel for young people in england .
pop star madonna 's recent success in the bbc 's new music programme has been criticised by newsbeat .
four british men have been arrested in london in connection with a counter terrorism operation , police have said .
lloyds bank has announced plans to close more than 1,000 branches in the uk , including 1,000 branches .
thousands of people have taken part in one of the uk 's most prestigious cheese races in gloucestershire .
a road which was closed after a landslide which left eight people dead is to be reopened to traffic .
an artificial intelligence program is to be used to test the ability of artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- poker .
the united states has a long way since the election of donald trump as us president , and it 's easy to forget .
match report to follow with dover in the national league with a goalless draw at macclesfield .
as the white house 's new chief of staff lee scaramucci has been named as donald trump 's next chief .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 semi - finals were dented by a lacklustre display at wembley .
the parents of a girl who was killed by a man while on holiday have said they will not be ` ` taken back to the pain '' .
two men have been arrested in dover on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts , the metropolitan police has said .
a second man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after the london bridge terror attack , police have said .
cardiff city 's peter whittingham has signed a new contract with the championship club until 2020 .
a&e department at wrexham 's accident and emergency -lrb- a&e -rrb- department has been cancelled due to a shortage of beds .
luxury fashion chain aquascutum is set to be sold to chinese investors , it has been announced .
substitute ched evans scored his first goal of the season as west brom came from behind to beat stoke .
the sight of wild animals in the arctic could be reduced by the sun , according to new research .
the uk 's first nuclear power plant in more than a decade has been bought by a japanese company .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mccann has called for the justice minister to leave the european court of justice .
the world 's largest human tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- is ` ` not the only disease in the world '' , a leading human rights group has said .
two men have been charged in connection with historical child sex abuse at a school , police have said .
scotland 's first minister jo macdonald has said she is ` ` confident '' a bill to allow terminally ill people to seek help in dying .
plans for a multi - million pound leisure complex in northamptonshire have been approved by the communities secretary .
the remains of an 80-year - old american man who went missing in january have been found in the wild .
blackpool 's three main pier is set to be sold for # 12.6 m , it has been announced .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has announced its intention to stand in the assembly election .
france is to send 1,000 troops to fight islamist militants in mali , the un has said .
the families of the victims of the omagh bomb attack have been awarded damages from the high court .
police have launched a murder investigation after a woman was sexually assaulted at a park in inverness city centre .
a man has been charged over the death of a man who was hit by a car in manchester .
south africa 's governing anc -lrb- anc -rrb- has said it is ` ` unacceptable '' that president jacob zuma is facing legal action .
a world war one airfield in cambridgeshire has been given grade ii * listed status by the english heritage .
david cameron has arrived in france for the first time since becoming prime minister , downing street has confirmed .
doctors in kenya have suspended a 24-hour strike in a row over pay , which has been suspended .
stephen hawking has warned that a ` ` disaster '' could mean the end of the human population .
actress joan collins has been named as the first person to be arrested at a protest meeting in dublin .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in swansea city centre , police have said .
a 72-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he was stopped by police .
world number one nick kyrgios needs to work harder at the end of the season , according to former wimbledon champion john mcenroe .
a man jailed for raping a woman in cardiff has had his appeal against his sentence reduced to 30 days .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni has warned his country 's opposition to a new law banning gay sex .
children who do not pass the times table check will now be tested on their time tables , education minister nick gibb has said .
a grandfather has successfully defended his ` ` incredible '' gardener 's decision to give birth to a rare tree .
david miller 's career - best 73 helped glamorgan beat gloucestershire by seven wickets in the t20 blast .
the vast , arid rural district of ethiopia 's capital , addis ababa , is one of the world 's fastest growing economies .
police have apologised for a ` ` offensive '' picture of a bronze sculpture which was won by a cornwall council .
great britain 's men 's 4x100 m relay team were knocked out of the olympic men 's team event in rio .
plans to redevelop london 's euston railway station have been rejected by an mp .
the son of cornelius gurlitt , one of germany 's best - known art collectors , has died aged 87 .
lanarkshire - based engineering firm i d systems is to create 80 new jobs in the region .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has raised its forecast for the next general election .
the family of a seven - year - old boy who underwent a liver transplant have said they are ` ` delighted '' with the results .
wakefield trinity wildcats have signed hull kr forward jordan tansey on loan until the end of the season .
china 's consumer prices continued to rise in september , despite the country 's inflation rate rising .
hull city have completed the signing of striker abel hernandez from newcastle united for a club record # 8 m .
chris rock has filed for divorce from his wife , who has been married for more than 30 years .
at least two people have been killed and more than 200 injured in a storm in south africa , officials say .
a council has said it is ` ` shocked '' that a number of high - rise buildings have failed fire safety tests .
` ` binge - watch '' has been named as the word of the year by collins .
harry potter star daniel radcliffe says he is ` ` one of the least educated people on shakespeare '' .
rangers manager mark warburton says he will be ` ` 100 % sure '' about his side 's 2 - 0 win at ibrox .
one of the world 's largest security flaws has been discovered by a security firm , a security expert has said .
scientists say they have developed a ` ` super - style '' tv signal that could help them track aircraft speeds .
donald trump 's election victory in the united states has been described as ` ` the greatest moment '' .
flights at gatwick airport have been suspended after a drone flew close to gatwick airport .
south africa 's competition commission has launched an investigation into the alleged manipulation of foreign exchange market funds .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has written to ams to the presiding officer of the welsh assembly .
portsmouth have signed former chesterfield and chesterfield goalkeeper drew talbot on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a london hospital has apologised for ` ` failings '' in its accident and emergency department .
britain 's chris froome finished second in the criterium du dauphine on wednesday .
tour de france champion chris froome has apologised for failing to protect his team 's reputation .
world number one dustin johnson has withdrawn from next week 's us open because of a freak accident .
a new offshore wind farm is to be built in the moray firth as part of the project .
the government has announced plans to cut the amount of vat on goods sold to hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- .
the world 's oldest rugby player has been inducted into the world rugby hall of fame in warwickshire .
two sussex police officers have been sacked after posting an ` ` obscene '' message on social media .
a busker has been found guilty of defrauding the hillsborough justice campaign in the wake of the disaster .
a world war two medal found in a field has been discovered by a metal detector enthusiast . . .
worcestershire batsman daryl mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the professional cricket association -lrb- pca -rrb- .
lyon midfielder lopes was involved in an incident which left him with life - threatening injuries after a goalless draw with lyon .
adele 's new single hello has become the first uk artist to be released in more than a week .
plans to build a ` ` floating pier '' on teesside have been approved by councillors .
the funeral of a french man who was killed in the paris terror attacks has been held in france .
croatia 's jewish leaders are boycotting a ceremony in the capital zagreb to protest against the ustashe massacre .
scotland 's most senior law officer , frank mulholland , has announced he is stepping down .
councillors in north lanarkshire are set to vote on whether to allow a contract to be renegotiated .
the closure of scotland 's sheriff courts has been described as ` ` a milestone '' by a report .
a woman has admitted murdering three men who were found stabbed to death in a field in east anglia .
an 80-year - old man has described the ` ` devastating '' flash flooding which left two cars badly damaged .
the restoration of britain 's oldest building will not be silenced for four years , the house of commons has said .
nottinghamshire all - rounder dan christian has signed a new two - year contract with the t20 blast .
two senior officials have been arrested in connection with an investigation into alleged financial irregularities at liverpool city council .
` ` i ' ve never had a book , '' says patrick mcguinness , who was asked about the future of british politics .
league two side ipswich town have signed portsmouth midfielder luke webster and midfielder luke clarke for an undisclosed fee .
the government is to increase the number of uk - trained doctors trained in the nhs in england .
forensic experts in the mexican state of morelos say they are examining the remains of 30,000 missing people .
division two leaders nottinghamshire were bowled out for 172 on the opening day of the season at trent bridge .
belfast boxer oliver nalbandian has been knocked out of the olympic men 's boxing final .
oscar - winning film la la la land has won the people 's choice award for international directors .
harry chapman pincher has died aged 91 after being named as one of britain 's best - known spies .
richard carpenter is suing universal music for $ 2.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.5 m -rrb- in royalties .
police investigating the murder of a man in county antrim have said they have made a number of arrests .
dan holman 's hat - trick helped cheltenham to victory over woking in the national league .
india 's influential literary council -lrb- aademi -rrb- has said it will take ` ` immediate action '' to end the long - running protests .
us authorities have arrested a prominent human rights adviser on the silk road website , accused of selling illegal drugs .
oldham boosted their league one survival hopes with a 2 - 0 victory over peterborough at the kassam stadium .
a rescue charity has been awarded almost # 30,000 in funding from the department of transport .
` ` i ' m the greatest footballer ever , '' says barry foster , who was the only rangers player ever .
the education secretary has said it is ` ` shocked '' that children are being taught in illegal schools .
a new police and crime commissioner has been named as hampshire 's new chief constable , kate pinkney .
catalans dragons moved level on points with hull fc in the super league with victory over hull fc .
police are hunting for a man who carried out an armed robbery in edinburgh city centre on friday . .
google has announced a new service to monitor the impact of its advertisers in the us .
oxford united 's benik affray is set to make his first start for the club in the fa cup third round .
chelsea midfielder bastian scot is set to leave the club at the end of the season , bbc sport understands .
an independent bookshop is facing a # 5,000 bill to repair the building 's books .
manchester united midfielder nani says he is ` ` very confident '' his new signing will stay at old trafford .
the uk 's departure from the european union has been described as ` ` an important moment '' .
plans for a new visitor centre at the national park of england -lrb- ysp -rrb- have been unveiled .
a terminally ill man has told the high court he will be ` ` locked - in syndrome '' as he seeks a change in assisted dying law .
a powerful 7.2 magnitude earthquake has struck off the coast of vanuatu , the us geological survey has confirmed .
at least 13 people have been killed in a bomb attack in the syrian city of sana , state media say .
a dog has been rescued after being found ` ` like rubbish '' on a dual carriageway .
more than 300 jobs are to be created at a cardiff - based company which employs 300 people .
the mother of two australian children abducted by a group of men in lebanon has been released without charge .
it 's a question that 's a problem for labour 's leadership , and it 's easy to forget that the party 's leader has a problem .
researchers have created a database of tree populations in cities and urban life in a bid to boost urban life .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in east london .
the bbc 's disability works programme , which aims to improve access for people with disabilities , is getting under way .
` ` i do n't think you would be a perfect fit for a job . ''
prime minister david cameron 's questions about the uk 's role in military intervention in syria have been put on hold .
chelsea ladies ' hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the women 's champions league were dented by a goalless draw at glasgow city .
olympic gold medallist rebecca adlington has visited the swimming pool at the great british gas championships in glasgow .
australia 's federal court has ordered the release of more than 4,000 australians who downloaded the film dallas buyers club .
sprinter sacre has become one of the world 's best - trained horses for the first time .
the prison officers ' association -lrb- poa -rrb- has agreed a new pay deal with the government .
researchers at cardiff university are to investigate whether e - cigarettes are more harmful than traditional cigarettes .
the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- is a referendum on whether to remain in the eu .
supermarket chain sainsbury 's has reported a fall in sales in the first quarter of the year .
more than 200 people have been arrested in connection with the rape and prostitution -lrb- cse -rrb- in west yorkshire .
the appeal fund for the restoration of glasgow school of art 's -lrb- gsa -rrb- fire - damaged mackintosh building has raised # 6 m .
the co - operative group has reported a pre - tax profit of [ UNK ] # 3.5 bn for the three months to the end of the year .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has ordered the transfer of the body of former philippine president ferdinand marcos to a cemetery in manila .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a hit - and - run crash in north yorkshire .
a woman has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who was found dead at a travellers ' site .
anna christian has been named in the great britain team for the uec european road championships in denmark .
the failure of police tactics to deal with riots in london was ` ` flawed '' , mps have said .
microsoft has revealed details of its new video game console , scorpio , which will be able to run at 6,000 times .
women are less likely to ask for a pay rise than men , according to a new study by us universities .
a new devolution settlement for wales is to be published as early as possible , the queen has said .
take - two has signed up a professional basketball league -lrb- nba -rrb- division , which aims to increase the popularity of the game .
a ` ` cold , calculated and predatory '' serial abuser has been jailed for eight years .
barnsley have signed wrexham striker kayden jackson on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
the afghan taliban have taken control of sangin district in the north - western province of helmand .
parts of scotland have been hit by high winds and heavy rain , causing damage to buildings and businesses .
the united nations has announced it will end its long - term project with wonder woman , despite criticism of its role .
mobile phone firm three has apologised after a ` ` technical fault '' caused its service to be accessed .
a 25-year - old man has been charged with causing the collapse of a pedestrian bridge in maidstone .
a charity has said it is ` ` shocked '' that a number of hens in north wales have been laid eggs .
nhs staff in england have been told they will not be able to use the treatment of gay people .
a main road in central london has been closed after a water main burst into a busy town centre .
plymouth moved into the league two play - off places with victory at promotion - chasing mansfield town .
a report into the collapse of a bridge over the christmas period has called for improvements to flood defences .
spain 's men 's rugby sevens team have qualified for the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend with a knife in her hand has gone on trial .
a scottish seabird centre is to be created in a bid to attract visitors to the marine environment .
uzbekistan 's president islam karimov has died at the age of 82 , the bbc has learned .
a woman and her two children were found hiding in a van in the back of a van , a court has heard .
saudi arabia 's state - owned rights group amnesty international has said it expects to be at least 150 people to be put to death .
a group of dissident republicans has said it was behind the murder of prison officer david black .
the family of a three - year - old girl who has been refused permission to stay in the uk have said they are ` ` confident '' they will be allowed to stay .
the office for national statistics -lrb- dup -rrb- has released details of the use of the word ` derry ' or londonderry .
british astronaut tim peake and his partner tim peake have created a virtual - reality video game on the international space station .
the russian space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- says it is ` ` not possible '' that a russian cargo ship has lost contact with the international space station .
when a vietnamese woman gave a cash gift to the medical staff at a hospital in hanoi , she did n't know that she would receive .
the owner of a fire - ravaged firework factory has said he is ` ` absolutely horrendous '' to return to the building .
st helens moved level on points with super league leaders castleford with a hard - fought victory over castleford tigers .
the association of scotland -lrb- mba -rrb- has urged people to help keep their mountain bothies safe .
an mp has apologised for posting a ` ` offensive '' comment about type 1 diabetes .
a pakistani schoolgirl has been shot in the head by gunmen in the north - western state of peshawar .
a house has been badly damaged after a lorry crashed into a house and landed on its roof .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on friday , boosted by the latest jobs report .
scotland head coach vern cotter says his side 's performance against france was ` ` absolutely amazing '' .
a new memorial stone has been unveiled in jersey to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
the mother of a nigerian schoolgirl abducted by islamist militants in north - eastern chibok has been reunited with her family .
us carmaker hyundai motor has offered to help us workers who have lost their jobs in the us .
` ` i ' ve got money back , '' says aika sen , the owner of one of the uk 's biggest cashback websites .
a man who had to be rescued from a cardiac arrest has been described as ` ` extremely rare '' .
a group of mps have written to david cameron to the prime minister calling for action to reduce net migration .
a 15-year - old boy has been charged after a man was stabbed in aberdeen city centre .
theresa may is to meet us president donald trump at the start of the week , the bbc understands .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- , tom cowen , has apologised after an interview with an irish finance minister .
the family of a soldier who died at an army base in surrey 20 years ago have said they are ` ` relieved and relieved '' to have been ` ` relieved '' .
bbc radio 1 dj graham james is to receive an honorary degree from the university of norwich -lrb- uea -rrb- .
a bowling pavilion in a derbyshire town is set to be transformed into a museum celebrating the town 's history .
a fire engine has been called to a town 's town 's fire service after it missed targets .
former england striker jeff st john says he is worried about the dangers of heading footballs in the game .
bradford city 's league one play - off hopes were ended as they were held to a draw by montrose .
an investigation into s4c 's welsh language broadcaster is to be carried out by the welsh government .
thousands of people have turned out to see gary barlow sing at a wedding concert in london 's city centre .
a former rwandan academic has been extradited from canada to canada for incendiary reasons .
a court in iran has sentenced a us journalist to death for spying for iran , state media report .
england 's paul casey and rory mcilroy have missed the cut at the us open at erin hills .
sale director of rugby ian cotton says there is ` ` some rebuild '' at the club 's home ground .
a northern ireland woman who has been diagnosed with cervical cancer has been given the chance of surviving her hair .
the edinburgh film festival -lrb- eiff -rrb- is to open its doors for the first time .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a four - year - old boy who died after being hit by a car .
women in the uk are still being paid less than their male counterparts , according to the official statistics agency .
blackpool 's league one play - off hopes suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by colchester .
the japanese society of japan -lrb- japan -rrb- is a group of japanese students in belfast .
an international project to re - establish ancient objects from the ruins of mosul museum has been completed .
the family of a woman who died in a car crash have paid tribute to her ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
the government 's plans to cut subsidies to the uk 's renewable energy industry are being considered by the government .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani recalls the attack on a mosque in nigeria 's capital , nairobi .
david dunn has signed a new one - year contract with blackburn rovers , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
the number of people with mental health problems at accident and emergency units in birmingham has increased by more than 50 % .
the white house has condemned the us 's decision to build a new settlement in the occupied west bank .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell after the bank of england 's latest figures showed the economy grew faster than expected .
two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby who was found dead at a house in kent .
a man has died in a fire at a house in county londonderry , police have said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended lower on wednesday , with shares in energy companies including wpp and wpp .
wakefield trinity have signed newcastle united full - back tyler tyler on loan until the end of the season .
the burmese military has accused the military of ` ` crimes against humanity '' after a report said it was responsible for atrocities against humanity .
two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead in greater manchester .
the political crisis in northern ireland has dominated the debate over the future of the devolution settlement .
us president barack obama has apologised for the bombing of a medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- hospital in afghanistan .
leinster moved level on points with pro12 leaders connacht with a hard - fought victory over connacht .
a protest has been held against plans to convert a tunnel into a dual carriageway at stonehenge .
itv has confirmed the final series of broadchurch will be shown in the uk for the first time .
barcelona moved level on points with la liga leaders real madrid with a 2 - 0 win at levante .
newport county have signed striker tyler harvey from non - league side notts county on a two - year contract .
japanese carmaker toyota is to invest # 2.5 m in its uk plant to build a new generation of vehicles .
as hungary prepares to go to the polls on thursday , the bbc 's election campaign gets under way .
a boat has been rescued after it crashed into a boat off the coast of oban in argyll .
the department of education -lrb- del -rrb- is to spend # 9.5 m on closing the public sector in northern ireland .
musi comics , ridden by frankie dettori , won the king george vi and queen elizabeth stakes at ascot .
sunderland midfielder kevin kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a grade ii - listed building in north - east england has been named as one of the uk 's most historic buildings .
a us soldier has been charged with having post - traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in a nightclub in greater manchester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street .
eden hazard scored twice as belgium came from behind to beat norway in their opening game of euro 2016 .
boris johnson is one of the most powerful political figures in the uk , and it 's been a huge influence in opinion .
former news of the world editor and ex - girlfriend sarah coulson have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to hack phones .
a motorcyclist was killed when his car left the road and hit a tree in surrey .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in spain has fallen to a record low , official figures show .
northern ireland 's health minister has announced a # 1.5 m funding package to help deal with the growing number of children needing autism assessment .
plans to build a new 50 m swimming pool in derby have been approved by the city 's council .
norwegian international bjorn johnsen has signed a new two - year contract with dutch side den haag .
a new vaccine for the zika virus is being developed by the us national institutes of health -lrb- who -rrb- .
three brothers from rotherham have been convicted of raping and sexually abusing two young girls in rotherham .
the brother of one of the victims of bloody sunday has said he thought it would have been ` ` an explosion '' .
israel 's new police commissioner has been appointed to tackle the discrimination that has plagued the arab community .
a court in egypt has suspended the formation of a new constitutional panel , which was due to be set up in june .
holyrood 's new budget bill has been formally published at holyrood , the party has said .
five uk service personnel have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern afghanistan , the ministry of defence has confirmed .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union has been described as a ` ` political irresponsible day '' .
a man has been taken to hospital after a knife attack on a train at a station in south london .
italy have appointed former juventus boss antonio conte as their new manager on a two - year contract .
tributes have been paid to a former footballer who was found dead in a hotel room in douglas .
four people have been arrested in the uk on suspicion of being involved in the illegal use of webcams .
ghana 's president - elect nana akufo - addo has won a second term in office , beating the opposition leader in 2012 .
more than 40,000 people in the uk are diagnosed with dementia , a study has found .
a collection of previously unseen photographs taken by the rock against racism in london has gone on display in london .
` ` i ' m a little kid from england , '' says former manchester united and england striker bob dwyer .
the cost of staging a west end musical is ` ` extremely low '' , according to lord lloyd webber .
essex all - rounder tom harmer says he will never be taking four five five wickets in two games .
france 's government says it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the massacre that killed 22 people in the northern city of paris .
the law commission has called for changes to the system of care services in england and wales to protect vulnerable people .
the number of district nurses in wales has dropped by more than a third since 2009 , figures show .
a victorian cemetery in north wales is to be transformed into a ` ` garden '' , it has been announced .
sleep disorders linked to type-2 diabetes could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes , researchers say .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have arrived in canada for their first official tour of the country , in the country .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an armed robbery at a bank in birmingham .
the price of cancer drugs available on the nhs in england has risen since 2011 , according to a new analysis .
birmingham bears all - rounder tom thornton has signed a new contract with the county championship division one club .
nigeria 's government has announced plans to end direct flights between the united states and the capital , lagos .
some of the uk 's largest fixed odds betting terminals -lrb- coral -rrb- have been told to pay a bonus for their customers .
a 21-year - old man who was caught trying to smuggle heroin and heroin into germany has been jailed for five years .
swansea city head coach angel rangel says he is ` ` looking like the best team in the uk '' .
huddersfield town striker fernando forestieri is set to miss the rest of the season with a groin injury .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
cardiff city striker anthony pilkington says the bluebirds are capable of reaching the championship play - offs .
the scottish government has scrapped the right to buy scheme , which has been scrapped by more than 80 % .
there are four main political groups in the north - western state of iowa , where they will vote in the next election .
french authorities are seeking $ 340 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 590 m -rrb- in damages from booking - com .
a massive data dump of thousands of emails belonging to the founder of the ashley madison website has been published .
australia 's house of representatives has voted to condemn donald trump as ` ` a revolting slug '' .
a star wars actor has said he was ` ` humbled '' to be darth vader alone .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the growing trend of technology in africa .
david cameron 's plans to end in - work benefits for the first four years have been described as ` ` unlikely '' .
scientists say they have developed a new way to cut errors in tumours , which could lead to cancer .
sony pictures is set to set up a new ghostbusters film , it has been confirmed , with the original star in the original .
china 's army has apologised to four soldiers who were injured when a car crashed into a river .
abdul fattah al - sisi has been sworn in as egypt 's new president of the muslim brotherhood .
claudia winkleman has said she is ` ` incredibly sad '' to quit bbc one 's strictly come dancing .
two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a park in glasgow .
yorkshire would be entitled to a ` ` white rose parliament '' , former finance minister david blunkett has said .
the family of a canadian man who was struck by lightning during a wedding have spoken of their shock .
scotland 's federica bankier won her second scottish national title at the scottish national championships .
` ` small businesses '' would be ` ` foolish '' not to help the public sector , a council leader has said .
a court in brazil has sentenced a man to 30 years in jail for the murder of an indigenous woman in the amazon region .
mae ' r goron eleni yng nghymru wedi cael eisteddfod genedlaethol .
thousands of chinese domestic workers have held a rally in hong kong , calling for a ` ` anti - immigrant government '' .
a series of events to mark the centenary of the 1916 easter rising have been announced in the republic of ireland .
intel has reported a fall in net profit for the third quarter as demand for its computer chip business continues .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- is looking at ways of improving its performance programme .
celtic have been fined # 30,000 for crowd disturbances during their champions league qualifier against turkey .
saracens lock george kruis has been ruled out of england 's autumn tests against australia .
wigan half - back sam tomkins has returned to the super league club for the rest of the season .
a seven - year - old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool was saved from drowning , an inquest has heard .
republican presidential candidate mitt romney is preparing to run for the next us presidential election , and he 's ready to run .
police in italy say they have arrested a man who allegedly threatened to shoot a group of nudityers .
the authorities in burkina faso have confirmed the death of a man in a mosquito - borne disease linked to dengue fever .
wicketkeeper james taylor has signed a new two - year contract with derbyshire , keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018 season .
the new chief executive of wales ' community housing agency has been named as the new head of the council .
the family of a british woman who died after suffering multiple stab wounds to her neck have said they are ` ` appalled '' by the case .
bangladesh has been hit by a major power blackout in the country 's second largest state of the year .
senior police officers have said they are ` ` confident '' the scottish government will take control of railway policing .
no further action will be taken after a man was sexually assaulted at a military base in aberdeenshire .
yum brands , the owner of kfc , pizza hut and pizza hut , have reported a rise in profits in china .
mexico 's justice minister simon galindo has been sacked by the country 's national security agency -lrb- cndh -rrb- .
a tram test has been carried out in manchester city centre on friday , as part of the city 's tram project .
grimsby town have signed midfielder lee straker on a one - year contract , with the option of a further year .
a new exhibition has been unveiled in new york 's new york museum to highlight the ` ` immunity '' of art .
northern ireland 's tourism industry needs to do more to attract visitors to titanic belfast , its director has said .
the authorities in arizona say they have struck a ` ` significant blow '' to a drug trafficking ring that has plagued the country .
the credit agency moody 's has said the uk will not be affected by the brexit vote .
chelsea have completed the signing of former barcelona and barcelona defender thibaut courtois for an undisclosed fee .
a mobile game has been developed by researchers at the university of bristol to help understand how people manage the virtual reality game .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in dixons carphone rose after the company reported higher profits .
the number of child sexual exploitation victims in england and wales is at ` ` serious risk '' , according to a new report .
indonesia 's capital , jakarta , has become the first country in the world to use twitter as a peace sign .
a pony has been put down by the rspca after being found with a ` ` large hole '' in its legs .
northern ireland 's new health minister has told the bbc that the current system is not going to work .
the us has carried out a series of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
in the middle of the morning , david barrett was a british resident of a small country in beirut .
actor jim blessed has spoken of his ` ` amazing '' experience of having a baby in labour .
in the aftermath of the invasion of iraq in 2003 and 2003 , the united states and the united nations were in the same way .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house .
the education and education system in wales is to be discussed at a conference in cardiff on thursday evening .
the us space agency has released new images of jupiter 's north pole , its first glimpse of jupiter .
a 34-year - old man has been charged with murder after a woman was killed in a hit - and - run crash in staffordshire .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to set the pace at the malaysian grand prix .
the sdlp leader , tom mallon , has endorsed the party 's mla seamus eastwood in his support of the party '' .
actress michelle dockery is to direct a new stage production of les liaisons dangereuses , the royal court has announced .
the mother of a man shot dead by her boyfriend in california has raised more than $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- in bail .
the son of venezuela 's president [ UNK ] maduro has urged the country 's capital , caracas .
james faulkner scored a hat - trick as sri lanka beat australia by seven runs in their one - day international in colombo .
john lewis 's flagship store in edinburgh is set to reopen next month as part of a major refurbishment .
natwest and royal bank of scotland have called on the bank of england to review its interest rates .
an investigation is under way after a motorist was issued with a parking charge notice in a car park .
jack marriott scored a hat - trick as peterborough came from behind to beat rotherham 2 - 1 in league one .
county championship division one leaders lancashire will begin their 2016 campaign with a three - day series against durham at edgbaston .
the death of children 's author helen bailey was ` ` undetermined '' , a court has heard .
a man has been charged with the murder of a bulgarian woman who has been missing for more than a week .
karen gillan has been cast as the new cast of a sequel to the classic jumanji .
in the united states , there is a growing problem in the opinion of mainstream politicians in the us .
google has said it will invest # 1bn in its new headquarters in king 's cross in the uk .
the former president of the european council has said he expects ` ` no serious talks '' between the government and the uk over brexit .
it was a moment when liverpool beat borussia dortmund 2 - 0 in the europa league final .
jack frear 's second - half goal helped forest green rovers beat halifax in league two .
cuba 's first communist state , fidel castro , became the first state in more than 50 years .
the husband of a british - iranian woman arrested in iran is to hold a free birthday card for his daughter .
a man accused of sexually abusing his ex - girlfriend has told a court he was ` ` obsessed '' with her .
wales captain jamie roberts says he is ` ` gutted '' to play for the british and irish lions .
german prosecutors have arrested anis amri , the man suspected of being behind the lorry attack in berlin last year .
a man has been charged in connection with a multi - million pound raid on a property in edinburgh .
a scottish couple have become the first in the world to get married on skis in a year .
northern ireland 's poultry industry is on the verge of a multi - million pound investment in the industry .
stoke city have signed former fulham and fulham striker steve sidwell on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a school in swansea .   's building .
turkey 's main opposition paper , cumhuriyet , has been arrested on suspicion of plotting a coup .
the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- has warned that the price of crude oil is continuing to decline .
italian police have arrested four people suspected of carrying a ` ` baby gang '' in a series of raids in milan .
the family of a british man who died at a clinic in switzerland have said he is ` ` at peace and away from fear '' .
harvard university is set to change its official seal to accommodate the use of ` ` master '' .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of yorkshire .
two welsh dragon sculptures have been unveiled in caernarfon castle to celebrate st david 's day .
mercedes ' nico rosberg headed team - mate lewis hamilton in first practice at the spanish grand prix .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
organisers of the tour de france have said they are ` ` concerned '' about a council 's ` ` safety concerns '' .
the parents of british holidaymaker anni dewani , who was shot dead in south africa , have told the bbc they are ` ` devastated '' by her death .
a danish ship has been detained by iranian authorities , the country 's foreign affairs agency has confirmed .
hs2 's rail network will be hit by a ` ` huge number '' of rail closures , campaigners say .
scientists say they have discovered a new link between protein and protein that puts them at risk of developing cancer .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have become the first in the world to be born in the same sex .
wilfried bony scored a hat - trick as ivory coast beat algeria in the quarter - finals of the africa cup of nations .
british astronaut tim peake has become the first person ever to board the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
education secretary huw lewis has set a new target for wales to be in the top 20 in 2021 .
the transfer window is set to close on monday , with the deadline day signing of a new contract .
it 's fair to say that the crowdfunded video game star citizen has become the world 's biggest crowdfunding project .
mark tennant and piper are set to appear in the first episode of the new doctor who special .
us president donald trump has said he does not have tapes of conversations with former fbi chief james comey .
craft brewer and bar operator brewdog has raised more than # 50 m to help fund its expansion in the us .
residents of a village in oxfordshire have threatened to keep their homes open because they are not getting superfast broadband .
derby county manager nigel pearson says he is not concerned about the impact of tom butterfield and olsson .
three men who blew up cash machines in scotland and stole more than # 130,000 have been jailed .
a newport company which sold turkeys to butchers has been jailed for more than # 250,000 .
two scottish conservative msps have taken part in a campaign to keep the uk in the european union .
glasgow - based clothing and accessories brand scottish women 's fashion has announced plans to expand its operations .
the number of students applying for places in the a - levels in northern ireland has risen by 5 % .
mullah akhtar mansour was killed by a us drone in afghanistan , the taliban say .
the number of new cars sold in scotland has reached its highest level in more than a decade , according to new figures .
steven naismith hopes his return to norwich city will be a ` ` big factor '' for the club .
grimsby ended aldershot 's national league play - off hopes with a 3 - 3 win at aldershot .
the families of two inmates killed themselves at a prison in buckinghamshire have won a judicial review of their treatment .
ross wallace scored the only goal of the game as sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat huddersfield town .
welsh cyclist laura davies says she is ` ` delighted '' to be competing at the 2017 british championships .
the shortlist for this year 's dylan thomas prize has been announced by the university of swansea .
mexico 's attorney general is investigating allegations of malfeasance and malfeasance in hospitals .
the families of three reservist reservists who died on a training exercise have said they are ` ` extremely disappointed '' that the government has decided to remove the immunity from prosecution .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for greater recognition of victims of revenge porn .
shrewsbury town midfielder connor ogogo has signed a new contract with the league one club .   's surgeon .
two care workers have been jailed for 12 months for the manslaughter of an elderly woman who fell into her bed .
fifa has said it will not allow england and scotland players to wear poppies on armbands .
newport gwent dragons have signed wales scrum - half lee gray from pro12 side gloucester .
pandemrix 's vaccine against the childhood bug has been linked to pandemrix , it has been claimed .
a man who broke into his home in south lanarkshire has been jailed for four years and four months .
the dales is one of the most remote parts of the yorkshire dales in recent years , but it is not easy to forget .
the legacy of one of the world 's oldest sporting events is being celebrated in the democratic republic of congo .
indian prime minister narendra modi jugnauth has announced he is stepping down as prime minister .
an indian soldier has died after an avalanche struck the siachen glacier in indian - administered kashmir .
a woman who has been paralysed from the waist down is preparing to run the london marathon .
human remains found on a motorway in shropshire have been identified as those of a man who went missing .
the cavern club in liverpool is marking the 50th anniversary of the creation of the beatles ' first concert .
the prime minister has said it is ` ` extremely important '' that northern ireland is not given enough money to deal with the legacy of the troubles .
it 's only a few days since the end of the year , but it 's not only only only the warmest december .
the parents of a woman who took control of a remote isle off the coast of suffolk have been named .
former eastleigh mp chris huhne has been granted the chance to get into parliament by the press association -lrb- foi -rrb- .
firefighters have been tackling a fire at a house in perthshire which left two people needing hospital treatment .
former snp leader alex salmond has said he will not allow himself to be ` ` gazumped '' by the pro - independence campaign .
birmingham city manager sean morrison says the club are ` ` too open '' to promotion from the championship .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to his impeachment .
maxime biamou scored twice as sutton united beat gateshead 3 - 0 in the national league .
the european union has failed to agree a landmark trade deal with canada , despite objections from the eu .
the family of a man who died when his car was hit by a car on the m1 have called for a change in driving rules .
worcestershire youngster joe tongue hit a career - best 73 as his side dominated glamorgan at new road .
trade unions at the tuc conference in brighton have called for action against government cuts to public services .
a new species of reptile and reptile have been unearthed in spain , the first fossilised fossilised fossils from the extinct species .
a man and a woman have been found dead at a house in renfrewshire , police have said .
muslim leaders from around the world have begun a three - day tour of the world to promote the role of the holocaust .
glamorgan head coach jacques rudolph says he is ` ` ready '' to stand up with senior players in division two of the county championship .
the mother of a 23-year - old woman who died after suffering complications from an illness has been denied a medical appointment .
fleetwood mac are to headline this year 's isle of wight festival , the organiser has confirmed .
police in denmark say they have found a torso in the sea off the coast of denmark that is a missing swedish journalist .
france 's new prime minister , ayrault , has been named as the country 's next prime minister .
us president barack obama and chinese president xi jinping have said they will use ` ` action '' to tackle cybercrimes .
mae gogledd cymru wedi cael ei gyhoeddi ddatblygiad yng nghymru .
glamorgan chief executive hugh morris says the county need to replace the fast bowlers in the championship this season .
france 's conservative presidential candidate has said he is ` ` convinced '' his party has a plan for reform .
two climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting stuck on a snowdonia mountain . .
england captain alastair cook continued his fine start to the second test against pakistan with an innings - and - a - half century .
the fire and rescue service -lrb- pcc -rrb- has asked the government to rethink plans to co - operate with two fire services .
women 's super league one champions chelsea ladies were held to a goalless draw by yeovil town ladies .
torquay united have signed defender joe dugdale on a two - year deal and defender luke cole on a two - year < q >
the first female bishop of hull has been consecrated at a ceremony in the church of england . ''
great britain 's sarah graddon says she is ` ` gutted '' not to compete at the 2016 olympics .
two people have been arrested after a gun was fired at a house in wrexham city centre on friday .
chinese photographer haitong yu has been shortlisted for this year 's bbc radio astronomy competition competition .
mae ' r e - byst newydd yng nghymru wedi cael ei gafodd ei gyhoeddi ddydd .
the australian government 's decision to allow a mine to be built on the site of a multimillion - pound mining project has been delayed .
actor bill jones has been presented with a bafta cymru award at a ceremony in cardiff on friday .
the shortlist for this year 's african footballer of the year award has been announced in nigeria .
football association chairman greg dyke has announced he will step down this summer , saying he is ` ` not the best person to pick up the pieces '' .
two us soldiers have been killed in an insider attack in southern afghanistan , the us - led coalition says .
a new map of how the brains of babies are growing in the womb has been published by uk researchers .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
british scientists have signed a contract to build a satellite into orbiter , which will lead to the sun 's solar system .
plans to give 30 hours of free childcare for children in england are ` ` at serious risk '' of breaking the government 's pledge .
great britain 's chris and gabby adcock won the mixed doubles final at the british mixed doubles championships .
the 2016 paralympic games in rio de janeiro and paralympics are the best way for athletes with their performance .
asian shares fell on monday as investor concern over greece 's prospects for a snap general election on thursday .
a man has admitted killing a four - year - old girl in a hit - and - run crash in north lanarkshire .
a court in nigeria has ordered the death penalty for four muslim men who were convicted of homosexual offences .
league one side oldham athletic have signed midfielder ryan macdonald on loan from bournemouth until the end of the season .
new england manager eddie howe says he will not be distracted by reports linking him with the national team .
community energy schemes in wales are being hit hardest by the way they pay business rates , bbc wales understands .
the first meeting of the north 's main political parties in the north of england has been described as ` ` extremely positive '' .
formula 1 's new season has been under way , and it 's been another busy week .
the mother of a seven - year - old boy who was left paralysed after being hit by a barbecue has said she feels ` ` helpless '' .
a project to digitise the historic buildings of glasgow 's council tower blocks is to be published .
an 18-year - old man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men in north belfast .
home secretary theresa may has said she is ` ` concerned '' that the home office is planning to ban two people from entering the uk .
worcestershire 's hopes of automatic promotion from division one were dented by bad weather on day two at canterbury .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a crash on the a34 in oxfordshire .
rock star phil collins has donated his collection of alamo memorabilia to the texas land commission -lrb- land -rrb- .
universities in england are to be asked to set out a ` ` fair share of money '' to students .
a conference is being held in denbighshire to help tackle cyber security issues in north wales .
the un human rights chief has condemned the shooting of a group of civilians in the turkish city of cizre .
a florida man has been arrested on suspicion of practising alternative medicine after he was arrested by police .
alastair cook 's recent record - breaking form in the second test against india has turned for the first time .
the owners of the bernard matthews turkey business have said they have ` ` productive '' talks with the new owners .
` ` i do n't know that i ' ve been a journalist , '' says divya kewlani .
the closure of control rooms in the north - east of scotland has been delayed until the end of the year .
mae aelodau cyffredinol wedi dweud bod yn etholiad cyffredinol yng nghymru .
police are searching the home of a small exotic snake that escaped from a home in the us state of florida .
growth in the uk 's second largest economy is likely to slow , according to a think tank .
nottingham forest have signed cardiff city striker riek macheda on loan until the end of the season .
the company that owns one of northern ireland 's largest construction firms is set to cut its operations .
plans to redevelop part of an allotments in surrey have been approved by councillors .
cardiff city manager sean morrison says his side need to learn lessons from their poor start to the season .
the charity beat has called for a ban on the sale of laxatives to be reduced to 10 .
worcestershire batsman joe clarke made his first county championship century of the season as they beat derbyshire at new road .
it 's a typical day for many of the world 's poorest people , but how do you work ?
somerset all - rounder chris rogers says his county championship title hopes are ` ` absolutely committed '' to the division one title .
a former derry gaa player has appeared in court charged with stealing more than # 600,000 from a quarry .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 15-year - old boy was stabbed in a car park .
amateur golfer scott gregory is preparing to play golf for the first time in four years after playing at augusta .
the number of transgender young people who identify as a hate crime in scotland has fallen by 50 % , according to a charity .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the london market fell on friday , with shares in online retail group ocado going down .
voters across the uk have voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
a company has been fined # 250,000 after admitting failing to fit flues and gas supply pipes .
the taliban have captured the strategically important district of sangin in helmand province , in the first such battle since 2001 .
the national trust -lrb- nt -rrb- has said it is ` ` confident '' the house of clandon is to be restored .
motorcyclist douglas carswell has died after a crash at a motocross event in leicestershire .
a man who stalked his ex - partner 's ex - partner has been jailed for four years .
pee , wee and wee are some of the world 's best - known and fastest - growing technology .
a prison officer has been attacked with a knife in a paramilitary - style attack in county antrim .
accrington came from behind to beat preston north end and reach the efl cup quarter - finals .
the chair of the us federal reserve , janet yellen , has said she believes the case for a rise in us interest rates has increased .
wolfsburg have been fined # 1,000 for posting a picture of himself on social media .
dinamo zagreb will send their trophy to cameroon if they win the romanian cup , the club have confirmed .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have taken the queen 's baton at a concert in the german city of hamburg .
a teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in county durham .
virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- can be used to show people with autism in the future .
two caterpillars have been found in a woodland in north - east england , experts have said .
toshiba has said it is in talks with banks and banks in a bid to raise funds for its finances .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani recalls the sub - saharan nigerian town of mubende .
an inquest into the death of a holidaymaker in ukraine has been opened and adjourned .
virat kohli 's unbeaten century helped india beat pakistan by seven runs in the opening match of the world cup .
thousands of people have attended the annual armed forces day event in the east of england .   's national day .
scientists say they have found evidence that human remains were broken up by humans in the early hours of 2013 .
mark cavendish 's hopes of winning gold in the men 's race were dented by team gb 's failure to win gold .
the queen has posthumously pardoned computer scientist alan turing , who was jailed for codebreaking during world war two .
arsenal striker radamel falcao is set to miss the rest of the season with a thigh injury .
at least 14 people have been killed in a series of attacks in iraq 's capital , baghdad , officials say .
birmingham city ladies have signed frankfurt women 's super league one club frankfurt and germany international karen willis .
emily gilruth has been airlifted to hospital after a fall at the british eventing championships .
barnsley manager gary johnson says he will take full responsibility for the club 's poor run of form .
india and bangladesh have agreed to share water from the river teesta river in the north - eastern state of bangladesh .
the final days of campaigning for the uk to leave the eu will be announced in june , the bbc understands .
great britain 's beth tweddle won gold in the women 's gymnastics event at london 2012 .
england captain dylan hartley says he will not be in the squad for next year 's british and irish lions tour .
liverpool midfielder raheem sterling 's future at the club is ` ` an honour '' , says manager brendan rodgers .
former olympic gold medallist marie richards - ross has spoken of her ` ` courage '' to wear make - up .
the football league 's promotion hopes are over after a goalless draw at yeovil town .
at least 14 civilians have been killed in an air strike in southern yemen , the un has said .
the uk 's exit from the eu is ` ` all over '' , former cabinet minister lord o'donnell has said .
wigan warriors prop lewis tierney has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club until 2020 .
a 15-year - old girl who died after getting into difficulties on a pier in tyneside has been named by police .
egypt 's zamalek and zesco will play in the semi - finals of the african champions league .
a paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after falling off the coast of county slieve .
one of the uk 's largest car companies is set to open its doors for the first time .
spain 's two new mayors are taking part in a campaign to change the way they are elected .
labour 's manifesto for the party 's election manifesto is promising to scrap tuition fees in england and wales .
a hospital trust has apologised to a staff member who claimed a ` ` black holed '' in a ` ` blackout blind '' by mistake .
an appeal for information about the disappearance of a missing man has been launched by police investigating his disappearance .
coventry city moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over millwall .
the release of detainee omar aamer , who was released from prison last month , has been welcomed back to the uk .
changes to the gcse exams system in england are being announced by the exams regulator ofqual .
the spending review of the government 's spending cuts has been completed by the institute of fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- .
the australian government has announced new laws to strip dual nationals who are suspected of being involved in terrorism .
the european tour has confirmed that the irish open will be held at ballyliffin castle in county donegal .
a company has apologised after a former uni worker was asked to be interviewed by her employer .
hundreds of police officers have taken part in a guard of honour to a former police officer who died after being diagnosed with cancer .
the us has lifted restrictions on human rights aid in bahrain , after the government lifted its restrictions on its human rights .
south africa have appointed south africa coach bill domingo as their new head coach on a short - term contract .
chelsea ended manchester united 's unbeaten start to the season as manager jose mourinho 's first game in charge of manchester united .
aberdeen midfielder graeme shinnie has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club . .
england were beaten by scotland in the second round of the six nations as they were out - of - control with an impressive performance against scotland .
the man who predicted the outcome of this year 's world cup has been named as the ` ` psychic '' .
manx grand prix champion bruce springsteen continued his preparations for this weekend 's event at the isle of man .
it 's the front page of the belfast telegraph 's front page , the irish news and the daily papers .
the trial of a man accused of murdering his wife has been adjourned until the end of the year .
hibernian and dundee united had to settle for a point each in the scottish championship after drawing at tannadice .
new scotch whisky distilleries in scotland are being ` ` blown off the shelves '' , according to new figures .
england will play south africa in the final leg of the sevens series at twickenham on saturday .
great britain 's sarah cave won gold in the final of the world triathlon championships in doha .
motherwell moved to within a point of the premiership play - off places with victory over motherwell .
a man has been charged with assaulting a woman in a supermarket car park in which she was attacked .
it 's been a year since tove tove her new album , she 's already already done .
ugandan hackers have attacked the government 's official website , which is accused of ` ` insulting homosexuals '' .
conor mcgregor and conor mcgregor have traded insults at ufc lightweight champion conor mcgregor in las vegas on saturday .
schoolgirls in kenya have broken the world record for reading the storymoja national read laureate .
hoffenheim have signed hoffenheim boss christian tedesco for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer .
an exhibition is to be held to mark 50 years since the creation of 50,000 photographs taken by a charity .
a man who died after an allergic reaction to a bee sting has been named by a coroner in devon .
a new cancer research centre in manchester has been awarded # 3.5 m by the university of manchester .
hundreds of thousands of egyptians have attended the funeral of pope shenouda in the capital , cairo .
police scotland have said they are ` ` extremely concerned '' about the use of communications to track criminals .
england 's charley hull is three shots off the lead going into the final round of the race to dubai tour championship .
the queen 's 90th birthday party is set to be held at a street party in london .
a florida man has been charged in connection with a fire that destroyed a mosque in orlando , florida .
tributes have been paid to the founder of swansea city football club , who has died aged 87 .
a zoo in the us state of ohio has temporarily closed its gorilla world exhibit after an online backlash .
french police have carried out a major security operation on a train from france 's capital , paris .
the scottish spca has confirmed that a cat has died after being poisoned by antifreeze in edinburgh .
prime minister david cameron has called for a boycott of football 's world cups to be held in germany .
work has begun on a new memorial to the last surviving bomber of the battle of the sommer airfield .
the operator of japan 's nuclear power plant has unveiled a plan to end the crisis that has plagued the country .
a meeting of the police officers involved in the manchester terror attack has been called ` ` shocking '' .
` ` it 's impossible to do anything like it , '' says jessica del rey , as she talks with the bbc 's today programme .
belfast giants moved level on points with elite league leaders nottingham panthers after a 4 - 2 win over nottingham panthers .
birmingham city were relegated to the championship after losing at nottingham forest , despite playing out a goalless draw .
the prince of wales has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that religious freedom is ` ` beyond all faiths '' .
the uk and norway have signed a contract to build a sub - sea electricity cable for the first time .
an investigation into the deaths of a baby boy at a hospital in cumbria has called for ` ` urgent action '' .
the mystery of the location of king arthur 's round table has been solved by a university professor .
pop star lady gaga 's super bowl performance at the houston super bowl has been described as ` ` the greatest moment '' .
a man accused of assaulting a married couple at a hotel has told a court he was trying to defuse the situation .
juan martin del potro beat stan wawrinka to reach the quarter - finals of the australian open .
the uk 's membership of the european union is ` ` not in reverse '' , justice secretary michael gove has said .
the exam timetable for this year 's gcse exams in england and wales has been published .
plans to vaccinate boys in wales are being considered by the welsh government , bbc wales understands .
napoli striker gonzalo higuain 's proposed move to napoli is unlikely to be made by the club , according to his agent .
loch ness could be the source of a ` ` monster '' , a conservation charity has said .
polling stations have closed in cheshire to elect a new mp for cheshire , with the constituency being counted .
big ben is to be named as the uk 's official official official ` ` historic city '' .
a collection of scuba divers from the uk has been sold at auction for # 8,000 .
the bank of england has voted to keep interest rates at 0.5 % at 0.1 % .
bradford city have offered new deals to midfielder darren darby , who has been released by the league one club .
canada 's government has dropped its appeal against the so - called islamic state -lrb- niqab- is -rrb- .
a bid to buy tata steel 's uk operations is to be submitted to the government , bbc understands .
a sri lanka court has sentenced a former prime minister to life in jail for shooting dead a political rival .
gloucester lock mark atkinson has signed a new contract with the premiership club until the end of the season .
china 's first artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- is developing its first version of artificial intelligence .
pakistan has rejected an appeal by india to save the life of an indian national accused of spying for pakistan .
a man who said he was threatened with ` ` throwing acid in the face '' has been married .
the danish government has announced a radical shake - up of the way cancer patients are diagnosed with cancer .
a main road in staffordshire is to be closed for the first time as part of a # 50 m project to improve water supplies .
brighton midfielder lee sidwell has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
reddit has confirmed that its website has published a warrant canary on its website , which disappeared last month .
plans to build a new golf course in the highlands have been unveiled by the developers of the project .
the story of a ` ` lucky country '' has become the first book to be published in australia .
myanmar 's government has signed a deal to end the long - running conflict in the country .
` ` i do n't know what i would have done , '' says eric deleon .
forest green rovers have signed former leatherhead and leatherhead defender gary pidgeley on a one - year contract .
the boss of the regulator ofgem has said the uk 's energy industry needs to cut prices .
the world 's answer to the growing demand for phosphorus is likely to be met by 2030 .
cardiff city have appointed manager russell slade as their new manager on a two - year deal with the championship club .
china 's foreign ministry has said it is ` ` monitoring '' china 's supply of iranian oil .
more than 100 nigerian schoolgirls are still missing after being kidnapped by militants , the military says .
great britain 's dan evans and dan evans won gold in the mixed doubles at the rio olympics .
police have appealed for information after a man 's world war two medal was stolen from his home .
wales men 's and women 's head coach paul clements says he is ` ` over the moon '' for qualifying for the 2018 world cup .
the scottish fishermen 's federation has said it is committed to keeping scotland 's membership of the european union .
russia has said it is ending its military presence in syria as part of a ` ` draw - down '' air strikes against rebels .
families are being asked to help tackle the challenges faced by children as young as three in the highlands .
glasgow - based aggreko has announced plans to cut its full - year profits to # 25 m .
the bbc 's tablet computer system has been stopped by a group of schoolchildren in the uk .
the african champions were knocked out of the africa cup of nations as they thrashed kabylie 2 - 0 in monrovia .
two youths were hurt when a fire broke out in a park in stirling , police have said in a bid to save their lives .
derbyshire all - rounder tom taylor has extended his contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
councils could face a ` ` cashier '' shortfall in council tax , the local government association -lrb- lga -rrb- has said .
a review is to be carried out into the use of 20 mph zones on manchester 's roads .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` confused and bemused '' by the traditional irish national anthem .
` ` i ' ve left tate modern , '' says nicholas serota , the director of the tate modern .
the snp has won the general election in scotland , taking the most seats in the country 's history .
the annual rugby world cup in newcastle has been hailed as a ` ` huge success '' by organisers .
the football association has ` ` major concerns '' over jose mourinho 's treatment of chelsea manager eva carneiro , says chairman greg dyke .
a farmer who built his mock - tudor castle without planning permission has told a court he ` ` broke no law '' .
the inquests into the deaths of the victims of the manchester arena bombing have been adjourned .
actor timothy johnson , best known for playing the role of james bond , has died at the age of 82 .
an outbreak of norovirus at raigmore hospital in inverness has led to the closure of all wards .
a woman who embezzled more than [ UNK ] # 4,000 from her borders home has been given a two - year sentence .
prime minister theresa may 's decision to call an early election for the first time in more than 50 years has been described as ` ` unprecedented '' .
colombia 's government says it is investigating the alleged hacking of the government 's office in havana .
a carer who stole a pensioner 's bank account has been jailed for more than two years .
a group of ams has called for more support for women in public life in wales to be made public .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced that he will replace the country 's toughest currency .
an investigation has been launched into the future of a hospital trust which has been criticised by health regulator monitor .
a court in the burmese town of letpadan has sentenced 64 people to 20 years in jail .
thieves who stole jewellery worth more than # 20,000 have been offered a pair of jewellery .
kenya 's election commission has begun giving preliminary results to the polling stations in the capital , nairobi .
british gardener george has met newsround at the royal botanic flower show -lrb- rdp -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian journalist elizabeth ohene reflects on ghana 's main road .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a two - vehicle crash in cumbria .
an independent review into the murder of pat finucane in belfast has found that the police ombudsman failed to intervene .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a meat market .
a statue of musician michael ronson has been unveiled in a hull park where he worked with david bowie .
david cameron has apologised to a london muslim preacher who accused the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
urban areas are being transformed into ` ` giant nature reserves '' , according to a new study .
crewe alexandra have signed bury striker ryan lowe on a short - term deal until the end of the season .
a group of raccoon escaped from a wild animal in the us state of washington on friday .
police are investigating the disappearance of a seven - year - old girl from greater manchester . . . .   < q >
a couple who were murdered in a burglary at their home have been reunited with their medals .
bbc northern ireland has won the top prize at this year 's international documentary festival in the republic of ireland .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head .
a vicar has apologised for saying children were ` ` father christmas '' by a priest .
as the kremlin prepares to launch its new era in the us , the art of kremlin politics has changed .
southport have parted company with manager steve burr and manager steve watson following their relegation from the national league .
sale sharks fly - half vadim cobilas has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
a pakistani social media star , qandeel baloch , has died at the age of 82 .
the hebridean celtic festival is to be offered a virtual reality experience by its organisers .
kasabian have criticised the use of the word ` ` psycho '' to describe people with mental health problems .
tesco is to buy giraffe from its uk stores as part of a drive to boost its business .
a man who raped a woman in her home in glasgow more than 30 years ago has been jailed for 12 years .
a team of archaeologists have unearthed a series of early bronze tools at an archaeological dig in the highlands .
worcestershire 's daryl mitchell and worcestershire opener brett d'oliveira hit centuries as they beat derbyshire by 10 runs .
three people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a house in cookstown , county tyrone .
a woman in her 60s has said she was ` ` shocked '' by a man who was shot in the leg in north belfast .
the british embassy in iran is set to reopen next month , the foreign office has announced , amid growing tension with iran .
the remote pacific island of palau , the remote north - eastern indian state of the pacific , is home to the united states .
the us city of indiana has named two days of ` ` good friday '' and good friday .
northern ireland 's agriculture minister has attended a dinner in dublin to discuss the quality of northern ireland pork .
downton abbey actress lesley johnston is to join the cast of lady grantham in the new series .
germany 's central bank is proposing to push the country 's state pension system up to 70 .
jared payne and jared payne have been named in ireland 's squad for the six nations game against france in dublin .
former norwich city manager craig money has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club .
northern ireland 's environment minister has lost his executive power in a legal battle over a plan to limit the prospect of a john lewis store in belfast .
north wales police has been criticised by the police watchdog for its ` ` outstanding '' work .
four men have been jailed for conspiring to smuggle guns and ammunition into the uk from france .
gourmet burgers , the uk 's first high - profile burger chain , has been bought by a us firm .
sony has said it will no longer sell its core e - t3 to kobo in the us .
northern ireland 's top judge has rejected a request from the uk government to provide funding for the controversial legacy inquests .
india 's kudankalum nuclear power station has become operational in the first time in more than a decade .
this year 's formula 1 season gets under way in the australian capital , melbourne , on wednesday .
the inquiry into the murder of a man who was murdered by the ira is to be held in northern ireland .
championship side preston north end have signed aston villa left - back joe robinson on a two - year contract .
children from poorer backgrounds are more likely to be involved in violent crime , according to a new study .
sky has become the first uk mobile phone company to offer free mobile data from mobile phone users to the company .
tributes have been paid to john hinds , one of northern ireland 's leading doctors , who has died at the age of 82 .
plans to change council tax rates in england and wales have been approved by a committee .   's committee .
a packaging firm has said it is ` ` daunting '' to introduce a 5p charge for plastic bags .
councillors in aberdeen have voted to reject a plan to transform the city 's city garden into a ` ` debacle '' .
a former news of the world editor has been arrested in connection with the phone - hacking scandal .
a rare copy of magna carta has been unveiled at lincoln castle to mark its 800th anniversary .
juan martin del potro will play in the aegon championships at queen 's club in june .
nigeria 's government says it has broken down a radio station in the north - eastern state of biafra .
an emergency call has been made after a rollercoaster crash on the smiler rollercoaster at alton towers .
the queen 's native scottish accent is ` ` pretty impressive '' , her cousin has said .
scott connolly 's first - half goal earned crawley a 1 - 0 win over blackpool in league two .
a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain has been issued by the met office .
british swimming 's performance director adam scott has resigned after an independent review found he was forced to step down .
great britain 's bid to host the world para taekwondo championships in london and manchester has been unveiled .
concerns have been raised about the impact of low pay and conditions in scotland , a charity has said .
it 's been a year since david walliams 's got talent - and it 's the best children 's author .
the organisers of the great british heart race have said they will no longer be allowed to take part in the event .
british airways cabin crew have rejected a new pay offer from the unite union -lrb- acas -rrb- .
the mother of a boy who developed a rare form of cancer has won # 120,000 in compensation from the government .
the world 's first female swimmer to race in the 50 m butterfly at the 2016 olympic games in tokyo has been given a boost .
brentford defender tom tom tom has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club until 2020 .
award - winning children 's laureate liz blackman is to be dramatised by the bbc .
an album of signatures from members of the royal navy 's dambusters squadron has been sold at auction .
french actress michele morgan , best known for playing a blind woman in the 1950s , has died aged 91 .
the scottish police and crime commissioner -lrb- spa -rrb- has confirmed it is closing its control centre in inverness .
microsoft is to release a version of its video game minecraftedu , the company has announced .
the uk 's top rate of income tax is to be cut by 5 % , the government has said .
in the final days of the us presidential election campaign , here 's a look at some of the challenges facing the party .
british number one johanna konta is set to play at the aegon championships in nottingham in june .
india 's prime minister narendra modi 's visit to silicon valley has been described as a ` ` landmark '' .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says striker anthony martial is a ` ` top player '' .
restrictions on travelling fans at chester 's chester derby against chester have been lifted after the match was abandoned .
stoke city captain ryan shawcross has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a groin injury .
the mother of murdered toddler liam fee has apologised to two former friends who have paid tribute to them .
england women maintained their 100 % start to the women 's six nations with a convincing win over ireland in dublin .
a convicted murderer who was jailed for more than 30 years could be moved to a prison , the bbc understands .
in the early 20th century , a group of american settlers landed on a remote island in the bahamas .
fife - based financial services firm have announced plans to expand its operations in the uk and china .
the 2015 bbc sports personality of the year is to be revealed on tuesday , with eight contenders to be crowned .
portsmouth chief executive michael brown says he does not think the club 's future is a chance for the club .
four men have been rescued from a boat off the coast of pembrokeshire after being caught by a shark .
the un refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- has accused cameroon of ` ` forced backers '' to return to their homes .
lawyers at south africa 's high court have been advised to stay away from the court in johannesburg .
at least 30 people have been killed in clashes between police and security forces in zimbabwe 's capital , harare .
a metropolitan police detective has been cleared of making a false story about an officer 's toy toy .
it 's one of the greatest sporting events in formula 1 history - and it 's not only the same thing .
iran 's foreign policy has been on the verge of a deal with the us to end the conflict in syria .
australia 's economy grew at its weakest pace in more than four years , official figures show .
a company that carries out exploratory fracking has been granted a permit by natural resources wales .
fifteen people have been treated for smoke inhalation after a fire at a block of flats in glasgow .
south african athlete oscar pistorius is set to be released early on house arrest , his lawyer says .
the family of marie colvin , the us journalist killed by syrian government forces in 2012 , have filed a lawsuit against her family .
a rare tropical sea turtle has been found in a tank at a north wales zoo , it has been confirmed .
china 's environment minister has called for a ` ` radical change '' in the country 's environmental protection plan .
the big four accountancy firms have rejected claims that tax havens are ` ` completely unacceptable '' .
worcestershire have signed south africa fast bowler kyle abbott for this summer 's t20 blast blast competition .
an mp is to ask the audit office to investigate claims that the government 's private finance initiative was too expensive .
the world health organization -lrb- wao -rrb- has called for a new system for prescribing in wales .
the rspca 's ` ` public interest '' role in dealing with animal cruelty is ` ` blurred '' , an mp has said .
great britain 's athletes have missed out on a medal at the rio 2016 olympics , despite their performance in archery .
south sudan have qualified for the 2018 african nations championship -lrb- chan -rrb- finals after a 2 - 0 defeat by seychelles .
at least four people have been killed in the australian state of new south - eastern sydney in the wake of cyclone debbie .
wales fly - half matthew morgan has joined cardiff blues on a two - year contract , keeping him at the club until the end of the season .
the remains of a teenage girl from siberia who lived in the americas have been identified as the first american to be discovered .
tanzania 's deputy first minister has said he is ` ` fulfils his duty '' in tackling ` ` mob lynchings '' .
the chief executive of bp 's parent company , bob dudley , has told the bbc that he is in action to rewrite its financial arrangements .
alex hales set a new record for the fastest t20 blast century as nottinghamshire beat durham by seven wickets .
the price of gas from russia and germany is expected to rise for the first time in more than a decade .
video replays will be used to review decisions in football matches in the next two years , it has been announced .
england 's one - day series against sri lanka was abandoned after being abandoned because of bad weather .
police in california say they are investigating the ` ` insertion of power and control '' of a woman who was abducted by her husband .
in the early hours of the morning , the us government 's new national wildlife refuge was under siege .
the prince of wales is to hold a memorial service later to mark the 20th anniversary of her death .
british number two aljaz bedene beat world number two matej coric in straight sets to reach the quarter - finals of the marseille open .
hong kong 's government has unveiled a plan to cut immigration and customs controls at a new terminal in hong kong .
ivory coast beat qatar 2 - 0 in their opening match of the 2017 africa cup of nations in doha .
senegal 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the africa cup of nations were ended by a goalless draw against ecuador .
wales ' deputy first minister alun cairns has said he was ` ` delighted '' by the response to the brexit vote .
the head of the royal academy at sandhurst has said she is ` ` pinching himself '' by becoming a female officer .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower after the latest figures showed the us economy grew more than expected .
leeds rhinos are facing a # 1 m investment in their training ground , the club have announced .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned the country 's decision to ban paralympians from rio 2016 .
the london underground -lrb- tfl -rrb- system is set to reopen on thursday after a technical problem .
world number one novak djokovic beat japan 's kei nishi in straight sets to reach the second round of the atp world tour finals .
league one side bury have re - signed bury striker jordan houghton on loan until the end of the season .
rangers manager pedro caixinha praised his side 's defensive style after they were held to a goalless draw by hearts .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in north lanarkshire .
robbie simpson scored a hat - trick as exeter city eased their relegation fears with victory over crewe alexandra .
bookmaker ladbrokes has said it is ` ` delighted '' that tennis star andy murray will be placed in a bet on a # 1.6 m bet on his future .
the family of a woman murdered by her ex - girlfriend have lost an appeal against her refusal to sue two police forces .
the vatican has begun its first pre - conclave in the capital , rome , to elect the new pope .
the nhs in england could be given a drug to treat a form of joint replacement , a study suggests .
a 15-year - old boy has been stabbed to death in a street in bristol . ''
the government 's spending plans for transport in the north east have been described as ` ` an additional need '' .
sweden 's zlatan ibrahimovic says he will not wait for a world cup finals after his side lost 2 - 1 to sweden .
mclaren 's jenson button continued his 100 % start to the season with victory in the spanish grand prix .
derby airport has become the uk 's first airport to open its doors for more than 50 years .
when the beatles performed at the cavern club in liverpool on saturday , the band 's first gig in more than 200 years was the venue 's first .
the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall are to embark on a three - day tour of australia .
it 's a sense of confusion about the greek government 's plans to reform the eurozone .
sussex batsman glenn goodwin has signed a new two - year contract with the county championship division two club .
former news of the world editor richard gascoigne and ex - labour deputy prime minister paul gascoigne have won almost # 50,000 in damages .
wales ' men 's hockey team won bronze in the semi - finals of the eurohockey championships .
swansea city have apologised to the club 's supporters for selling tickets for their supporters ' tickets .
the author of a classic novel to kill a mockingbird has been described as ` ` smart alec '' .
the trial of two men accused of trying to murder a postman in glasgow has heard that dna linked to him .
us regulators have ordered the regulation of digital coin investments to be registered in the same way as trading platform .
guy martin and john mcguinness have been named as the team - mate at the isle of man tt .
nhs bosses in england are being offered extra help to reduce the number of patients needing hospital appointments , doctors say .
the body which represents wales ' largest community health watchdogs has launched a campaign to increase public awareness .
a council by - election is set to be held in the scottish borders to decide on thursday .
early treatment of hiv has been delayed for the first time , according to the international institute of health -lrb- nih -rrb- .
a fire has broken out at a railway station in doncaster , causing part of the building to be demolished .
` ` i do n't think i would be able to throw , '' says her father .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a bomb attack on a police officer in county tyrone .
campaigners are calling for a clinic to be set up to help survivors of female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- .
dixons carphone has reported a rise in profits after the uk voted to leave the european union .
scientists have reconstructed what they say was the largest moon in the history of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed lower on friday , despite a strong start to the week .
bbc sport football expert mark lawrenson is predicting the outcome of this year 's fifa world cup .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has urged his players to show greater mentality in the champions league .
a woman who took over $ 3,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3,750 -rrb- from a ` ` lovebombed '' man has said it was ` ` horrendous '' .
a plan to improve the lives of children in early years is to be unveiled by the welsh government .
an insurance company has apologised for selling promotional posters in the aftermath of the london fire .
a man who admitted making a hoax bomb threat to a hospital has been jailed for more than two years .
more than 70,000 athletes have signed a petition urging the scottish government to cut funding for jogscotland .
the russian government has said it is ` ` stabilised '' that russia 's economic sanctions against state firms could be imposed .
a ukip mep is to stand in the race to become the next leader of the party .
the government is to set up a new # 100,000 compensation fund for victims of asbestos - related illnesses .
wales coach robin mcbryde says the british and irish lions will be selected for saturday 's decider against the principality stadium .
a young american actor has said he is quitting tv show two and a half men because of ` ` filth '' .
donegal 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the all - ireland sfc will be boosted by injury .
mexico 's electoral commission -lrb- pri -rrb- has said it expects the country 's main opposition party to win elections .
a 16-year - old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in east london .
the number of people with higher education in the us has fallen by 60 % in the past two years , according to a survey .
a man has been charged with possessing an axe and an axe in an attack on soldiers in worcestershire .
a norwegian man who has been jailed for the 2012 murders of 77 people in norway has complained about his lack of food .
carphone has said it is investigating a cyber - attack that could have been caused by a cyber - attack .
two men have gone on trial accused of murdering a woman whose body was found at an allotment .
the design of a new # 5 coin for the first time has been unveiled by the royal mint .
a computer that once belonged to the german teleprinter has been found in a shed in essex .
four london councils have agreed to spend # 250,000 on legal action against the third runway at heathrow airport .
charlton athletic striker ghoochannejhad is among four players released by the league one club .
a man has been jailed for his part in the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in essex .
a plaque has been unveiled in the memory of a teacher who was stabbed to death in her classroom .
zlatan ibrahimovic could become manchester united 's most expensive player , according to an academic .
french police have arrested four people suspected of recruiting jihadists in syria , the interior minister has said .
the labour party is to introduce a new policy on grandparents to help with children who work for free .
andy halkett 's first - half goal gave rangers victory over livingston at ibrox .
manchester city moved to within a point of the premier league title race with a deserved draw at burnley .
a belgian man has been charged in connection with last month 's attacks in paris , prosecutors say .
chelsea manager mark hughes says striker victor moses is ` ` playing a part '' at stamford bridge .
the head of the us , joe schmidt , has warned against the dangers of flying drones into the country .
a man has been taken to hospital after a two - vehicle crash in aberdeen city centre .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on monday , helped by gains in banking shares .
nicky racked up a comfortable victory in the queen elizabeth stakes at glorious goodwood to give trainer aidan o'connell a narrow victory .
ireland 's intercontinental cup game against the netherlands was abandoned because of a rain - affected game .
police have appealed for witnesses to a robbery at a pharmacy in north lanarkshire which left one man dead .
jamie murray and brazilian bruno soares have reached the atp world rankings for the first time in four years .
world number one johanna kontaveit won her first atp title at the qatar open as she lost 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 to world number two mischa vondrousova .
a man has died after being hit by a car in a hit - and - run in nottingham .
labour has accused the party of ` ` desperate '' campaigners of trying to stop the election campaign .
israel 's prime minister has pledged to introduce tougher penalties for those who have been involved in violent protests .
bastia have apologised for their treatment of nice striker mario balotelli during their 2 - 0 win over roma .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index fell on friday as worries about the impact of the terror attacks .
a woman who admitted killing a pensioner with a bread knife has been jailed for a minimum of 20 years .
thousands of people have been evacuated from the ukrainian city of voronezh after a russian aid convoy was reportedly hit by shelling .
a four - month - old boy died after being attacked by a dog , an inquest has heard .
a man who posted ` ` vile and aggressive '' photographs of two women has been jailed for 12 months .
china 's internet giant alibababa is set to become the world 's largest internet company .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of antibiotic resistance .
pope francis has opened the palestinian embassy in jerusalem to the vatican , saying it will not help peace talks .
lancashire 's police and crime commissioner has warned that ` ` savage '' cuts could lead to local policing .
jon walters and jon walters have been ruled out of the republic of ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against austria on tuesday .
french clubs could move to the top 14 to the premiership next season , according to the french rugby federation .
a 27-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in midlothian .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has suspended the suspension of its anti - doping laboratory in south africa .
one of northern ireland 's largest glass firms has said it will close its factory in county antrim .
hundreds of swimmers have taken part in an annual swimming event in tenby , the isle of man .
when arthur was born in his home in 1997 , he had no idea that he would be able to walk .
police are investigating claims that former labour mp lord janner sexually abused him in scotland , the bbc understands .
us safety officials have proposed new rules on ` ` disrupting '' the car 's vehicles .
police in india 's northern state of madhya pradesh say they have arrested five suspects in connection with a gang rape in the state .
thousands of shia muslims have been killed in clashes between police and security forces in the iraqi capital baghdad .
mae aelodau cymru wedi dweud bod yn parhau i ' r scarlets yng nghymru .
microsoft and microsoft have announced plans to build a subsea cable across the atlantic ocean to boost access .
sydney sixers reached the final of the sydney sixers cup for the first time since 1993 after beating sydney sixers by seven runs .
china 's nikkei index closed at a record high for the first time in more than a decade as exports fell .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a bus in denbighshire .
dappy have been nominated for four awards at this year 's mobos awards , the band have announced .
harrison ford has said he was ` ` very happy '' to reprise his role as indiana jones .
newcastle manager rafael benitez says his side must ` ` fight back '' to avoid relegation from the premier league .
the islamic state -lrb- isi -rrb- says it has ` ` no confidence '' in the raid on the compound of osama bin laden .
blackpool supporters ' group back henry street are suing the club over alleged defamatory comments made on the site .
the government 's response to the syrian refugee crisis is ` ` gathering momentum '' , defence secretary patrick harrington has said .
paul stirling and eoin morgan both hit centuries as division two leaders middlesex dominated middlesex at lord 's .
a man who threw a milk bottle at a tesco store has been fined # 1,000 .
the us has said it will release dozens of us prisoners held by the us in afghanistan to release them .
southend moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over oldham athletic .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body was found at a house in greater manchester .
national league side scunthorpe united have signed scunthorpe united goalkeeper joe davis on a two - year contract .
two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a trailer from a factory in torfaen .
three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in newtownabbey , county antrim .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire .
nice have completed the signing of former france international defender johan sneijder from galatasaray .
mps in madagascar have voted in favour of former president mahinda rajaonarimampianina , who has been ousted from office .
a man has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a motorbike in nottingham .
more than 100 people have been arrested in connection with an anti - immigration protest in brighton .
the uk 's brexit laws are likely to leave ` ` very little space '' for brexit , according to the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifg -rrb- .
tottenham maintained their 100 % record at the top of the premier league with victory over swansea at white hart lane .
england 's world cup semi - final against new zealand will be shown live on bbc one .
london underground -lrb- tssa -rrb- and the rmt union have been negotiating new contracts .
russia and turkey have agreed to set up safe zones in areas of syria , the kremlin says .
playboy magazine has announced that it is shutting down its production of playboy magazine , saying it is ` ` the end of an era '' .
us president donald trump has said he will sue the scottish government for a planned offshore wind farm in aberdeen .
a new multi - million pound bridge in edinburgh is to be opened to the public later this month .
the nspcc -lrb- nspcc -rrb- is asking people who have been sexually assaulted by jimmy savile .
europe 's cassini probe has successfully completed its final phase in the space of 12 weeks , sending it into orbit .
it 's the world 's first match of the year , with some of the players taking part in the sport .
a man who was caught with an estimated street value of more than # 250,000 has been found guilty of drugs offences .
researchers say they have discovered the earliest known ` ` geoglyph '' in the history of modern society .
swansea city have won the premier league title for the first time since their promotion to the championship in january .
england have named four uncapped players in the 33-man squad for this year 's six nations .
six men accused of being involved in a multi - million pound fraud case have had their case dismissed .
hibernian head coach neil lennon praised his side 's ` ` outstanding '' start to the season .
derby county have signed former hull city and hull city striker ben davies on a free transfer . . .
england are in ` ` confident spirits '' ahead of the world cup quarter - final against italy , according to a new study .
a new model of a dinosaur that has been extinct for more than a decade has been submitted to a museum .
the head of the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- thomas bach is being questioned by police in rio .
a planning application for a wind farm in the highlands has been approved by the scottish government 's planning committee .
us video game giant liongate has expanded its video streaming platform to include films , films and films .
league one side blackpool have signed brighton striker jack allrop on loan until the end of the season .
a london - based food chain has gone into administration with the loss of 70 jobs in the city .
education secretary nicky morgan has announced plans to scrap funding for schools in england , as part of a shake - up of funding .
home secretary theresa may has been accused of ` ` letting people at risk '' after the london terror attacks .
an appeal by the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- to reinstate a russian long jump ban has been overturned .
south korea 's gareth an won the us pga championship for the first time in 13 years with victory in the final round .
a man has admitted killing his wife by hitting her on the head with a claw hammer in glasgow .
a ` ` bereavement '' garden in north wales has been destroyed by a tidal wave .
modern humans have interbred with neanderthals , according to a new analysis of dna .
plans to redevelop a school in denbighshire will be submitted to the council .
it 's been a year since israel 's elections began in march 2015 , and it 's time to go to the polls .
a corn snake has been found in a van in newport after it was dropped by a police van .
fulham have signed fulham defender igor petos on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a man who was seen being ` ` sleepwalking '' outside a hotel in manchester has been named by police .
greek prime minister john papademos has been killed in a car crash in the capital , athens .
britain 's victoria williamson says she has ` ` no memory '' after being seriously injured in a crash in rotterdam .
paris st - germain have signed real madrid forward abdelhamid jese on a two - year deal .
greek prosecutors have cleared former hsbc finance minister john papaconstantinou of breaching trust .
nicky ajose 's stoppage - time penalty earned gillingham a point against charlton at the valley .
the first trial of a treatment by children with multiple food allergies in the uk has shown that some children can eat the same amount .
campaigners are calling for a change in the welsh assembly 's rules to allow people living outside the country .
james corden is to return to london for three episodes of his late late show , it has been announced .
a review is to be carried out into bus restrictions imposed by the competition watchdog in the new year .
the appointment of joe root as england 's new captain is a huge blow for the national team .
michael horan has been elected as the new president of the gaa -lrb- gaa -rrb- .
the boss of carmaker nissan has said he is ` ` reasonably optimistic '' that the uk 's decision to pull out of the olympics is the right decision .
the government is in breach of eu laws on air quality , a high court judge has told the high court .
a police community support officer -lrb- pcso -rrb- has been jailed for five years for stealing thousands of pounds from passengers at london 's heathrow airport .
thousands of people in guinea are celebrating the country 's first national day of campaigning against the ebola virus .
tinie 's studio in the studio of his home town of london 's o'clock is a hotbed of music .
more than 300 london underground staff have been recruited by transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
at least 13 people have been killed in floods in japan , the country 's government has said .
tiger woods has withdrawn from next month 's honda classic in florida because of a back injury concerns .
sam crofts has signed a new contract with brighton , keeping him at the club until the summer of 2018 .
the parents of a five - year - old girl who suffered a rare form of muscular dystrophy have said they are ` ` bitter '' at a hospital .
it 's been a year since the world football organization -lrb- pfa -rrb- announced it would suspend israel from world football .
a man has been jailed for life for sexually abusing a young girl in pembrokeshire more than 20 years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died following an altercation in birmingham .
the toy company behind action man has released its own version of action man , after 50 years in the uk .
french midfielder mousada sliti has signed a new four - year contract with french side lille .
plans to reopen a roundabout on the a55 in chester have been delayed for a second time .
northern ireland deputy first minister martin mcguinness has been suspended from the stormont executive office .
brexit secretary david davis has called for greater transparency on the implications of the brexit process .
police have appealed for information after a car mounted a pavement and hit a building in glasgow city centre .
in a lecture at the university of singapore -lrb- smu -rrb- , the first of its graduate graduate students in the country .
a collection of doctor who props has gone on sale at auction for more than 50 years , it has been announced .
england 's scott donaldson missed out on a place in the final round of the bmw pga championship .
qpr moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over qpr .
the chair of the uk 's high court has said she is ` ` concerned '' about the government 's decision to delay triggering article 50 .
it 's been a year since newsround started talking about the impact of homelessness in the uk .
russia 's justice ministry has designated a non - governmental organisation -lrb- levada -rrb- as foreign agent .
a scottish air accident investigation has found flaws in the main rotor system of a helicopter that crashed last month .
the scottish cup was the only thing that time it was when it was going to be the final .
the davis cup semi - final between great britain and australia has been a huge achievement for the team .
bangladesh 's central bank has been accused of stealing $ 81 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 80 m -rrb- from its central bank .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
the united states football association has announced plans to introduce new rules on head injuries in england and wales .
a 29-year - old man has been jailed for assaulting two men in county londonderry .
philippine president barack obama and philippine president rodrigo duterte have held a brief meeting with the us .
two people have been killed in a suspected hit - and - run crash in paris , police say .
a major multi - million pound project to upgrade a port in south lanarkshire has begun .
if you 're going to be a wwe superstar , you ' ve got a bit of it 's ok to know what you 're doing .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound fell against the dollar and other currencies in the second session of the eu referendum .
warrington wolves head coach shaun wane says his side 's world club challenge success is a ` ` great feeling '' .
a british man has been charged with causing the death of a six - year - old girl in thailand .
two men have been taken to hospital with life - threatening injuries after being attacked by two men in east lothian .
the names of soldiers who were training on salisbury plain have been unearthed by an archaeological dig in wiltshire .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with killing a policeman in a hit - and - run crash in mumbai .
an investigation has been launched after a fire at a 16th century tudor mansion in greater manchester was started .
a music festival has been cancelled due to ` ` severe weather conditions '' , organisers have said .
leinster moved level on points with pro12 leaders cardiff blues with a hard - fought victory over cardiff blues .
a man who admitted wounding patients with mental health problems has had his jail sentence increased by more than 20 years .
the number of people living on an island on the island of kyushu in japan has increased by 50 % .
a team of scientists say they have discovered the earliest stages of the life of the fossilised dinosaur eggs .
` ` if you 're looking for the poor , '' says malaysian activist khong , who started her country 's first food food restaurant .
lecturers in glasgow are to be balloted for a second day of strike action in a row over pay .
a city regulator has apologised for failing to buy a rail ticket to a london - bound company .
two climbers have been rescued from the cairngorms after they were rescued by the coastguard .
us president barack obama has called for an investigation into the bombing of a hospital in afghanistan that killed at least 14 people .
the sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in a car park has said she is ` ` delighted '' to find her .
the mother of murdered county tyrone schoolgirl arlene arkinson has said police did not investigate her disappearance .
danish paceman viljoen 's unbeaten start to the season continued with a five - wicket win over leicestershire .
two people have been rescued from a rollercoaster crash at alton towers in which two people were injured .
google has reported a rise in advertising revenue in the first quarter of the year , helped by higher advertising revenue .
the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said it will not prosecute people who abuse online .
a british man has been diagnosed with post - traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- .
a new musical about the lives of young nigerian students has opened in london 's capital , london .
nottingham forest have signed wolves midfielder adlene guedioura on loan until the end of the season .
electronic music prodigy joni mitchell has been named the bbc 's sound of 2016 sound of 2017 .
the scottish government 's named person scheme is ` ` unquestionably viable '' , the first minister has said .
it has been described as ` ` outrageous '' that the image of the grand national at aintree as ` ` disgusting '' .
england 's jos buttler set a new record for the fastest hundred in the one - day international against pakistan .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
liberum , the owner of betfair , has reported a loss for the first time in three years .
the nobel prize for peace has been announced at the international human rights council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
sir dodd has been named the most - selling artist of the year , with the beatles ' record in the top 10 .
leeds rhinos prop glenn galloway has been ruled out of the rest of the season with an ankle injury .
a woman who embezzled more than # 5,000 from a glasgow boys club has been told to repay # 5,000 .
the future of councils in wales is ` ` not an option '' , the first minister has said .
police are searching for a missing 19-year - old man who has been missing from his home in north ayrshire .
a new curriculum for scotland 's secondary schools is to be introduced in september , it has been confirmed .
a victorian toilet that once dubbed ` ` night soil '' has been restored to its former glory .
the leader of the gmb union -lrb- gmb -rrb- , david roache , has been elected as the new general secretary .
surrey captain gareth batty has signed a new two - year contract with the county championship division two club .
train services between north and mid wales have been disrupted due to flooding and travel restrictions , network rail has said .
the mayor of london has written an open letter to the prime minister calling for a second runway at gatwick airport .
portsmouth were held to a draw by promotion - chasing carlisle at fratton park in league two .
nine people have been arrested after a crowd erupted in a town in the spanish town of platja .
hungary 's prime minister has said the country will not allow migrants to leave the country without entry .
dover boosted their play - off hopes with a 3 - 1 win over chester at the crabble athletic ground .
four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat capsized in the sea off brixham .
taliban militants have attacked an army base in southern afghanistan , killing more than 100 soldiers , the military says .
david cameron 's eu policy on immigration is ` ` not an economic case '' , a labour mp has said .
more than 20,000 men have attended a conference in doncaster to highlight the issue of domestic abuse .
david cameron has said he is ` ` ready '' to persuade ministers to vote in the eu referendum .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has been accused of reshuffleing the country 's trade unions .
if you 're worried about cold calls , it 's easy to see if you want to know what they are calling .
the scottish air accident investigation branch -lrb- aaib -rrb- has lost a legal bid to obtain the cockpit voice recorder of the super puma crash .
alviro petersen 's maiden first - class century of the season continued to dominate lancashire at lord 's .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff and landed on a dorset beach .
a group of fishermen have been rescued after their boat broke down in ballymena , county antrim .
google 's deepmind artificial intelligence system has become the first computer to learn how to play computer games .
pupils at a school in china are learning the chinese language as part of efforts by prime minister david cameron .
french centre - right presidential candidate francois fillon is to address his supporters in a speech on monday .
mps are preparing to vote in the general election on 8 june , with the first time they will decide on the final day of the legislative process .
matt tubbs scored twice as sutton united came from behind to beat cheltenham in the fifth round of the fa cup .
voters are going to the polls on thursday to decide who will run the local council by - election .
twenty - eight people have been arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving in north wales , police have said .
england 's six nations grand slam - winning performance against italy in dublin on saturday is a remarkable achievement .
papers say india 's military has tightened its grip on the de facto border between the two countries .
police are investigating a possible sighting of a man suspected of being involved in an attempted abduction in norfolk .
wales lock luke charteris is set to leave bath at the end of the season , bbc wales understands .
australia captain michael clarke hit a century on his final day of the first test against england in adelaide .
police in china say they have arrested a man suspected of being involved in an attack on a market in xinjiang .
birmingham city 's appeal against the red card shown to striker che adams has been rejected by the football association .
a man who stabbed his partner to death in a row over alcohol has been jailed for 13 years .
american golfer jason bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a heart attack in florida on saturday .
the bbc 's director of public broadcaster has said it would be a ` ` huge risk '' to take downgrading licence fee evasion .
as part of the bbc 's christmas celebrations , the bbc news app is looking at ways to celebrate the city 's history .
the appointment of the new northern ireland executive press secretary has been described as ` ` shameful '' .
police in berlin say they are ` ` well prepared '' for a major football match in berlin .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
british actor sir christopher lee has released a new album , which aims to ` ` change the world '' .
japanese technology giant softbank is set to buy uk technology firm arm for $ 20bn -lrb- # 18bn -rrb- .
russian police have raided the headquarters of the aum shinrikyo cult in st petersburg as part of an investigation into the deadly attacks .
the head of the metropolitan police is to review its handling of allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations .
glamorgan 's luke donald and dai lloyd have set a new record for the fastest run - scoring runs in history .
a russian airliner that crashed in egypt last month was a ` ` terrorist attack '' , investigators say .
veteran conservative mp sir eric barrow has announced he will step down as an mp in june 's general election .
jonjo shelvey scored twice as newcastle beat west ham to move level on points with the premier league .
a mother and daughter were threatened by three masked men in a burglary at their home in manchester .
german felix ludwig is one of the world 's best - known animals , who has been born .
in the wake of the inquest into the deaths of two british holidaymakers , thomas cook 's report into the firm 's handling of the toxic goods company 's emissions scandal has found that the firm is failing to meet the expectations .
new guidelines on cosmetic procedures in the uk have been published by the general medical council -lrb- gmc -rrb- .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has said it will not release details of a new deal to buy africa 's football .
a school in north - east england is to close its a - level sixth form scheme .
two rugby players who have played rugby for the first time in more than 30 years have been named by the rugby football association .
` ` it 's impossible to find the world 's oldest oil well , '' says guanator , a leading scientist .
thousands of people have been protesting in the north - eastern indian state of darjeeling in a long - running dispute .
lewis hamilton said he is ` ` hopeful '' he will be able to pick up the pace in sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
ugandan president yoweri besigye has been re - elected to win a third term in office .
more than 20,000 people have been evacuated from rebel - held districts in northern syria , the un says .
forest green rovers continued their 100 % start to the national league season with a 5 - 0 win at torquay .
chelsea 's n'golo kante has won the premier league title for the first time .
the conservatives have increased their number of seats on northamptonshire county council , despite the conservatives winning the election .
ufc champion conor mcgregor says he is ready to fight in the ` ` deepest of trench '' when he plays floyd mayweather in las vegas on saturday .
us actress rosie o'donnell has returned to new york city after suffering a suspected heart attack .
wigan moved level on points with super league leaders castleford with a hard - fought victory over castleford tigers .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the bbc 's europe correspondent jonathan bell reflects on the implications of brexit .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` not sure '' he will get along with russian president vladimir putin .
the remote island of guam has been named as a ` ` terrorist threat '' by north korea .
jack southwell 's second - half goal earned wycombe a 1 - 0 win at stevenage .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has successfully completed its first mission to mars .
glasgow school of art -lrb- gsa -rrb- has donated # 500,000 to help restore glasgow 's prestigious mackintosh building .
a hospital is asking nurses to work extra hours to help plug a shortage of hospital nurses and staff .
a man who hid his body in a cupboard and hid it like a ` ` piece of rubbish '' has been jailed .
southampton defender ross stephens says he is confident his side can bounce back from their poor start to the season .
investigators in the netherlands say they have found parts of the mh17 plane that crashed last year .
five men have been arrested in connection with a counter - terrorism operation in the west midlands .
league two side grimsby town have signed mansfield town striker ben davies on a two - year deal . .
dame sarah richardson is to play the role of lucia in a two - part bbc one drama .
former scotland captain barry ferguson believes scott brown was ` ` amazing '' to lead rangers into the scottish cup final .
partick thistle have made a bid for manager alan archibald to take over as manager of the month .
lewis hamilton 's record - equalling achievements in formula 1 have been revealed by bbc sport .
the world 's oldest ice hockey balls have been formed in the arctic ocean , in siberia , canada .
hundreds of people have turned up at a memorial service for a world war two veteran who died on monday .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of historical child sexual offences in rotherham , police have said , as part of an investigation .
the family of comedian robin williams are to seek help from a judge in a dispute over his estate .
the rouble 's value of the rouble has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade .
moeen ali 's unbeaten century helped england to a five - wicket win over west indies in the second test at headingley .
tottenham 's fa cup semi - final against chelsea at wembley will be shown live on bbc one .
shauna coxsey has become the first briton to win gold in the bouldering world championships .
china 's internet court has opened its first trial in the country 's internet region , in the first trial of its kind .
police have appealed for information after a man was threatened with a knife during an armed robbery in glasgow .
the man who once dubbed ` ` the first guy '' has been described as the ` ` first lady '' .
scottish sprinter laura muir says she is ` ` gutted '' she will miss this year 's commonwealth games .
a letter written by a polish woman calling her husband ` ` hate mail '' and ` ` no more polish vermin '' has been sent to the uk .
st johnstone were held to a draw by fk trakai in the fifth round of the scottish premiership .
a new ceasefire has come into effect in syria , with thousands of people fleeing the conflict in syria .
tomas francis says he is relieved to remain in wales ' squad for friday 's six nations match against scotland .
jessica ennis - hill says she is ` ` humbled '' to take part in a series of sporting events in windsor .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the miami open with a straight - set victory over croatia 's misaki doi .
a memorial service is being held in cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
us punk band revolution radio have topped the album chart for the first time in a week , with their new album .
the extent of the winter 's winter is likely to be a record year , according to researchers .
the family of a british holidaymaker who was swept away by a wave in bulgaria say they are trying to find him .
national league side ebbsfleet united have signed forward gary mills from whitehawk for an undisclosed fee .
more than 1,000 student teacher places are to be made available next year , the scottish government has announced .
a teacher who admitted taking and downloading indecent images of young boys has been struck off .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the world cup quarter - finals suffered a blow as paul o'connell 's late try helped them overcome france in dublin .
notts county all - rounder chris gurney has signed a new contract with the league two club .
more than 250,000 years of work life lost to alcohol in england , a report by public health england says .
tottenham ' sros townsend has been given a three - month ban by the football association for betting on matches .
us department store macy 's and department store chain brooks have reported a fall in sales in the first quarter of the year .
the british and irish lions full - back jonathan hogg has been left out of the tour of new zealand after being dropped by the all blacks .
a man who conned a woman into having sex with her sister has been jailed for four years .
the argentine government has launched a legal action against six british companies that claim to have been involved in offshore oil exploration .
ulster maintained their 100 % start to the season with victory over connacht in the ulster sfc final .
liam livingstone 's unbeaten century helped lancashire fight back against nottinghamshire on day two of the county championship .
thousands of people have taken part in a march in mexico against the government 's plan to legalise same - sex marriage .
swansea city winger scott sinclair has signed a new four - year contract with the premier league club . .
rugby borough council has held a meeting with the council to discuss plans for a new stadium in coventry .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 semi - finals were shattered by a lack of preparation .
the first national exhibition of the north east 's ` ` northern punch '' has been announced .
a council 's plans to increase council tax by 5 % have been rejected by the city 's mayor .
a court in niger has begun legal action against the french government over allegations that it bought uranium from french companies .
bundesliga champions bayern munich moved level on points with bundesliga leaders bayern munich with a comfortable win over mainz .
seven - time champion roger federer beat richard gasquet in straight sets to win the french open in lille .
great britain 's geraint contador will contest the criterium du dauphine next month .
` ` it 's the day of the eu referendum , '' said michael caine , the director of public relations .
wildlife officials in india have fined the late indian cricketer ravindra jadeja for taking selfies with lions .
bolivian president evo morales has ordered the military to expropriate the country 's power - generating company .
thousands of people have signed a petition calling for scotrail to be stripped of its train contract .
a lumiere festival is to be held in durham for the first time , organisers have announced .
a man has been charged with the murder of seven people in the us city of arizona , police say .
league one side walsall have signed carlisle united left - back jordan roberts on a two - year contract .
us president - elect donald trump has signed an executive order banning religious groups from using their tax - exempt status .
a former soldier at the centre of an inquiry into historical abuse in iraq has said he was ` ` humiliated '' by the government .
the father of a british woman who was taken to saudi arabia by her father has been ordered to allow her return to britain .
a charity has called for urgent action to prevent people falling into destitution from food banks .
great britain 's caroline lucas won gold at the world para - athletics championships in canada .
a man has been ordered to pay back more than # 600 and # 600,000 after fleeing to germany .
ross county reached the scottish cup quarter - finals for the first time since returning from a goal down to beat queen of the south .
italy 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 semi - finals were dented by italy 's victory over belgium .
manchester united midfielder ryan mcnair has signed a new one - year contract with the club that will keep him at the milk cup .
the liberal democrats have lost their seats in scotland 's general election in the first round of campaigning .
one of the uk 's largest residential care homes is set to be wound up as part of a restructuring plan .
ukip 's new leader nathan gill has said he will not be standing up in the party 's assembly election .
macclesfield 's national league play - off hopes continued with a 3 - 0 win at wrexham .
for the first time , angela merkel 's long - term campaign is under way in berlin .
the number of patients being discharged from hospital in wales has increased by 8 % in a year , according to a report .
more than # 36 m has been announced in funding for regeneration projects in north wales , the welsh government has announced .
league two promotion chasers carlisle were held to a goalless draw by cambridge at brunton park .
st helens prop adam brookes has been banned for a week after pleading guilty to striking the head of the rugby football association .
ruweyda is a 14-year - old girl who has a severe mental health problem .
a pembrokeshire museum is to open its doors to the public for the first time in more than 100 years .
four people have admitted selling more than # 300,000 worth of puppy and selling them to dogs .
madonna has become embroiled in an anti - apartheid campaign that has been circulating on social media .
a wild zebra that was shot in a lake in north - western japan has died , police say .
scientists at a us university are studying the behaviour of slugs that live in fields in rural chile .
thieves stole a dumper truck from a cash machine in a ram - raid , police have said .
a man who claimed he was living with his wife has been jailed for four years and four months .
jordan is one of the world 's most densely populated countries , with its reputation as an independent state .
scientists say they have created a robot that has built 10,000 children in modern life , in a science fiction film .
a community hall in denbighshire is to be handed in to a community group for rent .
wheelie bins will be banned from leaving wheelie bins in a bid to cut costs .
police in texas say they have arrested the driver of a trailer containing dozens of undocumented migrants .
the democratic republic of congo qualified for the quarter - finals of the african nations championship -lrb- chan -rrb- with a 1 - 0 win over burkina faso .
britain 's chris froome remains on course for a third tour de france title after finishing second in the final stage .
a texas grand jury has ordered the arrest of a woman who was arrested on suspicion of perjury .
conor thomas scored the only goal of the game as swindon came from behind to beat millwall at the county ground .
former bbc sports personality zoe gallacher has been charged with drink - driving and driving offences .
the number of people falling into insolvency in scotland has risen , according to official figures .
it 's one of the most important election campaigns in wales since the last general election in 1997 .
england 's charley hull 's chances of playing in the solheim cup are a ` ` perfect example '' , says her coach annika sorenstam .
an investigation into child abuse in rotherham has been criticised by the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcic -rrb- .
midwives in northern ireland have resumed a two - day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
using stem cells to repair the ears of people with hearing loss could help restore hearing loss , say researchers .
a property tycoon has been threatened with legal action over claims he was banned from renting homes .
a 12-year - old girl has written an open letter to burglars who broke into her home .
carmarthenshire council has bought the town council 's grade ii - listed guildhall .
a report by save the children says it is ` ` highly likely '' that girls are likely to become a child .
mosques in london are to be offered tea and refreshments as part of a drive to counter anti - muslimism .
the conservatives are going to the polls in the general election on 8 june - and they 're likely to go conservative .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union has fallen for the first time , according to a survey .
three hospitals in england have gone on ` ` black alert '' to cope with demand for hospital beds .
lee clark is set to become kilmarnock 's next manager , according to his former club sunderland .
a statue of a falklands war veteran is set to be moved to a museum in portsmouth , the national museum of the royal navy has said .
belfast boxer paddy barnes has been knocked out of the wbo super - lightweight title by slavchev .
two schools in telford have been placed in special measures , the education watchdog ofsted has said .
a construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death in london .
one of china 's oldest and most influential people , china , has died at the age of 87 .
millwall striker lee dickson has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club until 2020 .
the us has increased its number of fighters fighting islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq and syria , the cia says .
wales manager chris coleman says his side 's 1 - 0 friendly win over northern ireland in dublin was ` ` positive '' .
microsoft and aol have agreed to buy some of its patents from aol , the company has said .
ofsted has said there is ` ` significant concerns '' about how schools are performing in schools .
police in china have arrested a man suspected of running a 37-mile -lrb- 153 km -rrb- lap around beijing .
wba super - middleweight champion carl froch says he is ready to retire from professional boxing .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the men 's super league one were dented by great britain .
in the wake of the manchester terror attack , the people of the city 's main street are still waiting to hear their support .
us special forces have arrested a man suspected of using mustard gas to kill islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
west brom have signed midfielder anders lindegaard on a two - year deal after he left west brom .
italian champions juventus moved to within two points of serie a leaders juventus with victory over bottom side genoa .
former world number one tiger woods says he is ` ` like a five - year - old '' after announcing his retirement from golf .
a former soldier who was seriously injured in a baywatch - style dive has won a high court battle with the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
plans to reduce the number of police stop and search incidents in england and wales are being considered by the government .
bristol city midfielder benik affray is set to miss the rest of the season with a groin injury .
the husband of a british - iranian woman who was detained in iran has said she is ` ` totally convinced '' her husband has been cleared of all charges .
tyson fury 's fight with wladimir klitschko at london 's olympia ended with a unanimous points decision .
a man had to be rescued from the sea after getting into difficulty in the sea off anglesey .
widnes vikings moved level on points with super league leaders castleford with a hard - fought victory over castleford tigers .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a40 in powys .
labour has been accused of ` ` failing '' by the government over its plans to cut nhs funding in england .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 60-year - old man was stabbed to death in his home in norfolk .
the future of wales ' milk industry is being discussed in a bid to boost the industry 's fortunes .
the family of a british tourist missing in peru say they have contacted the foreign office to help him .
two men have appeared in court in pakistan accused of murdering british woman samia shahid in pakistan .
two workers who lost their jobs at a crematorium in north somerset have been sacked by the council .
a new theatre is set to open in the south - east of scotland later this year , it has been announced .
an rnli crew member has been rescued after a boat capsized off the coast of county down .
red bull 's australian grand prix hopes this year will be a big battle for the formula 1 title .
in the wake of the birth of sarah wangyang , the daughter of a chinese family who fled to china .
the number of inmates released by mistake by mistake in england and wales has more than doubled in the year to june .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
england manager sam allardyce says it is ` ` a great shame '' that the country 's decision to turn down a place at the olympics is a ` ` huge shame '' .
a conman who stole thousands of pounds from a car parts company has been ordered to pay back more than # 180,000 .
a singapore museum has returned a bronze sculpture that was stolen from an art dealer who bought it for more than a decade .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has criticised the lack of training and training in rio de janeiro .
police in france have refused to shake hands with president pierre nkurunziza 's government , after a day of tension .
israel 's former prime minister ehud olmert has been jailed for three years for corruption .
the family of a british man who went missing in the french riviera have said they have been ` ` kept in the dark '' .
belgian police have arrested four people suspected of planning attacks in the country 's capital , brussels , last week .
england head coach mark robinson says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the departure of steve borthwick .
the family of a boy who died after falling from a cliff in brighton have told an inquest they were ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- says it has the most earth - like planet ever seen .
plans to regenerate cardiff 's roads by 2026 have been unveiled by the city council .
a boat has hit a pier in the isle of man , leaving it without any passengers or crew .
the government has announced plans to take thousands of children from the uk to the ` ` dangerous journey '' to europe .
it 's been a year since the parents of seven - year - olds were forced to leave their homes by their parents .
the funeral of constable ronan kerr , who was killed in a bomb attack in county tyrone , has taken place .
jockey ap mccoy has paid tribute to his ` ` incredible day '' after being crowned champion jockey of the year at royal ascot .
two turkish men have been found guilty of causing the death of alan kurdi in a boat accident in turkey .
former world number one luke donald says he has a ` ` little way to go '' to return to the top 50 .
rangers manager mark warburton says he is ` ` 100 '' candidates to succeed brendan rodgers as manager .
a man whose body was found in a car in a birmingham street is being treated as murder , police have said .
an inquiry into the grenfell tower fire is to be held by the end of the year , jeremy corbyn has said .
too many police officers in england and wales do not have an appropriate adult , a report by the national appropriate adult network has found .
the mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has paid tribute to her ` ` wonderful son '' .
` ` it 's the big boys play football , '' said mk dons boss karl robinson .
the uk 's unemployment rate has reached a record high in the first quarter of the year , official figures show .
britain 's andy murray beat italian fabio fognini to reach the second round of the italian open .
division two leaders essex and glamorgan have reached the quarter - finals of the one - day cup .
india completed a 3 - 0 series win over south africa in the final test at the oval in mumbai .
human remains have been unearthed in peterborough as part of a multimillion - pound redevelopment project .
laura robson 's return to the top 250 of the world 's top 250 was a dream come true .
british cycling 's director brian cookson says he is ` ` not trying to dodge any blame '' for his role in governing body .
in the afghan capital kabul , the world bank 's founder , ashraf popal , made an unexpected visit to the country .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in hertfordshire .
a 12-year - old boy is in hospital with life - threatening injuries after being hit by a car .
a care home in cornwall has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
a cheetah that was one of the world 's largest wild animals has been shot dead by a wildlife charity .
the united nations says it has seen an increase in the amount of coca - growing in the country .
a ` ` pigy '' cat has been reunited with his owner after being found in a warehouse .
blackburn 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the fa cup were dented by a lacklustre arsenal side .
patients at a cardiff hospital are being urged to stay away from the symptoms of the norovirus .
two kilcoo players have been suspended by the ulster council over allegations they were racially abused .
mps have called for urgent action to tackle the way security guards are removed from the uk from airports .
snow has hit parts of the uk , with more than 20 cm -lrb- 12 m -rrb- of snow being stuck on the runway .
west ham 's hopes of reaching the efl cup quarter - finals were dented by a 2 - 0 win at cheltenham .
west ham have signed striker emmanuel emenike on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in glasgow city centre .
scientists have developed a new way to unlock the secrets of the human body 's history , which can be sequenced .
a rail link between london and sussex is set to reopen later this month , network rail has said .
former valencia assistant coach gary neville says he has ` ` two requirements '' to replace him as valencia coach .
the family of an australian woman who was arrested in colombia say they are ` ` shocked '' by her mother 's arrest .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo reflects on what she sees as an entrepreneur .
newsround 's daily guide to tips on what to do if you 're worried about what you 're going to do .
the miami marlins baseball player , juan fernandez de kirchner , has become the first american citizen in the united states .
a judicial review is to be held into the decision to allow a north wales wind farm to be placed underground .
turkey 's military chief has been sacked by the country 's government , amid a continuing coup .
ben carson 's second - half goal earned portsmouth victory over hartlepool at fratton park .
scotland 's small businesses are not doing enough of basic digital skills , according to a new report .
thousands of motorists are to be balloted on strike action in a row over cuts to transport services .
it 's been a busy week for the 2017 brit awards , and it 's all about it 's time .
the mother of lord janner has said she is ` ` absolutely outraged '' that claims of historical child sex abuse in children 's homes and schools are not investigated .
` ` i ' m a tri - spizen , '' says johanna konta , the first british woman to reach the wimbledon quarter - finals .
facebook has been accused of ` ` trample '' by the belgian privacy watchdog over its use of data .
police are investigating the deaths of two women who were found dead at a flat in glasgow city centre .
the uk economy grew by 0.1 % in the second quarter of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
sports direct owner mike ashley has been accused of ` ` deliberately marginalic '' by an mp .
a collection of film - maker steve attenborough 's film directors are to be auctioned in london .
thousands of mourners have taken part in the annual apprentice boys ' parade in londonderry .
russell knox says he is looking forward to playing at this year 's masters in st andrews , which starts on thursday .
the european union has agreed on a plan to send thousands of syrian refugees back to turkey to turkey .
more than 100,000 journeys are being made available to improve scotland 's main motorway network .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` completely wrong '' to call for the release of osama bin laden .
a telescope has discovered what could be the most distant object ever from the sun , scientists have said .
police in italy say they have arrested 18 people suspected of being involved in an international drugs trafficking operation .
an anti - bullying campaign to promote halloween products has been withdrawn after complaints from a charity .
three people have been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours list for their work with homeless people .
swansea city have been relegated from the premier league after losing 2 - 0 at crystal palace to crystal palace .
plans to build more than 1,000 homes in manchester have been unveiled by the city council .
new zealand won the rugby league world cup for the first time since 2006 with a hard - fought victory over england .
an 85-year - old woman has died after being hit by a car in sheffield , police said .
the electoral commission has launched a new campaign to promote the uk 's membership of the eu referendum .
bbc watchdog presenters sophie raworth and sophie hunter are to join the new series of bbc two 's watchdog .
a man has been found guilty of killing a pensioner who was stabbed to death in east sussex .
britain 's chris froome won the criterium du dauphine for the second time this year .
germany 's justice minister has condemned turkey 's ` ` anti - terrorism practices '' in germany .
a convicted robber who was jailed for more than 30 years for robbery has said he is ` ` fighting to his grave '' .
britain 's anthony joshua is ` ` very fit '' to fight for the ibf world heavyweight title , says former ibf world champion david harrison .
the republic of ireland 's citizens ' assembly has voted overwhelmingly to allow abortions to be scrapped .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has said it has been behind a deadly attack on a wedding party in northern syria .
scotland 's economy grew at its fastest pace since last year , according to the chambers of commerce .
promoter lennox lewis believes anthony joshua and wladimir klitschko ` ` needs to be undisputed champion '' .
the planting of a plant in the middle of the world 's most expensive plant could help curb climate change , researchers say .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in final practice at the spanish grand prix as mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton and nico rosberg missed out on qualifying .
a letter written by the queen has been sold at auction for more than # 1,000 .
the number of people living in wales with superfast internet services has increased , according to ofcom .
a new link road linking cardiff and the east of wales is to open on thursday , it has been announced .
a project to improve the condition of a leicestershire museum has been refused a grant from the county council .
world number one bernard tomic says he has no respect for the sport after losing to world number 50 mischa zverev .
the canadian general , who was governor of the british army , has died at the age of 82 .
the school report report report is set to be published this year - and we ' ve been using your web address .
scotland 's political leaders are to be given a chance to question the party 's deputy leader .
a group of hill ponies has said it is ` ` in real danger '' of disappearing from dartmoor .
more than 1,000 palestinians have lost their lives in the conflict in gaza , the un says .
a campaign to raise funds for a schoolboy who was diagnosed with cancer has gone viral in northern ireland .
an unregulated drugs has been stolen in a burglary at a pharmacy in edinburgh .
plans to build a new national bird centre in sherwood forest have been approved by the county council council .
a woman has told a court she was sexually assaulted by a man who tried to pull her leg off her leg .
the world 's largest donor , oxfam , has said it is ` ` too generous '' to give more money to syria .
european football 's governing body has launched an appeal against michel platini 's suspension from football .
league one side southend united have signed charlton athletic striker jordan houghton on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
great britain 's rachel cheshire has become the first briton to qualify for the 2018 winter olympics .
colombia 's government and the country 's largest rebel group , the farc , have announced plans to create unarmed observers .
the queen 's speech has been unveiled at westminster to mark the start of the year 's legislative agenda .
a mental health trust has admitted failing to intervene in the case of a patient who fell from a roof at a hospital .
about 2,000 rubbish will be removed from a council after a dispute over a pay dispute .
manchester united midfielder luke shaw has been named in the squad for the pre - season tour of the united states .
` ` it 's fair to say , '' said the chancellor of the exchequer , george osborne .
a sinn [ UNK ] councillor has said he was ` ` incredibly proud '' to come from the party 's deputy leader over comments he made about jeremy corbyn .
northern ireland 's economy grew at its fastest rate in more than two years , according to the ulster bank .
a ukip councillor has been expelled from the party after being expelled from ukip , the party has confirmed .
prime minister theresa may has promised to support those affected by the grenfell tower fire in london .
a man has died after being attacked by two men in a ` ` targeted attack '' in denbighshire .
plans to re - open cardiff 's historical museum have been approved by the city 's council .
the us government says it is ` ` very concerned '' about the impact of the paris attacks on the city 's super bowl .
chelsea captain john terry says he has ` ` learned too much '' to give him the chance to become a manager .
a man who murdered a pensioner in a ` ` catalogue of errors '' has been jailed for life .
leyton orient 's jack marriott scored the only goal of the game as they beat luton in league two .
hundreds of police officers have been locked out of a baseball match in the us city of baltimore after a protest by police .
a man has been charged with smuggling drugs into a prison after a drone crashed into a jail , police have said .
a woman who caused the death of a 78-year - old woman in a crash has been jailed .
plans to redevelop scotland 's largest city deal have been approved by the scottish government .
roman polamalu has announced that he will retire from football at the end of the season because of a back injury .
a british man has become the first briton to win the world 's strongest man title for 27 years .
an app designed to celebrate the alice in wonderland story has been launched by developers in llandudno .
it 's been a week since the birth of a baby girl in the united states , and it 's all about to be very different .
a british soldier who was awarded the royal victoria derbyshire medal -lrb- ptsd -rrb- for his role in the aftermath of an accidental shooting in iraq has been awarded a medal .
the head of the church of england , martyn williams , has said he is ` ` deeply unlikely '' to be churchgoers .
seaworld has been banned from breeding orcass at its san diego national park in the us .
team sky 's sergio henao has been suspended by the sport 's governing body for failing a drugs test .
rangers midfielder joey barton has been told to return to full - time training after being suspended by the club .
train operator arriva trains has said it is ` ` completely out of use '' for maintenance work .
wales under-20s ended their six nations campaign without a win as they ran in seven tries against italy .
when magda tilli 's family decided to start their own company in portugal , he had no idea that he would be able to rent a home .
six people have been arrested in connection with an alleged ` ` incursion '' at a football match .
wimbledon 's main court has been closed to allow play on the middle sunday to take place on friday .
campaigners want a bid to buy a former school site in ceredigion to buy it .
a 12-year - old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in north lanarkshire .
the james webb telescope , the hubble telescope , is set to go to the us next year .
it 's a year since the start of the uk 's eu summit , here 's a look at the best - known political figures .
` ` i ' ve got married , '' said liz taylor , who was the world 's most famous woman .
a former senior trader at rabobank has pleaded guilty to conspiring to rig the global libor rate .
a team of stem cells from the brain 's liver could help people with severe liver failure , say researchers .
conwyn bay have sacked manager david lynch after only two months in charge of the national league club .
the international olympic committee -lrb- aiba -rrb- has ordered belfast boxer michael conlan and belfast boxer scott donnelly to be eligible for the rio games .
plans to demolish a grade ii - listed luxury hotel and flats have been approved by councillors .
brazil 's former military ruler dilma rousseff was ousted by the military in 1993 .
a man has admitted killing his wife in a knife - wielding attack at their home in east renfrewshire .
the authorities in colombia say they are searching for the victims of a landslide that killed more than 100 people .
fire crews have been tackling a large fire at an industrial estate in east kent , which started on saturday .
labour 's new shadow welsh secretary , christina rees , has been named by the party 's shadow welsh affairs minister .
mae ' r cynulliad wedi dweud bod ymchwiliad i gatrawd brys ar [ UNK ] ' r gyfrifol .
more than # 1,000 has been raised for the rescue of a dogs ' home in greater manchester .
the head of the us national security agency -lrb- fbi -rrb- has denied that president barack obama and his aides are being investigated .
a man who was diagnosed with a rare form of muscular bowel disease has said he will wait until he is ` ` really ill '' .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the conflict in south sudan .
india 's largest online retailers , flipkart , has raised $ 1.6 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 bn -rrb- in cash .
hungary 's prime minister beata szijjarto has said he expects the eu to backtrack its laws against hungary .
an archaeological dig in the north of scotland has identified the location of a ` ` lost dark age kingdom '' .
a man has been jailed for five years for killing a worker who fell from a roof roof while working .
a pair of wild goslings have been found in a box at a nature reserve in nottinghamshire .
ospreys head coach ken owens says his side are ` ` back in the winning groove '' after their pro12 defeat by cardiff blues .
a security firm has developed a software program that can disinfects a vulnerable router , infects and computers .
in the aftermath of the world 's first atomic bomb raid in japan , the bbc 's mark selby examines how to stop iran becoming more powerful .
the earliest known known ` ` creepy crawlies '' has been reconstructed by a team of scientists .
the 2016 olympic games in rio de janeiro will take place on thursday , at the start of the year .
the metropolitan opera has said it will not broadcast a new opera about the 1981 bombing of a cruise ship .
port vale manager bruno ribeiro has left the league one club by mutual consent after five years in charge .
the world 's fastest - growing quantum computer is being tested in the laboratory - and it 's a good way to make it .
mclaren are ` ` not good enough '' to win the world title , according to team boss boullier .
sir roger federer 's new film about life changing moments has been screened at a cardiff arts festival .
the results of thursday 's scottish council elections have been described as ` ` the most important issue '' .
spanish singer iglesias has been taken to hospital after suffering a broken hand during a concert in mexico .
three major supermarkets have cut the price of diesel for the first time in more than 20 years , the bbc understands .
the proposed garden bridge project in london could cost the taxpayer more than # 50 m , a review has found .
more than 200 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in south africa 's capital , pretoria , forcing the evacuation of more than 30 people .
nottingham forest manager nigel davies says he would ` ` love to finish '' his job at the club .
a group of campaigners have taken part in a protest against the welsh government 's plans for a national language .
adebayo akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as wycombe earned a draw at morecambe .
the number of people diagnosed with breast cancer in the uk has increased , according to a new study .
sse has said it will not rethink plans to upgrade the main line of the national grid .
plans to build a # 1.5 m stadium in cornwall have been unveiled by the prime minister .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on friday , boosted by a rise in the value of the pound .
a report into alleged ` ` trojan horse '' allegations in schools in east birmingham has been published .
tributes have been paid to renowned welsh artist and nobel prize - winning artist kirsty williams .
great britain 's denise lewis won gold and bronze in the 3,000 m steeplechase at london 2012 .
thousands of people have taken part in an anti - austerity campaign in the republic of ireland .
napoli striker gonzalo higuain has been banned for two games after being sent off during the 2 - 0 win over napoli .
league one side crewe alexandra have signed scunthorpe united midfielder ryan nolan on a two - year contract .
friends of the earth have signed a petition calling for the european union to reject a controversial free trade deal .
peterborough united have signed peterborough united striker ryan lloyd on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
division two leaders essex had to settle for a draw against essex at chelmsford after being bowled out for 172 .
a man who died after being hit by a car in south - east london has been named by police .
plans to transform swansea university 's student building into an ` ` eyesore '' have been unveiled .
lib dem leader tim farron has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to the equality bill .
league one side millwall came from behind to beat 10-man bury 3 - 2 in league one .
an australian police force has issued an arrest warrant for a man wanted in connection with a facebook post .
more than 1.2 million people in england are not getting the care they need , a report says .
a woman who was made redundant by the equality commission has been awarded more than # 2,000 .
neymar scored his first goal of the season as barcelona beat sevilla to move level on points with la liga leaders barcelona .
two brothers who lost their legal battle against the ulster bank are set to be offered a new compensation .
one of the uk 's most senior cabinet ministers has announced his intention to join the campaign to leave the eu .
the co - owner of a us funeral home in mississippi is suing the family of a gay man and his nephew .
thousands of jellyfish have been spotted on a beach in north wales , prompting a warning from holidaymakers .
a town 's transport museum is marking 20 years since the closure of suffolk 's main airport .
firefighters in hampshire have set a new world record for eating a ` ` naan '' baker .
the captain of a boat that capsized off the coast of italy is to stand trial in april .
three men who tackled a thief who stole jewellery worth more than # 50,000 have been named ` ` hero '' .
plans to build a ` ` learning hub '' in swansea bay have been rejected by the welsh government .
police have released details of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in dublin .
us firm mylan has announced plans to launch a generic version of epipen -lrb- epipen -rrb- .
italian playwright dario fo , best known for his role in literature , has died at the age of 82 .
a primary school has been closed for the first time since the school was closed due to a staff shortage .
at least two people have been killed in two bomb attacks in the afghan capital kabul , officials say .
an application to build a hydro power plant on a river in snowdonia has been withdrawn by the council .
a ` ` heinous '' pet cat has been given a suspended jail sentence after being found dead in a kitchen kitchen .
broadcasting watchdog ofcom has launched an investigation after ken morley was called out of channel 5 's house .
lukas jutkiewicz scored twice as birmingham city came from behind to beat birmingham city and reach the fifth round of the fa cup .
the use of contactless payment technology in the uk has reached a record level , according to industry figures .
the mother of a two - year - old boy who died in a bath has told a court she was ` ` stupid '' .
a ukip election candidate has resigned after posting abusive comments about us president barack obama 's role in israel .
glamorgan will play their t20 blast quarter - final against sussex in the quarter - finals .
mobile phone operators could face fines of up to # 250,000 a day if they fail to meet acceptable targets .
a former ambulance service chief has been struck off by the health regulator after failing to follow medical rules .
a community - owned pub in the northmoor village is to be run as a free house .
a czech hiker has been found dead in a lake in the lake district , police have confirmed .
a schoolboy from west lothian who was diagnosed with terminal cancer has died at the age of 16 .
it 's been a year since the start of this year 's aerial photography competition in france .
in world war two , thousands of children were forced to live in their homes during world war one .
an anti - bullying campaigner has denied claims he was responsible for a ` ` culture of bullying '' in the conservative party .
lenovo has removed its own version of its ` ` hidden software '' from its online store .
league one side rochdale have signed rochdale striker jordan hill on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
former american footballer chastain has donated her brain to a us university to help research research research into the effects of concussion .
a legal challenge to the uk government 's decision to leave the european union has been rejected by the high court .
london 's voluntary living wage is set to become the first in the uk to be introduced in 2016 .
bradford 's league one play - off hopes were dented as they were held to a draw by oldham .
six people have been arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse offences by police investigating alleged abuse at euro 2016 .
the house of lords is to be given a ` ` double veto '' by the government , the commons has announced .
four climbers have been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulties in the cairngorms .
shares in broadcaster sky have risen after the company confirmed it is in talks with us media giant 21st century fox .
a fire has broken out on the set of the bbc 's series game of thrones after filming was halted .
irish broadcaster broadcaster [ UNK ] [ UNK ] [ UNK ] has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed , aged 80 .
a candidate in argentina 's regional electoral council has won a run - off vote in the first round of elections .
david cameron has said he is ` ` working closely '' to tackle the threat posed by islamic state militants .
south korea 's skt team have won the league of legends -lrb- lol -rrb- .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been detained by police in st petersburg , a rights group says .
a court in saudi arabia has sentenced 32 people to 30 years in jail for spying on iran . .
a scheme to hire cyclists to hire their bicycles in oxfordshire is to be reinstated after a two - year trial .
an nhs trust criticised for failing to meet demand for emergency vehicles has been rated ` ` inadequate '' .
plans to demolish part of swansea 's grade ii listed pier have been approved by the council .
more than 2,000 people have attended a ` ` live training exercise '' in east yorkshire .
there are ` ` pressure '' on the welsh government 's education system , a senior civil servant has said .
the uk 's leading academic has called for a ban on the use of rugby in the sport .
an exhibition of works by italian artist caravaggio has gone on show in edinburgh , in the scottish national gallery .
a group of eight schoolgirls from the united states have won a medal at a global competition .
the idea of women bishops in the church of england has been described as a ` ` milestone '' .
two british schoolchildren have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the nazi death camp at auschwitz .
two - time wimbledon champion petra kvitova is through to the quarter - finals of the miami open .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks ended the day higher on tuesday , with the dow jones index closing at 16 points .
scott draper scored a hat - trick as scottish league two champions forfar came from behind to beat forfar athletic .
a group of bear cubs have captured a rare moment in a zoo in south africa , in a rare encounter .
channel 4 's election night coverage will be temporarily halted on friday , after the broadcaster temporarily shut its doors .
ukip am nathan gill has said he is ` ` fully committed '' to the party 's ams meeting in cardiff .
pupils in schools in wales are more likely to develop a career in science , the education watchdog estyn has said .
bmw has reported a rise in its share of its stake in the world 's biggest car maker , here .
an early copy of a roman gold coin has been declared treasure by an inquest into its discovery in norfolk .
women 's super rugby has been dropped by the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- .
singer and actress julie carr , who starred in the sound of music , has died at the age of 83 .
the european commission president , jean - claude juncker , has said he is ` ` not fit '' to be the next head of the commission .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to a new primary school in east dunbartonshire .
a body has been found in a house in east sussex after a house fire in the early hours .
china is set to launch its first live tv channel dedicated to the sport 's most popular sports .
first minister nicola sturgeon has praised plaid cymru leader leanne wood for her role in politics .
former student david gilmour has been given a four - year jail sentence after being found guilty of violent disorder at topshop .
a court in belfast has ordered the removal of a facebook page which was published online by a judge .
an ` ` alarm '' sign on one of nottingham 's busiest train services has been discovered .
one of the best - known authors of the novel the day of january has been published .
a motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in gwynedd .
a world war two veteran has been honoured with a russian medal for the ` ` worst journey in the world '' .
an australian school has won this year 's national parks -lrb- nld -rrb- competition .
botswana 's olympic sprint champion says he is ` ` shocked '' at the world championships because of an illness .
the owners of a golf course in north east scotland have offered to pay for repair a large hole .
league one side blackpool have signed former york city and york city defender chris gray on a two - year contract .
eddie howe has signed a new four - year contract with bournemouth , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the russian authorities are investigating alleged violence at the stade velodrome in marseille that left one of the country 's biggest football stadiums damaged .
belfast 's commercial property market is under threat because of a shortage of grade a space office building .
middlesbrough 's hopes of automatic promotion from the championship were dented by a goalless draw at ipswich .
the uk government has voted to allow scotland to set up a regional court in scotland to be granted .
japanese taxi - hailing firm uber is to launch a new ` ` flying car '' in tokyo .
north korea 's supreme court has denied that a us citizen was involved in a plot to overthrow the government .
welsh rugby union chief executive stuart davies says he would like to see wales ' best players in wales .
ireland 's paul dunne beat italy 's andrea molinari to retain his european tour title in italy .
the oscar - nominated film 12 years a slave has become the biggest film ever released in the world .
ireland forward tommy bowe suffered a knee injury in friday 's pro12 game against ulster at kingspan stadium .
a new project to assess the impact of climate change has been launched by the royal commission of wales .
scotland scrum - half lewis hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby at the age of nine .
it 's fair to say that goal is the most important moment in football history , and it 's not even more important .
a football fan accused of attacking football fans with a broken corkscrew has pleaded guilty to assaulting them .
a cat has been stabbed to death in a ` ` shocking and completely senseless '' attack .
the oecd 's report on education in the uk shows that teachers ' pay has fallen below average .
super league leaders castleford came from behind to beat featherstone and move into the quarter - finals .
breast cancer patients who are overweight or obese are to be trained in a new trial in the us .
thousands of west ham fans have voted in favour of a women 's football match at upton park .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a collision .
an artificial intelligence algorithm has been developed by a us university professor to help reduce the risk of falling down a robot .
cardiff university 's school of medicine has accepted a review of its findings following an inquiry into alleged racist abuse .
artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- is back on the verge of a new era .
china 's housing market has become one of the world 's most expensive property markets , but it 's not easy to see it .
the football federation -lrb- fsf -rrb- has said it would consider selling tickets to clubs in england and wales if they can not buy them .
turkish police have seized life jackets worth up to # 1,000 in a raid on a warehouse in istanbul .
tennis star maria sharapova has said she does not know who she was watching her play at wimbledon .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has said he will not step down as prime minister of the year after his resignation .
barcelona striker mehmedi says lionel messi is ` ` exceptional '' to win the world cup in brazil .
northern ireland striker george washington says he has been ` ` lucky '' to find the pain of playing for northern ireland .
voting in argentina 's presidential election has ended after a run - off vote in the first round .
dawid malan 's unbeaten century helped england to a three - wicket win over south africa in the twenty20 series .
the inquiry into the death of a boy at a glasgow cemetery has heard that the council did not do enough to protect him .
a belfast man has been praised for his ` ` gobsmacked '' chat chat show after he appeared in a tv show .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of falluja have been killed , the un 's chief says .
a woman who has been diagnosed with a rare form of muscular dystrophy is to marry .
the father of a man who was murdered by a gang who stole his house has had his jail sentence extended .
inverness caledonian thistle leapfrogged hamilton academical into second place in the scottish premiership with a 2 - 0 win .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he would not allow labour mps to vote against air strikes in syria .
edinburgh - based firm vert rotors has secured a # 2.5 m investment in its production and craft .
a man convicted of shooting dead a friend in 1993 has said he will not face a second trial .
us president barack obama has visited the home of jamaican reggae legend bob marley as he arrived in jamaica .
the family of a british backpacker who lost his life after falling down a mountain in vietnam say they are helping to rescue him .
northants ' hopes of promotion from division two were dented by bad light on day two at hove .
the body of a man who was found at the bottom of a canal has been identified by police .
the leader of bahrain 's main opposition group al - wefaq has urged the government to do more to help restore order .
a gwynedd teacher has been struck off after being found guilty of misconduct by a group of schoolgirls .
the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- is set to announce its new schedule for the uk 's single market .
jk rowling 's harry potter spin - off film has flopped at the us and canada box office .
theresa may has said it will be ` ` tough '' for the uk to leave the european union .
police are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football , the nspcc has said , as part of an investigation .
a londonderry man accused of encouraging terrorism and encouraging support for the ira has been granted bail .
a court in pakistan has granted bail to an afghan woman who has been accused of defrauding the country 's government .
hibernian have signed israel goalkeeper darrenno on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been jailed for three months for assaulting muslim worshippers at a mosque in dundee .
warwickshire director of cricket dougie brown is to step down from his post at the end of the season .
scotrail has accused the train operator of ` ` shambolic '' plans to cut train services .
microsoft founder bill gates has become the first person to give away more money to charity , according to reports .
scottish labour leadership hopeful owen smith has urged the eu to ` ` let you down '' scotland .
a bus driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus on a busy edinburgh road .
a woman who had her teeth removed from her teeth because she was ` ` beaten and murdered '' has been given a one - year supervision order .
a labour am has accused the welsh government of ` ` wasting tens of thousands of pounds '' on transport projects .
the scottish government has accused the conservatives of ` ` failing to take any responsibility '' for schools .
taylor swift 's lookalike likes likes to show off , and it 's fair to say .
it was supposed to be a little piece of history that was meant to be the last part of the swansea canal .
doncaster rovers manager billy saunders says he is investigating reports linking bristol rovers striker diouf with a nightclub .
the fallout from the diesel emissions scandal has hit volkswagen 's sales , according to the consumer magazine .
mclaren have confirmed they are looking to replace ron dennis as their new formula 1 boss , bbc sport understands .
a team of researchers have discovered more than 1,000 egyptians living in egypt 's capital , cairo .
it 's the time that time of year when the premier league season gets under way in january .
plans to extend the borders railway to carlisle have been approved by transport scotland -lrb- cbr -rrb- .
the head of california 's police , rodolfo ordonez , has announced he will be investigated by the justice system .
a muslim school has been accused of breaching the equality act by refusing to wear headscarves .
nationwide 's buy - to - let lender has reported a fall in its first quarter profits .
if you 're a staple of easter eggs , it 's easy to forget that easter eggs are n't too small .
it 's the great british bake off - and it 's all about the bakers !
a 24-hour strike by transport workers in london has been called off after the company called off .
harry podmore has joined glamorgan on loan from middlesex until the end of the season , with the option of a further 12 months .
an independent review into claims of electoral fraud in london is ` ` very concerned '' about the issue of a complete ballot paper .
joe miller scored his first goal of the season as wolves beat wolves to move into second place in the championship .
a court case against a dog which was kept in a cage for more than two years has been released .
gareth bale says wales are ` ` focused '' on sunday 's euro 2016 qualifier against israel .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at tata steel 's shotton plant in newport , a union has said .
an australian man has been arrested on suspicion of making threats to kill a man in sydney , australia .
three students have created a mobile phone bag in a bid to ` ` keep it back '' .
a new virtual reality camera has been captured by a team of researchers in scotland using google street view .
a 34-year - old man from londonderry has been jailed for running a ` ` crazy '' # 100,000 cannabis farm .
governor of the us state of louisiana , rick jindal , has said that he is ` ` not sure '' that republicans are ` ` overwhelmingly stupid '' .
children 's mental health in england is ` ` a toxic climate '' , says a charity .
a teenager has pleaded guilty to hacking the mumsnet website , which was targeted by cyber attacks .
cardiff blues secured a place in the european challenge cup quarter - finals with a bonus - point win over gloucester .
a campaign to buy a former hospital site in denbighshire has been launched by the council .
a ban on fracking in wales is ` ` flawed '' , the welsh government has said .
network rail has paid more than # 2 m in compensation to passengers claiming compensation for delays and cancellations .
bundesliga leaders rb leipzig were held to a draw by hoffenheim in the first round of the season .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- .
in the middle of a family 's family 's bank in moscow , the bbc 's caucasus correspondent elena explains how her family 's money is collected .
chelsea 's hopes of reaching the champions league quarter - finals suffered a setback as alexandre maicon 's late goal gave them victory over porto .
the government is considering plans to limit access to services for people from romania and bulgaria , the bbc understands .
nigerian state governor james ibori has won a high court battle with the home secretary over his release from prison .
an australian teenager has appeared in court in sydney charged with assisting the murder of an australian police worker .
manchester united manager jose mourinho 's first game in charge of the club ended in defeat by hull .
south africa 's finance minister gordhan has said the country is ` ` in crisis '' .
wakefield ran in seven tries as they came from behind to beat catalans dragons in the super league .
a woman in her 60s has been robbed at knifepoint in a robbery at a shop in north belfast .
leeds moved into the league two play - off places with victory at luton thanks to goals from james denton .
the us city of ellis island has been evacuated after a suspected suspicious package was found on an island .
the united nations says it is ` ` appalled '' by claims of rights abuses by the army or police .
alan curtis is one of swansea city 's best - known footballers , who has been at the liberty stadium for more than 30 years .
tottenham hotspur have settled a legal case against the club over the death of a 13-year - old boy who collapsed while playing football .
a motorist who was chased by police during a chase has been jailed for more than two years .
sinn [ UNK ] 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness is to visit belgium to commemorate the centenary of the battle of the somme .
the family of a teacher stabbed to death at a leeds school have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the findings of an independent inquiry .
a serving royal marine from northern ireland has appeared in court charged with preparing terrorist activity in the uk .
former house speaker john boehner has become the first us house speaker to announce his retirement from congress .
plans to build a hydro power station in snowdonia have been approved by the national trust -lrb- npc -rrb- .
a welsh mep has been named as one of the uk 's four meps in the european parliament .
there is no doubt that greece 's prime minister , alexis tsipras , is in the midst of an austerity crisis .
angelina jolie has written a film about kenya 's elephant poacher , the film by conservationist james leakey .
plaid cymru 's general election results in wales have been hailed as ` ` the worst ever '' .
kilmarnock have signed peter waters from alloa athletic for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
league one side wycombe wanderers have signed southampton striker sam gape on loan until the end of the season .
three men have admitted plotting to supply cocaine with an estimated street value of more than # 1 m .
it 's a tale of ` ` the northern powerhouse '' , but the government 's plans to devolve devolution to cheshire have been agreed .
the head of brazil 's state - run oil company , petrobras , says he has named dozens of politicians who have been accused of manipulating government contracts .
josh sturm retained his wba super - middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over roy macklin in manchester .
a student has described the ` ` horrific '' scenes at a concert in nottingham as ` ` torture '' .
a woman in the us state of new york has appeared in court charged with drink - driving .
alex danson has been named in great britain 's women 's squad for the eurohockey championships in rotterdam .
middlesbrough manager aitor karanka says he is not in a rush to stay in the premier league .
aston villa have rejected a bid from french top - flight club aston villa for winger eric gueye .
the us secret service is facing ` ` difficult options '' for its next director , a review has found .
spanish insurer fosun says it has made a bid to buy portugal 's largest insurance firm , fosun .
a new exhibition has opened in liverpool to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of children in the city .
sri lanka 's hopes of reaching the second test against australia were dented by an innings - and - run defeat by australia .
a judge in argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five british oil companies in the falklands .
cristian sits in a park in buenos aires on the outskirts of the city of boca juniors .
five russian military personnel have been awarded a russian medal for their work in syria 's civil war .
former coronation street actress barbara bracknell has launched a campaign to raise funds for treatment in germany .
canada 's prime minister stephen harper has called for a ban on foreign homeowners living in vancouver .
a 12-year - old girl has died after being hit by an elephant at a zoo in central london .
at least 30 people have been killed in monsoon rains in india 's gujarat state , officials say .
a teaching assistant accused of raping his ex - girlfriend has told jurors he was ` ` too young '' to have an abortion .
a new chain ferry crossing between cowes and cowes will be free for the first time in six months .
student george galloway has been taken to hospital after an ` ` anarchist '' attack at aberdeen university .
opener liam livingstone has been named in the england squad for the one - day series against south africa .
as us president barack obama 's presidency began on thursday , the bbc 's thomas ferchner examines what he is doing .
johnny sexton and sean o'brien have been ruled out of ireland 's six nations opener against scotland .
the leader of france 's anti - eu movement has said he is ` ` extremely angry '' about the future of the european union .
a 20-year - old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of three people who were hit by a car .
` ` i ' ve got a job , '' says gardashi howe , who was at the centre of her life at the university of california .
pop star taylor swift has been accused of being ` ` exploited '' by apple music for free .
women who eat a diet containing high fats and sugars are more likely to suffer childhood obesity , researchers say .
china 's government has banned a documentary documentary about pollution in the country 's most polluted country .
international engineering firm hayes has said it is ` ` too early '' to assess the impact of the brexit vote .
a charity has been awarded a grant of # 1.5 m from the government to expand its operations in the isle of man .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
manchester united have agreed a deal to sign midfielder eric bailly from villarreal for an undisclosed fee .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
at least three people have been injured in an explosion on etna , italy 's highest mountain .
twitter is rolling out new ways to make it easier for people to find out what they think about .
the jury in the trial of a hospital worker who died after falling from a lifting hoist has retired .
a british man accused of murdering a british soldier in iraq was directly involved in making bombs , a court has heard .
an autograph note signed by world war two troops in germany has been sold at auction in nottingham .
portsmouth 's dan linganzi has signed a new contract with the league two club . ''
north korea has said it has successfully launched a ballistic missile , in the first such test since 2014 .
more than 200 schoolgirls have been kidnapped by islamist militants in north - eastern nigeria , officials say .
a pair of gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at bristol zoo , the first of its kind .
police are searching for a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a bus in glasgow .
a massive video game on the isle of man has been discovered on a website in blackpool , usa .
two men have been jailed for causing the death of a man who was killed in a car crash .
a woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in edinburgh city centre , police have said .
the us has said it is ` ` not walking back '' from an indian woman accused of kidnapping a us diplomat .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham on the greek island of kos say they are ` ` more desperate '' to find him .
guinea international bastian traore is set to retire from international football at the end of the season .
a council has apologised after a caravan park was cancelled due to ` ` disruption '' .
residents evacuated from their homes after a ` ` huge hole '' opened up in a residential estate have been told they can return home .
the snp could increase income tax by # 1.2 bn , according to a think - tank .
scrum - half tim visser says scotland will not be ` ` half - hearted '' to qualify for the world cup quarter - finals .
a new way to tackle violence in cardiff has been hailed as ` ` a success '' by cardiff university .
scientists at glasgow university have developed a new way to stem the effects of sea lice infection in scotland .
christopher thirlwell is a great - grandfather of chocolate that has become the first person in the world .
paceman steven finn has been recalled to the england squad for the second test against australia in adelaide .
a new survey of the french alps has found that the area of ice has fallen for the first time .
former england captain rio ferdinand has died at the age of 82 , the premier league club have confirmed .
mobile phone firm three has announced it is to abolish roaming charges for some of its customers .
the closure of a londonderry department store has been described as ` ` horrific '' by the city council .
the government has announced plans to privatise the uk 's green investment bank -lrb- gib -rrb- .
kilmarnock manager lee clark hopes the club can get the chance to avoid relegation from the championship .
the conservatives have failed to elect a new assembly member after the party 's decision not to re - elect him .
wales captain sam warburton says his side 's ` ` massive '' match against england is a ` ` massive game '' .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel headed a ferrari one - two in final practice at the chinese grand prix .
australian researchers say they have found a way to unlock the venomous funnel web spiders from australia 's fraser island .
a petition has been signed by a hindu temple in india to stop menstruation from entering the hindu temple .
a county armagh law firm has admitted defrauding the law firm of almost # 250,000 .
hibernian head coach neil lennon is confident his side can win the betfred cup despite their recent results .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for an orange order parade to be held on friday .
airbus has said it will cut production of its a380 aircraft for the first time since 2012 .
the us government has charged four people with hacking into yahoo 's accounts , including the founder of the russian intelligence agency -lrb- fsb -rrb- .
nigeria 's former defence minister has appeared in court in abuja , accused of selling weapons to the military .
a solar - powered plane has been forced to abandon its attempt to circumnavigate the globe .
a sinn [ UNK ] councillor has said she has been subjected to ` ` sectarian intimidation '' at her school in north belfast .
inverness caledonian thistle manager john hughes praised the impact of his side 's 1 - 1 draw with dundee .
wales head coach neil jenkins says he is ` ` shocked '' by the reaction from the reaction to their six nations win over france .
two of scotland 's largest arts organisations are to lose their jobs , it has been announced , in a move that could see them replaced .
a north sea platform has been shut down after a leak at the cormorant alpha platform .
a judge has ruled that airlines in the uk should pay compensation to passengers who have been delayed by three hours .
more than 90,000 cigarettes and cigarettes have been seized in a ` ` stash '' operation in grimsby .
more than 200 jobs are to be created at a pharmaceutical plant in north - eastern newcastle .
a 20-year - old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in north ayrshire .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has confirmed that scott williams will stay at scarlets .
the findings of an investigation into the alleged chemical attack in syria last week are to be published , the bbc understands .
wales ' euro 2016 squad has arrived in france for the first time since the 1958 world cup in 1958 .
newport county have signed striker jack compton and striker sean rigg on two - year deals . . .
in the wake of jeremy corbyn 's decision to leave the labour party , bbc newsnight looks at the new members of the party .
a former partick thistle employee has been sacked by the scottish premiership club after allegations of historical abuse .
an nhs trust has apologised after an ` ` administrative error '' led to more than 800 hospital appointment letters being sent out .
schools in wales are ` ` not providing enough support '' for young people , a watchdog has said .
former world number one and world number two jamie goose hopes to return to the pdc at lakeside .
radiohead have released a new theme song for the james bond film spectre , which was originally recorded .
police are investigating claims a children 's mural at an edinburgh primary school is being treated as racist .
the system of education in scotland has become the first in the world to be included in the country 's schools .
christmas day is set to be the uk 's biggest christmas day , with thousands of patients having to eat .
australia 's tennis integrity unit -lrb- tiu -rrb- has fined former world number one marcus lindahl for match - fixing .
snowboarder cian potter has confirmed her place at the 2018 winter olympics in pyeongchang .
the government 's strategy for tackling extremist extremist extremist ideology has been unveiled .
essex head coach mark silverwood says he would be ` ` proud '' to bring the trophy to division one .
a police officer has told an inquest into the deaths of two students who were trapped in a nightclub .
wakefield trinity wildcats have appointed former wales coach chris chester as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
nivea has apologised after an advert for its products was posted on social media .
england secured their place in the rugby world cup semi - finals with a bonus - point win over new zealand .
a drone has been involved in a collision with a passenger plane at a airport , police have said .
children in northern ireland have contacted childline in the last five years , according to the charity childline .
the value of the pound fell by 0.5 % in march , according to the bank of england .
newport county 's league two promotion hopes were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by mansfield .
st johnstone manager tommy wright says he is ` ` worried '' about his future at the club .
three children have been rescued from a beach in weston - super - mare after getting into difficulty .
southampton came from behind to beat crystal palace in the fa cup fifth round at the expense of crystal palace .
worcester warriors scrum - half joe bower has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- has warned that the government 's plan to resettle 20,000 refugees in the uk is ` ` flawed '' .
the belfast giants went level on points with elite league leaders cardiff devils as they beat fife flyers 5 - 2 .
plans to extend the borders railway to carlisle and carlisle are being considered by the scottish government , it has been confirmed .
lib dem leader tim farron has said he does not believe that gay sex is a sin .
kent 's hopes of reaching the division two play play - offs were dented as they were beaten by northants .
scotland 's scott jamieson and sweden 's bjork bjork remain in contention for a share of the lead at the nedbank golf championship .
a five - year - old boy with a rare form of cancer is in remission after his parents refused treatment .
three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than # 800,000 were found at a factory in bridgend .
hillary clinton was the only republican presidential candidate in the us , but it was n't enough .
austria 's new president has said he will not lead the country 's main parties into opposition .
a five - year - old boy has been taken to hospital after a powerboat capsized in the river shore .
luton town chairman john sweet says the club 's promotion to league two is a ` ` start of a revival '' .
this week , the british and european union -lrb- eu -rrb- and european countries have arrived in libya .
substitute krystian pearce 's second - half goal earned mansfield a draw against york in league two .
canada 's government has set up an inquiry into the deaths of indigenous women and young indigenous women .
an inquest has been opened into the death of pop star lil ' chris at his home in suffolk .
manchester united boss jose mourinho and his assistant jose mourinho were both involved in a confrontation with chelsea manager jose mourinho .
talks aimed at resolving the political crisis in northern ireland are being held in londonderry on monday .
warwickshire batsman jonathan trott is still playing at the top of the county championship after his side 's draw with warwickshire .
richard hammond has returned to action after being injured in a high - speed car crash in switzerland .
cardiff blues scrum - half gareth anscombe says he has been ` ` made out of glass '' by his body .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling 40 ft -lrb- 12 m -rrb- down a mountain in snowdonia .
the poet philip larkin is to be remembered in poets ' corner at westminster abbey in the new year .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2017 finals were ended by a goalless draw against belgium .
defending champion ronnie o'sullivan has pulled out of the uk championship because of a lack of interest .
a charity set up by the armed forces has said it is ` ` absolutely committed '' to ` ` resilient '' services .
the british government is to sue the uk government over claims it helped secure the rendition of terror suspects .
tibet has been hit by a surge in the amount of water - related flooding in the region .
monty python star george cleese has received a mixed reception from critics as he returned to his home town of cambridge .
councillors in brecon have voted to allow a pub to be turned into a supermarket . ''
a former american football player has been found dead in a prison cell in the us state of minnesota .
manor have signed world champion colin ocon for the first half of the season , subject to a work permit .
the families of four workers killed when a building collapsed have said they are ` ` devastated '' by the loss of their loved ones .
in the wake of the chernobyl disaster , japan 's nuclear power station was set to be upgraded to a top level .
a london shopping centre has been bought by a us property firm after it was acquired by a property firm .
a former volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty to conspiring to fix the emissions scandal in the us .
a grade ii - listed bridge is being removed from a bridge over its links to a love lock .
tata steel has been fined # 900,000 for failing to properly investigate a potentially fatal chemical leak .
badgers are to be offered extra funding from the government to tackle the spread of bovine tb .
india 's maoist rebels have been the longest - reigning state in the country 's history .
the new year 's day service at sandringham has been called off by the church of england .
a woman accused of threatening bbc radio 2 presenter jeremy vine with his middle finger has appeared in court .
welshman chaz rea has won the world superbike championship for the first time since 2003 .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have seized the ancient city of palmyra from islamic state militants .
a man has admitted selling stun guns to other people in dundee and told police he was ` ` fully operational '' .
more than 200 new minerals have been added to a catalogue of ` ` unmatched '' minerals .
plans to redundancies at the dvla motor licensing agency -lrb- dvla -rrb- in swansea have been welcomed by the welsh government .
england all - rounder danielle hazell has been ruled out of the one - day series against india because of a knee injury .
scotland scrum - half matt pyrgos has been named captain of the world cup squad .
bradford city have signed millwall striker stuart preston north on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a five - year - old boy has been referred to the police and social services watchdog after a row over the word ` ` cucumber '' .
league two side crawley town have signed west brom defender james hurst on loan until the end of the season .
a council chairman has apologised to councillors who fell asleep during a debate about ` ` failings '' .
a dog seized by police in devon is to be returned to kennels in the united states .
the uk 's inflation rate rose by 0.5 % in january , according to the bank of england -lrb- boe -rrb- .
about 30 workers have been evacuated from the north sea after a fire broke out on the lomond sea .
a man accused of murdering a nine - year - old boy has told jurors he is ` ` surprised '' by his mental health .
sir paul mccartney has topped the list of the 250 richest people in the uk , according to the daily telegraph .
a new guide to how to manage dog - walking on scottish land has been issued by landowners .
house prices in northern ireland rose by 5 % in the third quarter of this year , according to official figures .
a pre - inquest hearing into the shoreham air crash has been delayed until the end of the year .
can 's first goal of the season ensured liverpool 's hopes of a top - four finish at vicarage road .
an underground station in central london has reopened after a ` ` suspicious '' fire on the escalator .
the head of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that global growth is at risk .
a flood - damaged village in denbighshire will be ` ` as safe as possible '' , a council has said .
the parents of a british man accused of trying to join the so - called islamic state group have appeared in court .
four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a police car park in greater manchester .
us president - elect donald trump has said he does not understand why china 's ` ` one china '' policy has been scrapped .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was attacked in peterhead .
four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his home .
the european environment agency -lrb- eea -rrb- has warned that global temperatures are rising .
at the heroes ' day in zimbabwe 's capital harare , a small group of men are sitting outside the crowd .
he 's one of europe 's best - known football stars , ole gunnar solskjaer .
australia batsman ed warner has been given a one - match ban for punching england batsman joe root .
plans to build a scottish studio in inverness have been given the go - ahead by creative scotland .
tunisia 's new elections are set to be held on 26 january , with the first time in more than two years .
australian prime minister tony abbott has rejected an offer of a state funeral for cricket commentator richie benaud .
ospreys have signed lock rob mccusker from london irish on a two - year deal .
` ` it 's a dream come true , '' says tom , the company behind the new national living wage .
kyren wilson said he was ` ` gutted '' by playing the ` ` perfect match '' in his first ranking event .
brazilian prosecutors have arrested the former speaker of the lower house of congress , eduardo cunha , as part of a corruption investigation .
aston villa have signed striker jonathan kodjia from championship club bristol city for # 10.5 m.
exeter chiefs have signed jersey scrum - half nic white from jersey reds on a two - year deal .
disney 's moana has failed to box office supremacy in its opening weekend , taking $ 72.5 m -lrb- # 103 m -rrb- .
strictly come dancing star michael o'donnell has said he is ` ` worried '' after being voted off .
gateshead moved into the national league play - off places with a 2 - 1 win over wrexham .
one of the uk 's longest - running broadcaster , sw radio africa , has died , the bbc has learned .
st helens moved level on points with super league leaders catalans dragons with victory at catalans dragons .
the mother of moors murderer ian brady will not face charges over an alleged letter she gave to her mother .
a new exhibition has opened in liverpool to mark the 80th anniversary of the city 's first city centre .
treasure hunters have been telling newsround they do n't know that they 're safe .
a woman paralysed from the waist down has completed the great north run in front of her daughter .
a film about wales ' first foreign language film has won the top prize at an international film festival .
a new app has been launched to protect women from the risk of having having their periods , according to industry leaders .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of the united nations .
in india , the bbc 's m ilica pandey meets some of the quintessential quintessential quinchies .
england all - rounder jake ball has a ` ` taste of life '' with the new ball , according to nottinghamshire captain brendan read .
the scottish liberal democrats have said they will not agree to a budget deal if they do not agree on tax and spending .
a hen party had to be cancelled after getting into difficulty in the sea , the rnli has said .
human remains found near a house in east lothian have been identified as louise tiffney , police have said .
michael mooy 's second - half goal earned huddersfield town victory over leeds at elland road .
notts county have appointed ex - bbc journalist darren fletcher as the club 's new chief executive .
the boss of redrow , the uk 's largest housebuilder , has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the lack of planning permission .
the us has charged seven people accused of hacking into us infrastructure , including iran , in a series of attacks .
galatasaray have signed galatasaray forward abdelham belhanda on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
prime minister david cameron 's new government has scrapped the right to buy scheme for council houses and businesses .
the family of a boy who suffered brain injuries in a hospital have been awarded # 2.3 m in compensation .
the co - founder of the smiths has spoken of his ` ` disaffect '' relationship with morrissey .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
the batmobile has sold for $ 1.6 m -lrb- # 1.6 m -rrb- at auction in los angeles .
the home office has launched a legal challenge to the deportation of a british mother and her two daughters from nigeria .
andy murray 's rise to the top of the world rankings is an ` ` incredible achievement '' , says former world number one stephen henman .
china 's ma ying - jeou won gold in the men 's singles at the rio olympics .
kenya 's olympic marathon runner rita jeptoo has been given a two - year ban by athletics kenya .
league one side stevenage have signed everton midfielder james browning on loan until the end of the season .
north korea says it is ` ` strongly condemn '' the us missile strike that killed dozens of people in syria .
police in uganda have arrested a suspect in connection with the murder of a us prosecutor in kampala .
akzonobel , the dulux paint and paint owner , has rejected a takeover offer from rival ppg .
a 15-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year - old boy was stabbed to death in leeds .
manchester united 's title triumph at stamford bridge has been described as ` ` the best of the season '' .
a grant of $ 1.8 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.2 m -rrb- has been given to the organiser of a computer that was designed by the olpc .
a convicted drug dealer has been jailed for attempting to murder a fellow businessman in a row over a book .
video game maker valve has announced it will scrap a scheme to allow developers to release their own games .
a woman has been taken to hospital after a fire at her home in dumfries and galloway .
liverpool owner mohamed al hasawi hasawi hasawi is in talks to buy the club .
warrenpoint town will host ballinamallard united in the irish cup quarter - finals on monday night .
a couple in indonesia 's aceh province have been reunited with their families after they were falsely married .
a controlled explosion has been carried out at a beach on the isle of nairn coast after two pipe bombs were found .
a former soldier from londonderry has been arrested in connection with the bloody sunday commemoration in londonderry .
the bbc is to join forces with the creation of a new ` ` museum '' , it has been announced .
chris blackwell 's trainer chris eubank jr has offered the ibf world title to chris eubank .
a 90-year - old man has been reunited with a vintage car that was once home to his father .
northern ireland defender mark mcchrystal has signed a new two - year contract with premiership side crusaders .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched two new multi - billion - euro earth - observation satellites .
cardiff city moved to within a point of the championship play - off places as they were held to a draw by bristol city .
a british tourist has died after falling from a boat in the australian out of the sea , officials say .
french police have searched the headquarters of the right - right ump party -lrb- ump -rrb- in the capital , paris .
england head coach eddie jones has named four uncapped players in the pre - season camp .
police investigating the murder of a pensioner who was stabbed to death have said they want to trace three men .
plans for a multimillion - pound road project in west sussex have been criticised by councillors .
the uk anti - doping agency -lrb- ukad -rrb- says it is investigating claims team sky had been poisoned with banned injections .
it 's a time to find a cure for a rare form of muscular dystrophy .
south korea 's government has apologised after a scandal over the way the exam results were rejected .
the body of a dog has been pulled from the river tay in perthshire after falling into the water .
a man who filmed himself raping and sexually abusing two patients has been jailed for four years .
red bull 's max muller has apologised after qualifying for the final practice session of the new formula 1 season .
saudi arabia 's new head of state , sheikh obeikan , has been sacked by the country 's government .
edf , the owner of the big six big six energy firms , is to increase its dual - fuel electricity prices .
the number of enrolments at northern ireland 's fe colleges -lrb- fes -rrb- has fallen , according to official figures .
plans for a multi - million pound development in southampton have been submitted to the city 's council .
labour is to bring in a tougher penalties to companies and individuals who try to pay back taxes .
a man has been jailed for killing his ex - girlfriend with a single punch at a railway station .
when chinese disinte hsiao sits at a recycling centre in taiwan 's capital , taipei .
huddersfield town have signed wales under-20 midfielder tom james on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
labour 's manifesto for the uk 's general election manifesto has been a short - term ambition .
an inquest into the deaths of four teenagers who were killed in a car crash in powys has heard the driver was not doing enough .
the family of a british soldier killed in afghanistan have paid tribute to the ` ` fun - loving and caring person '' .
fox news has named mark abernethy and mark abernethy as its new chief executive , bob ailes .
the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- has appointed baroness campbell as its new chief executive .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in this year 's olympic games in rio de janeiro .
` ` it 's fair to tackle the issue of private practice , '' says the chief executive of nhs england .
the department for health -lrb- cdf -rrb- has announced a new system to pay for cancer drugs .
the lawyer for us fugitive us intelligence leaker edward snowden has asked for temporary asylum in moscow .
thieves who broke into a house in the highlands may have been allowed to use a car , police have said .
league one side oldham athletic have signed former crystal palace and northern ireland defender stephen kettings on a two - year deal .
a french mayor has signed a petition calling for a ban on ` ` secularism '' in schools .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell on thursday as investors reacted to a court ruling by us federal reserve officials .
spain 's left - wing party podemos and podemos are among four main parties hoping to form a left - wing coalition .
india 's cricket team will not be selected for this year 's champions trophy in may , the council has confirmed .
australia completed a 2 - 0 series win over india in the final of the three - match series in sydney .
wales scrum - half rhys webb says he is ` ` back up and running '' as he prepares to return from injury .
for the first time , the world 's first drug trial has been under way in a decade .
the duke of cambridge has given birth to a baby boy , the royal navy 's first official has said .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , there is no doubt that the government 's decision to leave .
dad - infant co - operation with children in the early stages of children 's social learning may be linked to father - infant conversations , researchers say .
england women 's footballer eniola aluko has been awarded # 40,000 in damages by the football association .
parks in england are ` ` at risk '' because of a lack of funding , mps say .
the scottish government is to invest more than # 2 m over the next five years to help cut costs of offshore wind turbines .
ukip has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the party 's decision to allow an assembly member to stand as a candidate .
a project to plant 400,000 native trees in memory of those killed in world war one has begun .
crystal palace extended their lead at the top of the premier league to five points with victory over everton .
aston villa have confirmed the departure of former aston villa and aston villa defender henry cowans on a two - year contract .
two police officers have been awarded the freedom of batley and spen after they chased labour mp jo cox .
it 's been a week since scotland 's first minister gave a speech to the prime minister .
fleetwood town have signed former wales defender ben davies on a two - year deal after he rejected a new contract with the league one club .
a record number of people have been convicted of animal abuse in the uk , the bbc has learned .
exeter chiefs moved level on points with premiership leaders wasps with a bonus - point win at the ricoh arena .
a campaign to raise awareness about the dangers of horse accidents in wales has been launched by the welsh assembly .
prime minister theresa may has left the european union in the early part of brexit talks , the bbc understands .
the number of exam papers being re - marked for re - marking and a - level results has increased , figures show .
an anti - corruption campaign has been launched in the eastern ukrainian city of zaporizhya .
a hospital in bristol is to become the first in the uk to offer a new register to help two babies who share blood .
london 's new street has been closed to the public for the first time since it was launched in 2009 .
at least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the somali capital mogadishu .
national league side notts county have signed notts county defender callum atkinson on loan until the end of the season .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has scrapped a planned ` ` rest chambers '' on a flight to the uk .
a five - year - old boy has become the first person to be investigated for child sexting .
us tech giant hewlett - packard has announced plans to cut 2,000 jobs as part of a restructuring plan .
lewis hamilton says he will ` ` pray and hope '' mercedes team orders to team - mate nico rosberg in sunday 's british grand prix .
ferrari 's kimi raikkonen headed a ferrari one - two in final practice at the spanish grand prix .
a pioneering windpipe transplant has been carried out by a university college in iceland , in what is thought to be the first in the world .
a pair of polar bears have been born together at a scottish wildlife park , it has been confirmed .
cardiff city manager russell slade says he would be ` ` confident '' of reaching the championship final .
spain 's kristina mladenovic and kristina mladenovic have won the wimbledon men 's doubles title .
oldham roughyeds have been knocked out of the sixth round of the challenge cup by hull kr .
hampshire 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter - finals were dented by hampshire at taunton .
the father of a woman found dead in a house fire in rhondda cynon taff has told an inquest how he kept a window open .
nato has said it is ` ` shocked '' by russia 's move to its exclave of kaliningrad .
australia 's prime minister malcolm turnbull has said he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to becoming a republic .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers praised his side 's resilience after their 2 - 0 win over west brom .
the un 's education minister has warned that the country faces a ` ` high price '' if it does not stand together to help tackle the refugee crisis .
the public prosecution service -lrb- pps -rrb- has confirmed that gerry adams will not face charges in connection with the 1972 murder of jean mcconville .
the number of people being cared for by council councils in england has reached its highest level since 2005 .
a major clean - up operation is under way to take place on the norfolk coast , where thousands of tonnes of waste are dumped .
two people have been charged with the manslaughter of a four - year - old boy who died in a lake .
millwall moved into the league one play - off places with a 2 - 1 win at shrewsbury .
a chinese retirement home has become the first in the world to be built in the country 's most remote region .
sunderland have appointed sam allardyce as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year contract .
cardiff city moved to within a point of the championship play - off places as they were held to a goalless draw by brentford .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in greater manchester on saturday night .
leicester tigers head coach danny murphy hopes the premiership play - off final will help boost the club 's chances of reaching the top four .
royal sun alliance is to close its headquarters in birmingham , with the loss of more than 200 jobs .
the uk 's first national air traffic control firm has said it expects to see a rise in traffic growth this summer .
batman 's new baddie bane , the dark knight rises , has received rave reviews from critics .
the public inquiry into the death of alexander litvinenko has opened in london , where he was poisoned .
two ambulances were involved in a collision with two cars in lincolnshire , police have said , after a crash .
russian opposition leader ramzan kasyanov has been criticised for threatening to kill the opposition leader in chechnya .
a woman who was refused a taxi from a carmarthenshire village has been told she can not get a taxi .
a judicial review is to be held into alleged abuse at kincora children 's home in belfast .
charlton athletic have appointed jose riga as their new head coach on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
a vicar accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl in greater manchester has said he will not be prosecuted .
anglo - welsh group old mutual has announced it is to split four of its major emerging markets .
uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the serbian football association and england over alleged racist abuse during the 2 - 1 win over serbia .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he wants to be a ` ` good friend '' at the club .
online gambling companies have been accused of ` ` breaking consumer law '' by the competition watchdog .
a list of scotland 's ` ` most significant '' war sites is to be put forward for inclusion in a national survey .
a campaign to change cardiff airport 's name to dylan thomas 's international airport has been launched .
an australian mining company has been fined [ UNK ] # 150,000 for the collapse of a sacred site in the northern state of darwin .
i ' ve been suffering from anorexia nervosa because of anorexia nervosa .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault .
a specialist team of specialist mental health services will be set up to help mothers and babies with mental health issues .
plans to build 35 new homes and flats on a site in norwich have been submitted to the council .
the government has been accused by the government of ` ` meddling '' with the bbc 's schedule of its programmes .
twitter user jeremy vine has spoken of his distress after he was attacked by bullies at the weekend .
a new zealand woman has become the first in the world to marry a same - sex partner .
jordan williams ' brace helped barrow reach the second round of the fa cup at holker street .
the russian government 's decision to launch a missile strike on syria 's northern city of aleppo on tuesday was a ` ` war crime '' .
an investigation has been launched after a pupil was stabbed in a playground in dumfries and galloway .
police are investigating allegations of match - fixing in the nrl -lrb- nrl -rrb- .
the inaugural women 's cricket super league -lrb- wcsl -rrb- has been announced .
an australian woman who claims she was sexually harassed by her boss has claimed that she had sex with her boss .
hampshire 's hopes of avoiding relegation from division one were dented by durham 's batting collapse .
a nobel prize - winning artist has been awarded an honorary degree by a university of oxford university .
scotland 's ashley brace will fight for the vacant wbc super - bantamweight title at the sse arena on saturday .
england all - rounder jos buttler has signed a new one - year contract with lancashire .
celtic recorded their first league win of the season with a comfortable 4 - 0 win over partick thistle .
world number one mark selby says he does not feel under pressure after reaching the quarter - finals of the uk championship .
tom st aubyn 's short - selling novel lost for words has won this year 's hay festival .
a former labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to possessing indecent images of children at a party conference .
here 's your questions about the aftermath of the nepal earthquake , which killed 11,000 people .
glenavon have been given a three - match ban by the football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- for failing to control the pitch at the ballymena united ground .
england 's under-20s coach chris ashworth has backed the football association 's decision to drop players into the squad .
a ` ` crannog '' village in monmouthshire is thought to be the oldest in wales .
the prince of wales has taken part in a series of diamond jubilee events in the caribbean as he visited guyana .
a dog that was shot in the head by police is recovering from a life - threatening injury .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has said he does not want to be killed if he does n't do anything wrong .
belfast giants have signed experienced canadian defenceman corey johner on a two - year deal from orlando storm .
a gym in edinburgh is set to reopen next year after being forced to leave by a lease .
firefighters have been tackling a major blaze at a derelict building in the scottish borders in the early hours .
it 's been a busy week for social media users to ask whether to replace jeremy clarkson as prime minister .
the world 's worst record for breastfeeding in the world has fallen , according to a new report .
world number one novak djokovic is out of the french open semi - finals after losing to serena williams in straight sets .
luke procter 's unbeaten century helped lancashire fight back against hampshire on day one at old trafford .
a man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the high court he was ` ` obsessed '' with the internet .
great britain 's 4x400 m relay team captain wayne rooney says he would love to be presented at next month 's diamond league .
police in the us state of washington say they have arrested two people accused of raping a taxi driver with a knife .
more than 50 firefighters are tackling a wildfire in the republic of ireland , which has been described as ` ` deliberate '' .
australia batsman steve smith has been named as captain of the team for the final test against england in sydney .
london mayor boris johnson has said he would be ` ` best off staying in parliament '' if the conservatives win the election .
former swansea city manager jose mourinho is set to play in the mls side next season .
a father who took his children on holiday in term time has launched a crowdfunding campaign for legal fees .
a campaign to remove the mascot of skegness ' jolly fisherman has been backed by a campaign group .
a community fund has been set up to help syrian refugees living in the north east to help them cope with the influx of refugees .
saudi arabia 's king salman has replaced the interior ministry as part of a major overhaul of the security agency .
a french court has sentenced a french writer to three years in jail for subverting the constitution .
plans for a new permanent gypsy and traveller site in skegness have been rejected by a council .
dj calvin harris is to host this year 's glastonbury festival , it has been announced .
the uk 's main tv channels are struggling to pay for public service broadcasting , ofcom has said .
thousands of offenders in england and wales do not do unpaid work , a watchdog has said , as part of an inspection report .
moeen ali 's unbeaten century helped england to a five - wicket win over south africa in the first test in durban .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire which has led to the closure of a hospital .
british number one johanna konta 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the wuhan open were ended by a 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 4 win over czech lukas rosol .
a statue of the late comedian frank sidebottom has been unveiled in the village of timperley .
derby county striker darren bent says his side 's championship play - off hopes are ` ` not a real confidence '' .
ryan farquhar has been airlifted to hospital after being involved in a crash at the north west 200 .
an optometrist accused of manslaughter over the death of a six - year - old boy has gone on trial .
northern ireland 's environment agency has said it is ` ` shocked '' that the government has taken a serious cut in its budget .
more than half of england 's councils have not done enough to buy homes , the charity shelter says .
scotland 's first minister has said the scottish government is ` ` realistic '' with a separate immigration policy .
mickey demetriou 's brace helped newport county beat yeovil town in league two .
league one side southend united have signed aston villa defender suliman on loan until the end of the season .
women 's super league one club sunderland ladies have signed england under-23 international goalkeeper helen laws .
wakefield trinity ran in seven tries as they beat castleford tigers at the kcom arena to reach the challenge cup final .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in hampshire .
israel 's high court has halted elections in the occupied west bank , which were due to be held in march .
the family of a man who died after battling cancer have said they are ` ` shocked '' by the response to a new appeal .
tributes have been paid to a former rugby coach who died after a car crash in angus on saturday .
celtic ended inverness caledonian thistle 's hopes of reaching the scottish cup quarter - finals with a 3 - 0 win .
egypt have named a 23-man squad for this year 's africa cup of nations in gabon .
a water treatment plant in the us state of new york is being asked to investigate the cause of an ` ` inky '' leak .
spain 's miguel pedrosa won the motogp world title for the first time since 2003 .
gloucester city director of football richard hughes says he will not return to the club if they do not return .
changes to the isle of wight 's troubled chain ferry service have been described as ` ` a milestone '' .
three chemical explosions at a warehouse in china 's northern city of tianjin have killed at least 13 people , chinese officials say .
the last surviving artist of sir winston churchill 's art collection has been accepted by the national trust .
whisky seized from a shipwreck in the western isles has been sold for # 1,000 .
portugal has become the first country in the world to allow descendants of sephardic jews to seek a passport .
the number of fire engines in suffolk could be cut by # 1.3 m to # 1 .
league one side bury have signed former bolton wanderers midfielder jon rachubka on a two - year contract .
the department for education -lrb- strb -rrb- has called for a 1 % increase in teacher pay to be made in the next parliament .
a man accused of murdering surjit singh chhokar has been ordered to apologise after a witness accused him of lying .
wales scrum - half ken owens says it would be ` ` a debate '' if italy are relegated from the six nations .
plans to redevelop part of oxford 's west end community centre have been submitted to the city council .
a body found in woodland in north lanarkshire is that of a missing teenager , police have said .
the trial of a us woman accused of killing her four - year - old son in 2003 has been halted .
sir vince cable has said he is ` ` encouraged '' to buy a controlling stake in tata 's uk operations .
environmental groups have called on the scottish government to introduce new regulations for tackling climate change in scotland .
more than a third of people have been caught by a malicious extension , a study by google has found .
it 's one of the world 's most famous stars , but it 's a massive stunt .
more than 20,000 gps in wales were in their last year , according to new figures .
a taxi driver who was jailed for four years for raping a passenger has resigned from his council .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` delighted '' to get manchester united midfielder rojo sent off .
lee foderingham says he is ` ` upset and frustrated '' at rangers ' treatment of scott sinclair .
an investigation has been launched after a number of reported sightings of dozens of people living on a beach in brighton .
a reconstructed image of a man who lived more than 30 years ago is to go on public display .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo reflects on the challenges facing ugandan president yoweri museveni .
ireland wing jack heaslip is set to return to action in the six nations opener against wales on saturday .
campaigners opposing plans to close libraries in west yorkshire have said they will be ` ` drinking alcohol '' .
` ` criminal damage '' have been caused by a parish church in north - eastern england .
bayer leverkusen goalkeeper joe schmidt has been given a two - match ban by the bundesliga 's disciplinary committee .
scientists in japan have discovered the world 's first drug to treat malaria and other diseases in the 1970s .
a former police officer has been jailed for sexually assaulting a young girl under 13 and making indecent images of children .
an israeli man who was shot dead by security forces in tel aviv on tuesday has been named by police .
a consortium of companies has agreed to take part in a # 1.2 bn funding deal for nhs services in staffordshire .
a group of volunteers are helping to save the lives of some of the world 's rare mammals .
the annual twelfth of july fire festival in beltane , county down , has been held at the weekend .
three people have been charged in connection with the death of a 24-year - old palestinian man who was beaten by a mob .
four men have admitted their part in the hatton garden raid , which led to the collapse of a safe deposit box .
a surrey - based weather forecasting firm has expanded its operations in the north - west of england .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the uk 's counter - extremism strategy is to be introduced to counter - extremism .
organisers of the british horseracing association have backed a plan to allow racing on good friday .
a teenage girl who was born on an air ambulance flight has been named as a cabin crew member .
harlequins back - rower alex cheesman has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
midfielders cesc fabregas and cesc de de de cepetegui have been named in spain 's squad for euro 2016 .
a double - decker double - decker bus has been badly damaged in a fire in bishopsgate .
three people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in brighton city centre .
the fossilised remains of a new species of dinosaur have been discovered by a team of scientists in australia .
the department of foreign affairs has said it is ` ` extremely disappointing '' that a scheme to verify irish heritage has failed .
myanmar 's deputy prime minister has admitted selling a fake university degree , after he admitted selling it .
facebook has said it is charging users of its video streaming service snapchat for the first time .
if you 're trying to find a ` ` bad guy '' , then you 're looking for a flower .
venezuela 's military says it has lifted the curfew imposed on the city of san cristobal .
police are investigating the death of a 34-year - old man at his home in east dunbartonshire .
scotland 's top law officer has called for the uk to stay a fully committed member of the european union .
olympic gold medallist jessica ennis - hill has been made an mbe in the new year honours list .
a school coach has applied for the football association 's new job as england manager , with the option of a year .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused the european union of undermining its ties with israel .
an indian man has said he fears for his life after he was beaten up by a man who tried to stop him being beaten up .
sale sharks winger denny solomona is a ` ` legend '' , says head coach stephen monye .
a bus driver has died after being involved in a collision with a private ambulance in north east yorkshire .
he 's one of the world 's best - known and best - known taekwondo stars .
a 19-year - old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers who were hit by a car .
a man has been sacked for failing to respond to a fire which killed an elderly woman in plymouth .
scunthorpe united have signed defender richard osbourne on a one - month loan from league one side scunthorpe united .
it 's one of the most important challenges in delivering wind turbine parts on the roads of scotland .
gordon matheson is to be the new leader of the scottish city of glasgow , it has been announced .
aberdeen have signed liverpool goalkeeper ryan mclaughlin on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
belfast boxer barry hearn is set to fight for the wbc world bantamweight title at london 's sse arena on saturday .
the father of a 15-year - old girl in mexico has said he is ` ` cordially invited '' to a birthday party .
sinn [ UNK ] 's gerry poots has said he is ` ` ready to work with sinn [ UNK ] '' in northern ireland .
great britain 's jon dasaolu won the men 's 100 m at the world athletics championships in doha .
britain 's paul smith has lost his wbo super - middleweight title fight with germany 's arthur zeuge in germany .
the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his home is an ` ` enduring heartache '' , police have said .
sinn [ UNK ]  in northern ireland deputy first minister martin mcguinness has offered the position of justice minister to the stormont executive .
nhs trusts in england are set to be # 2.2 bn in the next year , official figures show .
a victorian reception house has been awarded grade ii * - listed status for allowing families to keep their relatives .
a four - year - old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car , police have said .
the uk 's first satellite - generation satellite , 21at , has been released to china .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
formula 1 's governing body has said it will be ` ` unfair '' to test the design of the ` ` halo '' design .
dan evans was knocked out of the australian open in the first round as he lost to american sam querrey .
for the past five years , poundland has become the latest high - profile supermarket to buy chocolates .
the us says it will send 3,000 russian - capacity missiles to syria to help restore the country 's fortunes .
a man has been arrested in connection with a hit - and - run crash in hamilton , police have said .
this week 's open day in the netherlands is a hot topic for students from the university of groningen .
the authorities in lebanon say they have arrested several saudi citizens in connection with a massive drug smuggling operation .
more than 70 years ago , thousands of black people were among those who fought in world war two .
great britain 's winter sports are set to receive more funding from uk sport , the bbc understands .
dylan groenewegen has become the first briton to win the tour de yorkshire in a sprint finish .
a school in hampshire has closed its doors to the end of the year because of a shortage of single sex teaching .
england seamer james tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket at the age of 34 .
a woman who lost three friends in an explosion at a wood treatment plant has been awarded an award .
the bank of england 's new banking rules have been proposed by the uk 's financial stability board .
a video game dedicated to mexican wrestling has been released by the organisers of the world 's biggest licensing agency .
tranmere rovers have signed welling defender ben jefford on loan until the end of the season .
two climbers from st kilda have been able to climb two of the uk 's most remote islands .
british vogue editor edward enninful has been named as the new editor of british fashion 's british vogue .
sri lanka batsman kumar sangakkara has become the first man to score a century in test cricket .
australia 's prime minister tony abbott has criticised the country 's ` ` brutal '' anti - terrorism policy .
the uk 's ` ` most important '' fighter planes are to be unearthed in burma , the government has said .
us secretary of state hillary clinton has urged egypt 's government to reaffirm its support to the muslim brotherhood .
surrey leapfrogged warwickshire into second place in the county championship with a three - wicket win over warwickshire .
police are investigating the disappearance of a 79-year - old car in hertfordshire more than 20 years ago .
the french president , nicolas sarkozy , is a former adviser to french president nicolas sarkozy .
thousands of customers in ulster bank have been left out of pocket due to a computer glitch .
scientists at the lhcb have discovered a new type of particles that could be detected in the same way .
more than 1,000 new homes are to be built in scotland as part of an expansion drive .
uganda 's military has said it will resume fighting in south sudan to stop the ` ` worst genocide '' in the country .
two midwives have been accused of failing to make a patient who died after being ill at a hospital .
stranraer manager brian reid has left the club by mutual consent , the club have confirmed .
a car bomb has exploded in the centre of the turkish city of istanbul , killing at least one person and injuring another .
in the belgian city of mohali , the bbc 's geeta pandey assesses security at this year 's sporting events .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the world cup suffered a blow as they were beaten by south africa .
la liga strugglers deportivo la coruna have sacked manager alexis sanchez after only two months in charge .
iceland 's government has unveiled a bill that would ban companies and institutions from working on equal pay .
a care home has been rated ` ` unsatisfactory '' by the health watchdog .
a man has been arrested after police were called to a block of flats in south - west london .
the body of a scottish man who went missing in india has been found , the foreign office has confirmed .
a man who committed burglaries in manchester has been given a 12-month ban .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says he does not expect any cash - strapped deal to sign michael o'kane .
the scottish cup quarter - final between rangers and celtic was a huge achievement for the first time .
british gymnast josh bevan has been ruled out of the 2016 olympics after breaking his leg in training .
eighteen people have been arrested in a series of raids on properties in the north west , police have said .
england wicketkeeper - batsman ben stokes says he is ` ` looking forward '' to playing in the test series against west indies .
stuart pearce has signed for forest green rovers on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ospreys wing hallam amos is set to miss the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
india beat sri lanka by seven runs in a rain - affected second test in galle .
a man who secretly recorded women and children in a shopping centre in falkirk has been convicted of fraud .
a teenager who was sexually assaulted by two men who forced him to sell drugs has been jailed for 12 years .
the scottish government is to hold a debate on whether to investigate claims that police scotland breached spying rules .
the new chief executive of royal mail , the company that owns the uk 's parent company , has been named by the bbc .
plans to drill for shale gas in nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council to oppose fracking .
artist david hockney has told an inquest that he was ` ` completely horrified '' to find a workman who died after drinking alcohol .
the family of a french student who has been missing for more than a week have appealed for information .
plans to build a new power plant in norfolk have been submitted to the county council in a bid to cut costs .
a chatbot designed to help syrian refugee families has become the first in the world to use it .
the number of children living in poverty in wales is at record levels , a charity has said , despite a rise in demand for a national living wage .
mark ronson and mars have been added to the cover of the hit single single single , which was originally published .
tristram hunt is calling for a cross - party review of the education system in england .
more than 100 cruise liners were cancelled last year because of bad weather , the harbour master has said .
enniskillen ciecilia and ciecilia ciecilia helped ireland beat zimbabwe in their opening match of the icc women 's world twenty20 qualifier in bangkok .
the results of this year 's gcse and a - year - old gcse results in the national statistics agency -lrb- ofqual .
an amateur athletics club has been told it is ` ` extremely saddened '' by the club 's decision to evict mo farah .
twenty - eight children have been evacuated from a ` ` vulnerable '' camp where they are being cared for .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi dweud bod cyngor yng nghymru .
comedian russell brand has been accused of hypocrisy by newsbeat of ` ` hypocrisy '' .
league one side peterborough united have sacked manager graham westley after saturday 's 2 - 0 defeat by scunthorpe .
peterborough manager grant mccann says he is ` ` devastated '' for the recovery of his foot and broken his leg .
a grade ii - listed building in stoke - on - trent is to be turned into an exhibition centre .
nottingham forest manager mark warburton says the club need a ` ` tight '' squad for next season .
spain 's mailutyte set a new world record in the women 's 200 m individual medley at the european championships .
us aircraft maker boeing has reported a drop in sales in the third quarter of the year as demand for its commercial planes continues .
a light aircraft has been grounded at edinburgh airport after declaring a technical fault with the aircraft on standby .
schools in england are being judged to be ` ` under - performing '' by new gcse results .
the church of wales ' first female bishop has said she was ` ` shocked '' by the decision to allow women to become clergy .
howler monkeys appear to be bigger than the size of the hyoid bone , a study suggests .
australian prime minister tony abbott has said he is ` ` working hard '' to fight the government 's expenses scandal .
the mother of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a car has asked for changes to the speed limit .
a fire has broken out at a house in east sussex , forcing the closure of the main roads .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said the ` ` vicious circle of militarisation '' is ` ` closed forever '' .
world number one lydia ko shot a three - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the women 's major .
scotland 's politicians have been responding to news that the glasgow bin lorry crash which killed six people .
irn bru maker ag barr has announced plans to cut the amount of sugar in its range .
ed ball is to host this year 's olivier awards , which will be announced later this month .
gatwick airport has reported a rise in profits for the first time in more than two years , helped by a jump in profits .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his home .
an appeal has been launched to raise funds for the restoration of a cheltenham town 's oldest warehouse .
luton town have signed southend united striker josh pigott on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the duke of york has denied allegations of impropriety with under - age children are ` ` categorically untrue '' .
lauren williams says she has ` ` added pressure '' to her career after winning gold at the european taekwondo championships .
chinese artist ai weiwei has accused lego of ` ` anti - semitism and discrimination '' .
first minister carwyn jones is to launch an independent review into the handling of the historical abuse scandal .
matt stevens scored a hat - trick as essex dominated essex on day two of their division two match at canterbury .
the uk 's garden market is a ` ` disproportionate '' , says british gardeners 's world broadcaster monty don .
twenty - eight athletes from the rio olympics have been charged with doping offences by the sport 's governing body .
the trailer for the new james bond film spectre has been released by fans of the first time .
it 's the idea that older people do n't want to use a tablet or tablet .
rangers have raised more than # 23.2 m in a bid to buy new shares in the club .
plans to build a 600 ft -lrb- 183 m -rrb- tower in wrexham have been approved by councillors .
a football club has become the first in the uk to stop selling meat burgers from its menu .
a 33-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in dublin .
hibernian leapfrogged hearts into second place in the scottish championship with a comfortable win at bonnyrigg park .
police could be allowed to stop and searched for people without a match tickets at the champions league in cardiff .
thousands of fans trying to get tickets to leicester city 's premier league game against tottenham have complained of delays .
burton albion goalkeeper scott mclaughlin is among seven players released by the league one club , including captain darren mclaughlin .
an inquest into the death of a man who tried to save his son from drowning has been adjourned .
the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said there is ` ` anxiety '' about moving jobs out of newport .
plans to build a ` ` wave garden '' in north wales have been approved by the welsh government .
a woman has been charged over the death of a pedestrian who was hit by a car in a shopping centre .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found on a beach in county antrim .
glasgow warriors head coach andy murray says he is confident his side can beat scarlets in the pro12 final .
cameroon reached the semi - finals of the toulon tournament with a 2 - 0 win over cameroon .
england 's justin rose is three shots behind leader rickie fowler going into the final round of the us open .
england head coach paul hartley says his side have ` ` made history '' after a 3 - 0 series whitewash in australia .
the trial of a man accused of shooting dead a us judge in utah has been adjourned .
a hospital trust in cumbria has been placed in special measures after being placed into special measures by health inspectors .
more than half of england 's schools are set to become a free school in the next year , figures show .
the raf 's red arrows team will be axed , defence secretary sir michael fallon has said .
up to 70 jobs could be lost at one of scotland 's largest recording firms , it has been confirmed .
childhood reading for pleasure is boosting the language , according to a study by the uk 's leading scientists .
two men have admitted the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a lorry .
the queen has been in edinburgh for the first time in more than 30 years , it has emerged .
the price of carbon permits -lrb- c02 -rrb- has fallen for the first time since the recession of the year .
oil prices have risen to a record level for the first time since the beginning of the year in may .
a man has died after a light aircraft crash at an airfield in county down on saturday afternoon afternoon .
plans to reopen two guernsey 's high schools have been delayed until next year , the government has said .
a peregrine falcon has died after being found in a quarry in north wales , police have said .
michael phelps has become the first american to win the world para - athletes 100 m breaststroke title .
the mother of a baby born with incurable disease has called for gps to stop providing a specialist formula .
cuba is one of the world 's best - known countries , with its reputation as a state of poverty .
tottenham manager antonio conte says he is ` ` not a tragedy '' if they do not win the premier league .
northern ireland 's mark foster missed out on a place in the women 's 800 m semi - finals at the commonwealth games in glasgow .
three women in their 70s have been threatened with a gun during a robbery at a house in west belfast .
work has started on a # 3.5 m beach to open a new # 1.2 m sea attraction .
an australian man who survived six days without water has said he is ` ` lucky '' to be alive .
judy murray and judy montgomerie have criticised plans for a new golf and tennis centre in stirling .
world number one jordan spieth is three shots off the lead heading into the final round of the arnold palmer invitational in florida .
one direction have released their first single , drag me down , in the first week of the year .
plastic fivers are a plastic fiver that can survive a spin in the plastic fiver pocket .
david cameron has called for scotland to be ` ` at the heart of the debate '' on devolution .
national league side gateshead united have re - signed former gateshead and gateshead defender chris gray .
st johnstone defender shay logan has signed a new three - year contract at pittodrie , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
a new way to protect against a pandemic virus has been developed by scientists in the us .
the number of people diagnosed with syphilis in london has increased by more than a third in five years .
zanzibar 's electoral commission has scrapped a controversial election on the island of zanzibar .
it 's one of the most memorable moments in the history of england 's test cricket , and it 's easy to forget .
the families of eight british men killed by british forces in malaysia have lost an appeal against a uk government inquiry .
the owners of one of the uk 's largest oil rigs -lrb- mca -rrb- , which ran aground last month , have paid compensation .
the town of cumbernauld has become the first scottish town to win the carbuncle awards .
london underground -lrb- tfl -rrb- is to set up a special police force to tackle anti - social behaviour on the night tube .
poland is the world 's fastest - growing media market , with more than 20 million people living in the media .
the government has announced it is to reintroduce the uk 's free and fair trade .
the south korean government says it will take steps to recover the sewol ferry that capsized last week .
careers wales is to be axed as part of a ` ` strategic review '' with the welsh government .
it 's fair to say that it 's the worst episode of this year 's strictly come dancing .
iran 's government has banned access to social media accounts in an attempt to comply with a new law .
police in the us state of texas say they have arrested a man accused of shooting and killing two indian tourists .
the sheriff 's office has accused the us justice department of ` ` mischaracterising '' efforts to improve the state 's prison system .
black friday is the busiest online shopping day of the year in the uk , according to industry data .
the met office has warned of a ` ` strong storm '' as it continues to sweep across wales .
a new lifeguard boat has been taken from a college in the vale of glamorgan to help save the lifeguard .
a ` ` temporary '' look - out tower at the top of the isle of wight castle is to be restored to the public .
the european union 's chief brexit negotiator has told the bbc he will move thousands of bankers from london to paris .
tony bellew says he will not fight tony bellew for the ibf heavyweight title next month .
organisers of the derry fleadh have said they will not bid again to host the event again .
hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker conor sammon from derby county for # 1.2 m.
newsbeat 's new series atlantis has been turned into a ` ` dark side '' in the wake of the show 's first series .
charles wallace , the last of the great victorians , has died at the age of 87 . .
manchester united have confirmed they will not appeal against the transfer of goalkeeper david de gea to real madrid .
the premier league 's top four clubs have signed a new deal with the company that aims to improve the quality of their players .
manchester city 's champions league semi - final against real madrid at the san siro on wednesday will be the venue for the first time .
australia 's jamala has won this year 's eurovision song contest , beating russia and australia .
st mirren 's hopes of reaching the scottish cup quarter - finals were dented by ayr united .
labour leadership candidate andy burnham has said he is ` ` confident '' the party will end its long wait for a leadership contest .
a city centre museum is to be turned into a ` ` world - class museum '' for the first time .
the oscar - winning actor sean harris was the latest star of the big talking about his performance in the us .
the royal zoo of scotland has said it is ` ` concerned '' that its polar bear cub is pregnant .
the mother of pop star lily allen has said she was ` ` shocked and upset '' by the way he stalked her .
a bid to stop the sale of a 4,000-year - old statue in northampton has been halted .
scott quigley 's first - half goal helped livingston overcome livingston in the scottish league one play - off final .
wakefield trinity wildcats prop chris simon has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
wakefield trinity wildcats prop luke aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
former labour leader ed miliband has urged all young voters to register to vote in the eu referendum .
us e - commerce giant walmart has agreed a deal to buy the chinese e - commerce firm yihaodian .
pakistan 's parliament has passed a new national law to protect muslim women from discrimination and religious persecution .
bus firm stagecoach has announced plans to double - decker buses and buses for the next financial year .
the prime minister has said he is ` ` open to all options '' to the government 's plan to ban eu migrants from working in the uk .
mps are set to vote on whether sir philip green should be stripped of his knighthood , the bbc understands .
for many of the world 's best - known manufacturers , the eye - catching eye - sharing eye - catching eye - catching eye - sharing and eyewear supplier essilorluxoozer .
the united arab emirates para - athlete abdullah hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole .
new york city 's mayor has signed a bill aimed at stopping topless performers from entering the city .
japanese messaging app line is set to put its shares on the stock market in tokyo , the company has announced .
at least 30 people have been killed in a ` ` human trafficking '' trailer in the us state of texas .
prime minister david cameron has said he is ` ` absolutely clear '' that china has not changed its policy towards tibet .
waiting times in accident and emergency units in england are being missed by a&e waiting time target .
britain 's chris froome maintained his overall lead at the tour de france by winning stage 14 .
thousands of chilean airport staff have joined a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pensions and pensions .
g4s , one of the uk 's largest payments processing companies , has reported a rise in profits .
great britain 's max walz won olympic gold in the men 's kayak 500 m kayak double .
thousands of elderly people are waiting longer than six weeks for a council care assessment , according to a charity .
gaia cunningham has won this year 's queen 's prize for her book about climate change .
the chicago cubs have won the baseball world series for the first time in more than 50 years , and they will not be the same again .
one of northern ireland 's largest financial analysis firms , first derivatives , made a pre - tax profit of # 3.6 m in 2014 .
india 's parliament has passed a new law to bring tougher punishments to children under the age of 18 .
a metal detectorist who discovered an anglo - saxon gold pendant in a field has been named treasure .
liverpool have rejected a bid from liverpool for raheem sterling from manchester city for an undisclosed fee .
wales captain warren gatland says he is ` ` excited '' about the impact of shane williams ' late try against australia .
the culture secretary john whittingdale has been appointed to lead the government 's press regulator .
a team of adventurers from north america are travelling to the north - western state of alaska .
england prop mako vunipola has been ruled out of the six nations with a knee injury .
a man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery in ballymena , police have said .
great britain 's louis smith has been reprimanded by british gymnastics after a video emerged of him appearing to mock islam .
barcelona 's luis suarez has been given a 12-match ban by the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- .
two us dentists have been charged in zimbabwe over the killing of a lion in zimbabwe last month .
a chinese woman who claims she was forced to undergo facial surgery to change her face has won compensation .
two men have been arrested in germany in connection with the killing of dozens of government workers in syria .
women 's super league one club yeovil town ladies have signed striker heatherson on a two - year contract .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in east london .
stuart mccloskey has signed a new contract with ulster , keeping him at kingspan stadium until 2020 .
the family of a woman who was taken to hospital by a hospital trust have apologised after a lack of hospital beds .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after getting into difficulty while swimming in a beauty spot .
it 's a week since the uk voted to leave the european union - and it 's easy to forget that it 's going to go .
elections in iraq 's capital baghdad are set to be held on thursday , despite the partial results of the elections .
a new exhibition has opened in nottingham to mark the achievements of sprinter richard whitehead , who has won the 2016 paralympic games .
reading defender rory mcanuff says he would not be offered a place at the end of the season .
the welsh government 's new budget is set to be unveiled later this year , bbc wales understands .
sports direct 's sports direct owner mike ashley has been asked to attend a meeting with an mp .
prime minister theresa may 's brexit stance could be ` ` politically explosive '' for northern ireland , a former minister has said .
the government has announced plans to allow farmers to manage their own ditches and clear their own land .
more than 1,000 surfers are expected to flock to portugal to try to set a new world record .
lifeguards will be deployed to a beach where five men drowned in the summer , a councillor has said .
a huge hoard of gold coins has been found on a beach in northern israel , experts say .
wasps head coach eddie jones is set to make a short - term approach to the england squad for the autumn tests .
the green party has called for a ban on the use of sanitary products to be introduced to schools .
using human cells to grow into a human body is being trialled by a team of surgeons in swansea .
a group of teenage performers who were attacked by a gang of youths have said they will not return to the town next year .
the us has charged a man accused of trying to travel to pakistan to fight against us forces in pakistan .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has agreed to freeze all university tuition fees in 2016 , the country 's universities .
a new search and rescue operation has been carried out by the coastguard in the highlands and islands .
the world 's largest bouncy castle has been set for the first time in 20 years .
reve de sivola won the king george vi and queen elizabeth stakes at glorious goodwood .
volkswagen has delayed sales of its cars in the first half of the year as it continues to cope with the emissions scandal .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the ` ` quirkier '' nature of south africa .
bayern munich remain on course for a place in the champions league semi - finals after beating bayern munich in a thrilling semi - final .
two men have been jailed for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his home in brighton .
aberdeen chairman david milne has defended plans for a new stadium on the outskirts of the scottish league one .
down maintained their 100 % start to the division two season with a 1 - 12 to 0 - 14 win over meath at croke park .
irish travellers living in the republic of ireland are genetically apart from the travelling community , according to new research .
bolton midfielder ben howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a groin injury .
a flintshire man has admitted threatening to shoot police officers on the river dee in a bid to kill officers .
a concert by singer liza minnelli has been cancelled because of a dispute with a pro - independence group .
a turkish journalist has been shot dead in the capital , ankara , after being shot by a gunman .
libya 's bid to host the 2017 africa cup of nations has been delayed because of ongoing conflict in libya .
somerset all - rounder corey anderson has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- 's first black president , barack obama , has delivered a speech at the assembly .
a police officer has been jailed for three years after pleading guilty to downloading indecent images of children .
the scottish government has urged landowners to take ` ` swift action '' to protect the existence of wild beavers .
castleford tigers have won the super league grand final for the first time since 2004 after beating wakefield trinity .
french authorities have begun an investigation into the eviction of a roma -lrb- gypsy -rrb- camp in paris .
tom hanks and tom hanks are set to star in a remake of the film ghostbusters .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani ponders why chicken is growing growing in africa .
former indycar driver justin wilson has died after being involved in a crash at the us grand prix .
scottish boxer josh taylor has a ` ` phenomenal force '' to fight for a world title , according to his trainer .
australia paceman adam johnson says he would like to see his side return to test cricket in the first test against england .
organisers of this year 's cultural festival in london say they were unaware of the event 's ` ` marketing issues '' .
ricky burns was the only scottish boxer to win a world title when he returned to the ring on saturday .
the first phase of the hs2 high - speed rail project has been unveiled by the government .
wales ' hopes of reaching the six nations quarter - finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by scotland .
fifa president gianni infantino has proposed a plan to allow the bidding to host the 2022 world cup .
hampshire batsman michael carberry has been forced to retire from pre - season training after recovering from cancer .
chinese carmaker baidu has said it will ban self - driving cars on its roads by 2020 .
teachers are calling for the government to end the practice of female circumcised -lrb- fgm -rrb- .
a team of researchers in taiwan say they have discovered a new species of spider that can track down prey .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of a suffragette jailed for her role in a plot to kill prime minister .
china 's first test space laboratory , which was designed by china , is set to burn up during falling .
the number of people trespassing on railway tracks in wales has increased by more than a third in the past year .
a man has been found guilty of killing his ex - girlfriend with a single punch .
chris ashton scored two tries as saracens eased past bath to move level on points with premiership leaders toulon .
holidaymakers in cumbria are being urged to take a positive campaign on the roads after storm desmond hit the county .
new pictures have been released by the us space agency 's new mapping mission -lrb- ceres -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of healthcare in africa .
south africa 's biggest brewer , ab inbev , has said it has reached an agreement with rival ab inbev .
the family of a missing airman have said they are ` ` devastated '' by his disappearance .
a man has been found dead in a house fire in county fermanagh , police have said .
a plan to cut the amount of black bags is being considered by pembrokeshire council to save money .
the syrian government says it will launch a ` ` fight '' against government forces in response to a surge in attacks by rebels .
if you 're going to university this autumn , you would have to pay back more than # 30,000 a year , a think tank says .
ospreys were held to a draw by racing 92 in the european champions cup quarter - final .
greg cummins earned st johnstone their first scottish premiership win of the season against hamilton academical at st johnstone .
holiday firm tui group has said it is ` ` deeply shocked '' that its customers were killed in the terror attack in tunisia .
a camera designed to catch speeding motorists has become the first in the uk to get a speed limit .
a referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu should be held on a different date , plaid cymru has said .
two men have been jailed for defrauding businesses and businesses of thousands of pounds in fake advertising .
craig gordon says he has no ` ` bigger incentive '' to keep his place at the top of the scottish premiership .
a pair of smart glasses have been designed to help blind people in the uk with the help of blind people .
uk manufacturers are less optimistic about leaving the european union , according to a survey of british manufacturers -lrb- cbi -rrb- .
us president - elect donald trump has announced the departure of the trans pacific partnership -lrb- tpp -rrb- .
atletico madrid won the spanish super league title for the first time this season as they were held to a draw by barcelona .
scotland 's first plastic banknotes are to be made into circulation in the uk later this month .
the republic of ireland 's economy grew at 0.5 % in 2014 , official figures show .
scientists are turning to artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- to help them find a breakthrough in the fight against a disease .
as the government considers whether cannabis should be legalised , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has learned .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been told they will fall ` ` soon '' , the uk 's military says .
leicester tigers scrum - half benjamin is set to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the government has been accused of ` ` grave miscarriages '' over the use of a # 1,000 tax charge .
aston villa manager eric black says he will not be considered for selection for saturday 's game against bournemouth .
india 's football has become the first country in more than 50 years , but it has been a dream come true .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was attacked by a man in falkirk .
the berlin philharmonic orchestra is to re - appoint its new chief conductor after a long - running meeting .
a man in his 30s has been found dead in dublin city centre , police have said , after a post - mortem examination .
beyonce has become the first artist ever to win the grammy awards , beating adele and beyonce 's record .
two paintings by adolf hitler have been sold at auction in germany for more than # 100,000 .
a man has been rescued after getting into difficulties while trying to swim in the sea off anglesey .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have released a new video of the destruction of key buildings at mosul airport .
depression hunt , a virtual reality game that helps people overcome mental health problems and mental health issues , has been described as ` ` super helpful '' .
staff at swansea university have been accused of being ` ` physically and physically abused '' by two lecturers .
a canadian ice cream company has offered to buy a school in the north - western province of newfoundland .
bury moved into the league one play - off places with a 2 - 1 victory over coventry at bury .
belfast storm moved level on points with elite league leaders cardiff devils with a 2 - 1 win over manchester storm .
chelsea 's pedro cairney has been taken to hospital after suffering concussion during sunday 's chinese super league game with china .
mae dywodraeth cymru wedi dweud bod yng nghymru yn abertawe ddydd yng nghymru .
an australian team has carried out an operation to remove part of a child 's leg from her dual legs .
belize is one of the most densely - populated countries in the world , but it has been a long - term relationship with the united states .
celtic manager scott brown says the club have let themselves down after the club 's poor start to the season .
it 's been a year since japan 's women 's football team won the world cup .
an nhs trust that was placed in special measures has been told it must be lifted after being rated ` ` outstanding '' .
manchester united 's robin van persie has been taken to hospital with an eye injury after he suffered a blow to the eye .
the star wars toymaker , craig stevens , has sold more than # 30,000 for the first time .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in south london .
an nhs trust that was placed in special measures has been told it must do more to improve patient safety .
england women have made two changes for saturday 's women 's six nations game against ireland at twickenham .
league two side portsmouth have signed former notts county defender christian benten on a two - year deal .
british troops will be sent to somalia to help fight the conflict in somalia , david cameron has said .
an investigation is under way after a fire at london 's tube station was caused by an electrical fault .
a world war two bomb has been found in the centre of sheffield , prompting a evacuation of the city 's roads .
great britain 's six - time paralympic champion david weir says he will not be competing at this year 's london marathon .
a new video has been released of a gorilla that was filmed playing in a zoo 's park .
schools should be given more status for physical education -lrb- pe -rrb- , according to a report .
the world 's longest - reigning model has been unveiled in vienna , the first time .
the afghan taliban have released an audio message from its new leader , mullah akhtar mansour .
rangers have appointed mark allen as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
the number of viewers watching the new series of celebrity big brother has reached an all - time high .
work has started on a # 1.5 m purpose - built training centre in denbighshire .
the number of people killed on the roads in 2014 rose by 3 % last year , official figures show .
a grade ii - listed building in the cotswolds is to rejuvenated for the first time .
manchester city manager roberto mancini says carlos tevez could return to the club if he is fit to return .
the scottish government 's plans to change the role of a senior academic at the university of edinburgh have been criticised by a leading academic .
chinese toymaker ai -lrb- ai -rrb- has said it will no longer use lego products .
three teenage boys have been given a 10-month detention order after a riot in torfaen .
a ` ` drunken squirrel '' broke into a railway club 's cafe and became the target of a drunken squirrel .
the bbc 's two quiz show is set to be broadcast live on bbc radio 1 this summer .
league one side bolton wanderers have signed former bolton wanderers and bolton wanderers striker jordan houghton on a two - year deal .
fossilised fossilised bones of the earliest pine trees have been discovered in a quarry in canada , scientists say .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in the east end of glasgow which left one person dead .
a 500-year - old ` ` lost '' pen has been discovered by a university professor .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in maidstone , police said .
glasgow warriors moved level on points with pro12 leaders leinster with victory over leinster at the rds .
the leader of the welsh labour party has called for the party to ` ` shut up shop shop shop '' in the general election .
catalans dragons prop joe mason has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
quentin tarantino has said he was ` ` very flattered '' to write music from his new music .
south sudan 's rebel leader riek machar has said he will return to south sudan to return to the country .
a plan to run all services in oxfordshire could be ` ` a disaster '' , a council leader has said .
the family of a seven - year - old boy who was seriously injured in a hit - and - run crash say they have made ` ` progress '' .
a human chain has been lit up in coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the city 's liberation .
sir bradley wiggins has been invited to give evidence to an inquiry into claims he could have been poisoned .
it 's been a year since the plane crash that killed more than 1,000 people in 2014 .
two police officers have been awarded # 11,000 in damages after being cleared of racially abusing two teenage boys .
the family of a british backpacker stabbed to death in the australian city of queensland have said they are ` ` bereft '' .
two businessmen involved in the redevelopment of northampton town 's stadium have gone into administration , bbc news understands .
the pope has ordered the pope to launch a criminal investigation into mother teresa , the roman catholic church says .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union -lrb- also -rrb- .
residents of calbuco volcano in chile have been allowed to leave their homes after the volcano erupted .
a surfer has died after being attacked by a shark while trying to get a big wave off the coast of western australia .
in the south - eastern nigerian town of ulsan , one of the world 's best - known shipping companies , has been described as ` ` the world '' .
in the centre of the german city of frankfurt , a statue of the ` ` lone wolves '' , the bbc 's pu pu purporting to see the people killed in the mass killings .
vodafone has said it is ` ` unclear '' about the location of its european headquarters .
the south west is set to get a share of # 60 m from the government 's first - home fund .
thousands of pounds worth of meat have been stolen from a butcher 's shop in conwy county .
two police forces in yorkshire are to merge their dogs and handlers in a bid to save money .
austria 's left - wing freedom party -lrb- elam -rrb- has become the first country in europe to push for a new president .
catalans dragons have signed former manly sea eagles prop willie mason on a two - year deal for next season .
sir bradley wiggins has claimed he has never had an anti - doping procedure , despite claims he was allowed to take two banned drugs .
` ` it 's like it 's the world 's most powerful fighter , '' says james mayweather .
more than 4,000 children 's social workers in england have left jobs in the last year , official figures show .
the food standards agency -lrb- fsa -rrb- is to re - open three shellfish beds after tests showed high levels of e.coli .
the family of a man who died after being attacked by police have called for a ` ` peaceful protest '' .
new zealand wing george north says the british and irish lions must start kicking on their tour of new zealand .
it 's been a year since the end of the year , the syrian government has announced that it will end its long - term conflict .
an anti - bullying charity has criticised a gym 's decision to remove an ` ` alien '' advert saying it would be ` ` offensive '' .
italian police have arrested 34 people suspected of being involved in match - fixing in the country 's football league .
one of the uk 's oldest working windmills is set to be restored to its ` ` unique '' buildings .
the liberal democrats have clashed over the future of nhs services in stoke - on - trent and staffordshire .
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as portugal came from behind to beat portugal in the first leg of their euro 2016 semi - final .
us president - elect donald trump has called for a full investigation into alleged russian meddling in the us election .
pope benedict xvi has led the annual st peter 's day celebrations to mark the 800th anniversary of the creation of the ottoman empire .
the world cup is the greatest football teams of all time - and it 's time to ask what they are .
the father of missing airman corrie mckeague has said he is ` ` devastated '' to find the site where he disappeared .
a scottish government think tank has said it is ` ` committed '' to creating technology in schools .
the world 's longest - running crime series has opened in the maze , in the uk .
new cctv footage has been released of the siege of a cafe in sydney which a man was shot dead by police .
the us has charged a man with the murder of an arizona man who was shot dead by us agents .
a head teacher has written to parents warning of ` ` unthinkable '' changes to school funding .
hundreds of students have signed a petition to stop a ` ` great ruskin college '' from axing degree courses .
tributes have been paid to australian artist betty churcher , who has died at the age of 82 .
prime minister theresa may has said she is ` ` humbled '' to see a role model on christmas night .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a75 in county down .
australia 's government has declared a national shame for the country 's poorest children , as the country struggles to tackle poverty .
aberdeen - based software firm aker is to cut 650 jobs due to a slowdown in demand .
plans to increase council tax by 15 % in 2017 - 18 have been unveiled by surrey county council .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he will be ` ` better '' if he wins the fa cup .
york city have signed defender simon kamdjo on a two - year deal after he rejected a new deal with national league rivals york city .
the new colours of the royal welsh regiment is to be unveiled at the royal college of wales later .
as the government struggles to teach students who fail to achieve gcses in english and maths , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme looks at some of the challenges .
fifa vice - president david ginola has announced his intention to stand in next month 's election .
the leader of the labour party in wales has said the party needs to be ` ` the natural party '' .
a former aide to republican presidential candidate donald trump has been cleared of assaulting a journalist at an event in florida .
plans for a new university campus in sussex have been submitted to the local authority -lrb- npcc -rrb- .
a girl who was bitten by a dog has been taken to hospital after being bitten by her dog .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he will find a solution to joe allen 's future at the club .
a football fan has been given a 12-week suspended jail sentence after admitting playing at southend united .
a man accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a court he was ` ` running out of pocket '' .
the father of a woman who died after being attacked by a gang - rape victim has said he is ` ` proud '' of her daughter .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index ended the day lower , with the ftse 100 closing down .
a satellite has been launched by the international space agency -lrb- [ UNK ] -rrb- .
leicester city have confirmed they are in talks to keep the club at the end of the 2017 - 18 season .
the uk has voted to leave the european union after the uk voted in favour of staying in the eu .
sudan have lost their appeal against a ban on the exclusion of five players from the africa cup of nations .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was set on fire in greater manchester .
hospital operations in wales could be cancelled because of a shortage of emergency services , the head of the royal welsh hospital has warned .
a lollipop lady who was hit by a car in luton was ` ` completely innocent '' , a court has heard .
the uk 's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in may , according to a closely - watched survey .
a man who stabbed a muslim woman on a train has been detained indefinitely under the mental health act .
it 's been a year since the start of the season , the bbc 's price of football has learned .
a herd of white lions in south africa has been released into the wild in a zoo in johannesburg .
two men have been airlifted to hospital after a fuel tanker capsized off the cornwall coast , the coastguard has said .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri wants his players to ` ` fight every match '' after their 2 - 0 loss at manchester city .
green party mp caroline lucas has said she is ` ` completely arrogant '' and ` ` arrogant '' about brexit .
when ryan ryan ryan was 20 when he decided to take drugs in new zealand , he was n't the only man in the world .
the number of first - time buyers in the uk fell by 30 % in february , surveyors say .
japanese carmaker mazda has unveiled its first commercial petrol engine with the skyactiv - x , which it says is too cheap .
a human skull has been found on a motorway slip road in shropshire , police have said , as part of an investigation .
australian police are investigating the discovery of 55 greyhound puppies in the queensland state of queensland in february .
a new study has suggested golf 's benefits are higher than non - golferendenders .
northampton town have confirmed they are in talks with the borough council over the future of the league two club .
a police control centre in dumfries which was closed last year has been described as ` ` outstanding '' .
more than 30 teachers in wales have been banned from teaching for sexually abusing children , figures show .
house prices in the east of england rose by 5.2 % in the year to june , official figures show .
the father of a reservist who died during an sas selection exercise has told an inquest he thought his son was ` ` overdue '' .
a photograph of a us soldier who survived the vietnam war has been released to mark 50 years since the conflict .
tom stoneman 's unbeaten century helped durham beat warwickshire by 10 runs in a thrilling one - day cup game at chester - le - street .
plans to build more than 300 new homes at the university of aberdeen have been approved by the developers .
dover boosted their play - off hopes with a 2 - 0 win over guiseley in the national league .
uganda 's main opposition leader kizza besigye is fighting to fight for president yoweri museveni .
the director of a campaign to save cardigan castle has stepped down after more than 30 years in charge .
police are investigating the death of a man at a block of flats in glasgow city centre on saturday .
russian president dmitry medvedev has said the country is the ` ` worst threat '' to the cold war .
detectives investigating the rape of a teenage girl in greater manchester have released images of two men they want to trace .
the psni has said it is investigating claims that bonfires placed on a loyalist bonfire in east belfast .
supermarket chain morrisons has raised the price of marmite for a second time in less than a year .
the head of the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- , fatou el amrani , is to step down .
five of northern ireland 's five biggest teaching unions have rejected an offer from the government to end a dispute over pay .
the inquiry into the use of education in prisons in england and wales has been launched by the justice secretary .
the pirate bay website has been attacked by a group of hackers who tried to access the service .
the oxford roald dahl 's long - awaited dictionary has been published by the university of oxford .
the critically endangered species in china could be established as a self - sustaining population , say researchers .
scotland 's nursing union has called for an end to a ` ` perfect storm '' on staffing .
a custody sergeant accused of the manslaughter of a man who died after being restrained by police has been cleared of manslaughter .
world number one andy lendl says he is ` ` proud '' to return to work with andy murray .
french anti - islam activist raymond aubrac has died at the age of 89 , his family has confirmed .
a lorry has crashed into a block of flats in north ayrshire where a woman was killed .
britain 's first women 's super - bantamweight champion nicola adams says she will no longer be allowed to wear eightoz gloves .
lionel messi 's late goal gave brazil victory over mexico in the olympic men 's final in rio .
china 's four weightlifting stars have been banned for one year after failing drugs tests in beijing and 2012 .
oscar - winning actor ben affleck says he is ` ` delighted '' to find the role of matt damon in the new york film .
glamorgan 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented as they were beaten by gloucestershire .
the london 2012 festival has marked its first anniversary with a concert at the city 's olympic park .
league one side crewe alexandra have signed former bolton wanderers and bolton wanderers goalkeeper juha jaaskelainen on a two - year contract .
a 16-year - old boy has appeared in court charged with murdering aberdeen schoolgirl bailey gwynne .
google has announced it will stop making smart glasses for the first time in more than two years , after its launch .
uk industrial production fell in the first quarter of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the court of appeal has upheld a ruling that the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has failed in its legal duty .
us singer chris brown has been shot in the head during a concert in the california city of california .
china 's rarestuncy -lrb- gibbons -rrb- is now extinct in china , according to a new study .
overweight children are being overweight or obese , according to a report by the university of london .
marcus rashford 's first game in charge of leicester ended in defeat as they were beaten by leicester .
more than half of people in working families in england say they will be unable to cover their housing costs .
league one side leicester city have signed birmingham city midfielder james hector on loan until the end of the season .
manchester united manager frank lampard says he would not want wayne rooney to leave the england squad for euro 2016 .
hampshire 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the t20 blast were dented as they were beaten by sussex .
tributes have been paid to a pilot who was killed in a light aircraft crash at carfest .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has become the first woman to be appointed to an inquiry into anti - semitism in the party .
the church of england and scotland have signed a joint declaration on the long - running dispute between the two churches .
a new type of plastic can be recyclable , according to a us - based scientist .
police in indian - administered kashmir say they have arrested a man accused of desecrating a temple in the state of kashmir .
more than two - thirds of uk students say brexit would make the uk more attractive , a survey suggests .
a sinn [ UNK ] mla has lost a court case against a londonderry mp over comments he made on facebook .
a british - iranian woman who was barred from flying at heathrow airport has said she can not travel under new us visa rules .
the national audit office has said it is investigating why a two - year competition to develop carbon capture technology was scrapped .
young people in the uk are at risk of being ` ` less rich '' , according to a new report .
laura trott won great britain 's first national track title with victory in the women 's individual pursuit .
a police officer who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car has been jailed for five years .
in venezuela , one of the world 's most powerful and powerful men , oscar [ UNK ] has been a man .
opener mark wood has been named in the england squad for the three - match one - day series in abu dhabi .
a campaign has been launched to stop the restoration of a grade ii - listed building in chelsea .
the remains of a man whose remains were found in a forest in denbighshire are being treated as suspicious .
police are investigating alleged racist abuse at a polish community building in the run - up to the referendum .
three people have been killed in three bomb attacks in yemen 's capital , sanaa , officials say .
police in washington dc have evacuated the office of a muslim group after a suspicious package was found with a white powder .
a high court judge has issued an order banning the use of clothes in public places to cover his genitals .
a multi - million pound shopping centre is to be demolished and rebuilt after being given planning permission .
police in germany have arrested a 19-year - old man in connection with the murder of a 16-year - old boy .
labour has re - elected the cardiff south and penarth constituency in a by - election .
a group of blind cricket fans in the north - western state of berbice are preparing to play at a training camp in the caribbean .
a disabled man has been injured in an explosion at china 's main airport , state media report .
cardiff devils will not ` ` feel bad '' for cardiff devils when they host sheffield steelers in the challenge cup final .
the british embassy in libya has withdrawn non - essential staff from the country , the oil giant bp has said .
a man who died after falling from a block of flats has been named by police as ` ` suspicious '' .
the rmt union is to vote on whether to allow the night tube service between london and london underground -lrb- rmt -rrb- .
a young tennis player from swansea is to be honoured at a youth awards ceremony in the city of glamorgan .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jersey reds captain darren stevens says he is ` ` on the right road '' for promotion to the premiership .
a convicted rapist has been jailed for life after being convicted of raping a woman in leicester .
sunderland manager sam allardyce says he will not be affected by the club 's poor start to the season .
a retired vicar tried to hypnotise boys who were in a trance , a court has heard .
the met office has issued a yellow warning for heavy rain and strong winds as storm barney hit northern ireland .
a 16-year - old boy arrested in connection with the disappearance of two teenage boys has been released without charge .
kai n't remembers the horror of the conflict in botswana that has plagued the country 's security situation .
a hospital 's a&e department has seen a rise in detentions under the mental health act .
a fire has broken out at a house in greater manchester , forcing more than 50 firefighters to leave .
a us court has ordered apple to pay more than $ 500 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 300 m -rrb- in damages to the university of wisconsin .
nhs highland has been accused of ` ` compensating '' by msps at a committee of msps .
lib dem leader nick clegg has accused the conservatives of ` ` falling in the balance '' after the election .
great britain 's mo farah has become the first briton to win the london half marathon .
a dog owner has admitted attacking a woman who was attacked by her pet dog while she was drinking .
mae aelodau cymru wedi cael ei garcharu am wythnosau cymru .
british number three aljaz bedene says he wants to play at the 2020 olympics in 2020 .
hibernian defender ryan stevenson hopes the club can compete at the top of the league for the first time .
labour leader harriet harman has told the bbc that the uk government is ` ` in danger '' if britain votes to leave the european union .
film - maker curzon is to receive the outstanding british contribution to cinema , it has been announced .
west ham have signed mexican striker javier hernandez from german side bayer leverkusen for an undisclosed fee .
the snp is set to take control of two parliamentary committees in scotland , it has been announced .
brazil 's president dilma rousseff has left the country 's presidential palace after an impeachment vote .
a 20-year - old man has been shot in the legs in a paramilitary - style attack in londonderry .
plaid cymru 's neil reckless is to join the party in wales , bbc wales understands .
a reservist who died after collapsing on an sas selection exercise was ` ` too hot '' , an inquest has heard .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- dcc -rrb- has said it is ` ` not good enough '' to deal with the legacy of the past .
indian drinks tycoon vijay mallya has been sold to drinks firm diageo for $ 75 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 29 m -rrb- .
yorkshire diamonds head coach simon grayson has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
i ' ve been collecting thousands of pounds from india 's matchbox , but i ' m looking at some of the most unusual ways .
new signing prince buaben has signed a two - year contract with hearts after leaving carlisle united .
the uk 's tax watchdog is to launch a consultation on whether to tackle the hidden economy .
taliban militants have killed at least 30 people in an ambush in southern afghanistan , officials have told the bbc .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- is to rule on whether facebook does not provide enough protection to us spy agencies .
a us citizen has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in iran for spying on foreign foreign nationals .
a pair of lassie chicks have successfully hatched at a loch of the lowes nature reserve .
play - off hopefuls aldershot extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1 - 1 draw at eastleigh .
an investigation has been launched into an allegation of malpractice in a belfast paper .
the mother of a seven - year - old boy who died after being hit by a motorbike has said they are ` ` mortified '' .
the prince of wales has urged the government to consider allowing badgers to cull in the uk .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found dead in a glasgow city centre shopping street .
a celtic fan has appeared in court charged with making a ` ` threatening '' and ` ` offensive '' behaviour at celtic park .
a series of photographs have been released by the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme to mark the 75th anniversary of the manchester bombing .
a woman who murdered her mother with a scarf has been given a minimum jail sentence for her murder .
apple has said it is ` ` dumbed down '' to a row over the terms of its new app .
the search for the remains of king henry i is being carried out by a survey of the city 's favourite buildings .
the use of legal highs in prisons in england and wales has widened since 2012 , the chief inspector of prisons has said .
a man who was arrested after breaking into his ex - girlfriend 's home has been jailed for five years .
the nhs in london has said it was ` ` more than any other week '' in the week before christmas .
the new star trek beyond has revealed that hikaru sulu sulu sulu is gay .
former foreign secretary michael gove has said he would have been sacked if he had been in charge of the party .
two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van in devon , police have said .
nasa 's latest mission to send robots to mars is set to be rolled out on the moon .
glasgow warriors have signed south african centre huw jones on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the police ombudsman 's office has been given an ` ` unprecedented '' overhaul of its investigations into historical events .
the uk is to contribute towards the bill for policing the ecuadorean embassy in the country 's capital , quito .
england openers alastair cook and tom westley hit centuries as division two leaders essex dominated essex .
the trial of prominent chinese academic ilham tohti , accused of separatism , has begun .
sir chris hoy has been voted as the olympic flag for team gb at the rio 2016 games .
storm abigail has been named as the first storm in the uk to be named by the met office .
a tropical storm has made landfall in the atlantic ocean , bringing the strongest hurricanes in more than 50 years .
league two side portsmouth have signed portsmouth defender paul whatmough on a season - long loan deal .
if you 're worried about the impact of cybercrime and cybercrime , it 's easy to find ways to keep your business safe .
two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in manchester .
kell brook 's challenge to middleweight champion gennady golovkin has been described as ` ` the right decision '' .
the father of a murdered woman has said he is ` ` shocked '' by the home office 's handling of her case .
scientists say they have developed a test that could help predict who will die in the next few years .
more than 2,000 people have taken part in an annual photography competition in the northern indian state of haryana .
the closure of glasgow 's arches venue has been described as a ` ` very worrying time '' for staff facing redundancy .
former aberdeen and hibernian manager kenny miller has no doubts about his side 's future at hampden .
plans to introduce new statutory staffing levels for scotland 's nhs are to be announced by the scottish government .
former england head coach stuart lancaster is set to leave his role at the national football association -lrb- nrl -rrb- .
britain 's lionhearts won the wbc world bantamweight title for the first time since 2006 .
a man who wants to donate money to his pension pot has said he is ` ` completely in charge '' .
thousands of southern rail passengers have gone on strike in a dispute over the role of a new year .
three syrian refugees who escaped police surveillance in germany have been named as the country 's ` ` heroes '' .
the parents of a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a drink - driving car are calling for increased sentences .
an ` ` extremely rare '' prehistoric monument has been discovered near a village in north - west england .
firefighters have been tackling a large fire in the garden of a house in ballymena , county antrim .
a ceramic poppies depicting the lives of british soldiers in world war one will be displayed at two uk museums .
a court in haiti has heard that former haitian police chief guy philippe has been charged with conspiracy to import cocaine .
the uk 's exit from the european union would be the ` ` price '' of access to the single market , it has been claimed .
bt is to roll out its first commercial broadband service in the uk , it has been announced , as part of a roll - out .
more than 1,000 new homes could be built on greenbelt land in york , according to a report .
at a school in indonesia 's capital , delhi , chilla , was at the centre of a counter - terrorism row .
northampton town 's olly toney has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
on wednesday , the bbc 's election coverage will be broadcast live on bbc radio 5 live on thursday .
a new multi - million pound school campus in inverness will not open until october , it has been confirmed .
petrol prices in the uk rose by 4.5 % in 2016 , the rac has said .
romania 's ilie nastase is being investigated by the international tennis federation -lrb- icc -rrb- over comments he made about serena williams .
people have been asked to help restore a pembrokeshire village 's ` ` secret garden '' .
a transgender woman has said she feels ` ` lucky '' to be alive after undergoing pioneering surgery to help her .
chinese carmaker baidu has announced it will launch a self - driving vehicle project in china .
a statue of jump jockey ap mccoy has been unveiled at cheltenham festival in recognition of his contribution to the sport .
the shakespeare 's globe is the subject of a ` ` living laboratory '' , and it 's an unusual subject .
mps have rejected a bid to change the law on abortion in england and wales , scotland and northern ireland .
india has seen a dramatic decline in the number of women in the workforce in the country 's workforce , according to a new study .
plans to reintroduce wild lynx to scotland could be a ` ` big step '' for farming , a charity has said .
harry potter author jk rowling has apologised for posting abusive comments about her political views .
mount etna has become the latest volcano in the world to mount etna , after ash from the sky .
the government has been defeated in the house of lords over plans to give councils the freedom of their areas .
venezuela 's government says it is investigating the death of one of the country 's main opposition leaders .
it 's a fair fairground in the united states , where you would be able to grab a bit of fun .
royal mail has warned of a ` ` critical need '' for a new system to protect its delivery services .
a charity has been jailed for defrauding a schoolgirl out of thousands of pounds for her charity .
three pro - independence activists have been jailed for organising a regional ballot in russia 's regional elections .
the families of 43 mexican students killed by a gang in mexico say they are ` ` desperate '' to find them .
ex - england footballer adam woodward has said he has been ` ` waiting five weeks '' to provide a statement to police .
a water firm has apologised after a water supply failed to contain chlorine in cambridgeshire .
if you 're looking for a luxury hotel , you 're likely to find a hotel rate .
police in texas say they have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being locked in a house in texas .
a man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a lorry on a dual carriageway .
a prehistoric encampment at a site in buckinghamshire could be ` ` destroyed '' if plans are rewritten , an archaeologist has said .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- party has confirmed it will not seek re - election in june .
at least 33 people have been killed and dozens more injured in an explosion in mexico city , officials say .
emma thompson has launched a new campaign to highlight what she says is a ` ` human rights '' .
britain 's double olympic champion nicola adams will fight mexico 's ferchner salazar in the first round of the women 's super - bantamweight title .
plans for a new post-16 centre in torfaen have been submitted to the welsh government .
ross county defender andrew davies has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
a memorial centre for those who served in bomber command during world war two is to be unveiled in october .
a former soldier who was shot by a rubber bullet in belfast could face a ` ` significant risk '' to his health , a coroner has said .
the search for a woman who has been missing for more than a week has been widened by police .
a bus firm which has gone into administration with the loss of more than 30 jobs is to close .
plans to introduce a minimum pricing for alcohol in england and wales have been described as ` ` a lottery '' .
the use of unqualified teachers in schools is ` ` jeopardising '' the education system , a union has claimed .
teenagers in the us are better at learning from their experience than adults , according to us researchers who have found .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences , west midlands police have said .
plans to expand a wind farm in greater manchester have been given the go - ahead by councillors .
a temporary school in worthing has begun building temporary classrooms on the site of a fire which destroyed the building .
manchester city have confirmed the signing of brazilian striker carlos tevez on a three - and - a - half - year deal .
the scottish conservatives have called for a scottish conservative msp to resign over his role as a referee .
eating the same diets of low - fat diets has been described as ` ` boring '' by researchers .
people in parks across the uk feel less relaxed about their behaviour , according to a study by scientists .
us carmaker chevrolet has offered a range of new ways to keep young drivers safe on the roads .
a florida man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of his wife after posting a picture of her on facebook .
david bowie has died at the age of 18 , his family have confirmed .   's family have said .
heather rabbatts is to step down as the new head of the football association -lrb- bame -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers kenya 's ` ` deep animosity '' .
a newspaper has apologised after it refused to film footage of prime minister david cameron 's visit to a village in cornwall .
the new chief executive of a south wales health board has been appointed to the public health board in cardiff .
england 's under-20 world champions have been named in the country 's youth football world rankings .
england and wales have been charged by uefa after crowd trouble erupted at euro 2016 's match against lithuania .
itv has said it is ` ` confident '' that viewers will be affected by a pay dispute .
the government has announced plans to introduce a personal independence payment -lrb- pip -rrb- .
leicester tigers winger ellis genge has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club until 2020 .
call of duty : : black ops iii has become the latest game to be played on the ground .
a body has been recovered from the river nith in dumfries after a search operation .
nani 's first goal for the united states denied portugal a place in the quarter - finals of the world cup .
the premier league will broadcast premier league games for the first time this season , it has been announced .
the department for infrastructure -lrb- drd -rrb- is to receive compensation from the department of northern ireland -lrb- drd -rrb
the issue of teachers in scotland is a major problem in the country , according to the local council .
a union has said it is ` ` shocked '' that the number of jobs at the university of leeds -lrb- ucu -rrb- could be cut .
the eiffel tower in paris has been closed for the first time since friday 's attacks .
us president - elect donald trump 's proposed budget cuts would be ` ` a disaster '' , the white house has said .
a group of british teenagers have been detained in turkey , the foreign office has said , as part of a counter - terrorism operation .
battersea power station has been put up for sale for the first time in more than 30 years .
league one side southend united have signed poland midfielder marc klich on a season - long loan from arsenal .
plaid cymru 's leader has said she will not ` ` stifle '' debate the party 's plans to cut the top rate of tax .
truro city head coach marek churcher says his side 's defensive performance in sunday 's 2 - 0 win over bottom side chinnor .
a company has admitted breaching health and safety laws after a worker was injured in a forklift truck .
the reviews of the new ghostbusters film have received mixed reviews , with some critics describing it as ` ` ridiculous '' .
a pair of flamingos can be made to stand one legged on one leg , according to us researchers .
more than # 1bn has been spent on creating more than 2,000 academies in england since 2010 .
labour 's shadow cabinet minister has said she will not vote against the government 's brexit bill .
widnes head coach denis betts says his side are still doing ` ` good things well '' despite their poor form .
great britain 's jamie peacock and kadeena cox have been included in the team for the world para - athletics championships in london .
more than 50 jobs are being created at the manufacturing and engineering firm hutchinson in county antrim . . .
glasgow warriors have signed scrum - half alex rae and scrum - half bhatti on two - year deals .
league one side southend united have signed crystal palace left - back jordan houghton on loan until the end of the season .
west brom manager tony pulis says he is ` ` shocked '' to return to the premier league .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man 's body was found in a lay - by .
the united nations says it will suspend a ban on the use of biofuel to produce food .
theresa may has said she is ` ` interested '' in having a ` ` cunning plan '' for brexit .
league two club exeter city have reported a pre - tax profit of # 1.6 m for 2014 - 15 .
a pensioner has been banned from driving for 10 years after he was found guilty of drink - driving offences .
police searching a river in dorset say they have found a gun used by a burglary suspect .
a prisoner has died after being charged with assaulting two schoolchildren in hampshire , the prison service has said .
league two side cheltenham town have signed striker abdelhamid atangana on a two - year deal .
the conservatives have announced plans for a cap on the standard variable tariffs on electricity prices in the uk .
the uk 's inflation rate has fallen to 0.5 % , the bank of england has said .
thousands of people are being trained in a new scheme aimed at tackling fraud in the banking industry .
german chancellor angela merkel has said the uk 's brexit plan is ` ` a good start '' .
two historic swimming pools could be saved from demolition by the end of the year , campaigners have said .
newcastle falcons director of rugby dean richards says his side are a better side than they were beaten by london irish .
police have released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault .
a review into the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a hostel in newport has been called .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day lower , with mining shares among the biggest fallers .
two children have been taken to hospital after a car smashed through a barrier and crashed into a fence .
a 37-year - old man has been charged in connection with the murder of limerick man karl haugh .
venezuela 's national baseball coach has called for the country 's national series to be played in the country .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a memorial service has been held for a boxer who died after being knocked out of a boxing match .
the parents of a british woman who died in china have called for people to carry carbon monoxide alarms to carry safety devices .
a football club has apologised to a bride - to - be who posed for a photograph of her wedding day .
welshman elfyn evans won the second round of the world rally championship -lrb- wrc -rrb- in sweden .
plans to redevelop a park in blaby have been approved by councillors in birmingham .
all flights between shetland and orkney have been delayed because of a ` ` wind fault '' .
scotland 's first minister alex salmond has said he expects a second independence referendum to be announced .
ross county have signed midfielder lee chung - yong on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a police community support officer has been jailed for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car .
cctv cameras are to be installed at the site of scotland 's largest historical gravestone , police have said .
uk airline monarch has said it is in talks with the aviation regulator over its financial situation , despite rumours that it is going bust .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in marks and spencer rose after the company raised its price controls .
a ban on the use of hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- has been lifted .
premiership leaders crusaders face a trip to linfield as they continue to battle for a place in the title race .
michael dunlop set a new absolute lap in friday 's opening practice session at the isle of man tt .
midfielder darren mackie has signed a new two - year contract with league one side brentford . ''
rugby union chief executive stuart davies has criticised plans to reduce the six nations championship to six weeks , saying the game is ` ` damaging '' .
the makers of a documentary about the murder of a us woman have been given the chance to produce a new series .
a 26-year - old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in paisley city centre .
lecturers at universities in england have rejected a pay offer from the university of wales -lrb- ucu -rrb- .
the us pga tour says it will not host donald trump 's first world golf event in mexico .
great britain 's david swift has announced his retirement from the skeleton world championships in pyeongchang .
england women 's super league one club arsenal ladies have signed arsenal ladies ' england international caroline nobbs .
bbc scotland 's veteran broadcaster robbie williams has announced his retirement from broadcasting after more than 30 years .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says he is ` ` gutted '' to be named scottish premiership player of the year .
more than 10,000 people have been rescued from homes and businesses in the us state of louisiana .
brazil 's salomon kaka has been named in the squad for the africa cup of nations in gabon .
the chainsmokers have topped the uk album chart for the first time , beating adele 's new record .
hundreds of people have gathered in support of a man shot dead by police on the m62 .
australia 's first female chief pilot has been appointed by the country 's largest airline , jetstar .
turkish police have clashed with pro - government activists in istanbul , hours after they clashed with police .
a former chief executive of nhs trust has admitted defrauding her husband out of # 11,000 .
a man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted and sexually assaulted at a block of flats in edinburgh .
there are some stories in northern ireland and northern ireland in the run - up to the westminster terror attacks .
a council has been told it will not recoup # 190,000 in damages owed by a blogger .
more than 2,000 people have been displaced by the devastating earthquake in nepal 's capital kathmandu .
a payday lender has agreed to refund customers of more than # 700,000 in loans .
british triathlete emma pooley has confirmed she will compete for the 2016 olympic games in rio .
singer - songwriter sam smith has won this year 's barclaycard mercury prize for his debut album .
scotland defender neil robertson is set to miss the rest of the season after suffering a thigh injury in hull .
woodside petroleum , one of the world 's largest oil and gas firms , has reported a rise in profits .
thailand 's senate has rejected a bill that would allow former prime minister thaksin to be allowed to return to parliament .
the future of a 15th century ship found on the river usk in newport is set to be decided .
great britain 's joe burnell has become the first swimmer to win the world triathlon series in london .
great britain 's mo farah won gold in the 10,000 m at the world athletics championships in london .
british number one johanna konta will begin the defence of her us open title against kyle edmund on friday .
china 's economy grew at an annual rate of 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark ftse 100 ended the day higher after the federal reserve held interest rates on wednesday .
a free school breakfast scheme in blackpool is set to be extended for the first time in four years .
maoist rebels in india have said they will not be allowed to run trains through maoist rebels .
a 24-year - old man has appeared in court charged with breaching a terror prevention order .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is committed to a ` ` moral opposition '' to the uk 's nuclear weapons system .
energy firm scottish power is to introduce a new ` ` day '' to help customers buy energy .
the co - operative has said it is ` ` very disappointing '' that some of its customers have missed a deadline to submit quotations .
the west indies are set to appoint ireland coach phil simmons as their new head coach , bbc sport understands .
the father of a woman who was allegedly raped by a gang of men in afghanistan has told the bbc he will face prosecution .
democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- mp sammy wilson has said he is ` ` humbled '' to be the party 's next leader .
the new leader of swansea council has been chosen by the party 's ruling body to stand down .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he expects a referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
plans for a housing development in carrbridge in the highlands have been rejected by highland park authority officials .
chesterfield have signed chesterfield striker armand gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season .
the england cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- has confirmed it will host the 2017 women 's cricket super bowl in england .
pop star britney spears has become the first artist to perform at a concert in las vegas in more than a decade .
network rail 's performance is under threat , but it 's not just what it 's done .
two bangladeshis have been freed after being kidnapped by islamist militants in libya , the government has said .
manchester united manager louis van gaal said it was a ` ` joke '' when he decided three centre - back defenders in his side 's 1 - 0 defeat at arsenal .
saracens have signed loose - head prop dave porecki on a two - year deal from saracens .
britain 's jo pavey won gold in the 5,000 m at the world championships in doha .
the leader of plaid cymru has said she would consider taking responsibility for the uk 's decision to devolution .
samsung 's galaxy note 7 phone has been recalled to the public for the first time since its launch on tuesday .
a teenager who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car in an accident has returned to the track .
the new york film critics circle has named the best film in the history of the film , citizenfour .
the port talbot town 's steelworks is a quiet place for the rest of the uk , but it is not the only place where it is .
a vandalised three sheep painted on a street in wrexham has been found by police in the city .
a campaign to improve the health and wellbeing of uk workers has been launched by the welsh government .
cambridge united were knocked out of the fa cup for the first time in their history as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester united .
a photographer has captured the moment a ` ` photobomb '' on a railway line in north wales .
erhun oztumer scored a hat - trick as walsall came from behind to beat swindon at the county ground .
the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- says the uk 's economy shrank by 0.1 % in the first three months of this year .
the world 's rarest species of bent - toed geckos have been discovered in the south east .
a ceredigion university 's old college has been awarded # 1.5 m in lottery funding .
a woman has been arrested after a mobile phone was stolen during the band 's concert in sunderland .
london 's mayor sadiq khan has set up a ` ` hub '' to tackle online abuse .
a teaching assistant has been charged over an ` ` threats '' made to a pupil at a school .
miranda 's return to the west end stage has been described as ` ` a bit of fun '' by the theatre .
police have said they are investigating a ` ` mindless '' attack on police officers in newry .
five men have been charged in connection with a series of raids in oxford which police say are continuing .
actor george clooney has applied for permission to install cctv cameras at his sonning eye .
former dragons ' den star lord sugar has called for the bbc to do a spin - off series .
scottish cyclist david millar has signed a two - year contract with the british cycling team , which aims to improve anti - doping .
the owners of a troubled private hospital have apologised for failing to provide care for vulnerable patients .
a woman who discovered a ` ` hidden '' shell shell in a museum has been named by the artist .
a man who was rescued from a car after it became submerged in a reservoir has been named by police .
england 's graeme mcdowell is in a share of the lead going into the final round of the wgc - hsbc champions event .
french prosecutors have opened disciplinary proceedings against charlie coulibaly , who is accused of inciting terrorism .
portadown 's chris garrett has been given a one - match touchline ban by the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- for breaching rules in relation to the 2 - 0 win over ards .
britain 's andy murray is through to the semi - finals of the australian open after beating nick kyrgios in straight sets .
the bbc has announced plans to expand the world service for the first time in more than 50 years .
a patch of protein that helps people with heart attacks increases the risk of heart attacks , scientists say .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two teenage girls at a park .
a memorial to a police officer killed on duty is to be dedicated to the victims of the attack .
a man has appeared in court charged in connection with a fire on a fishing boat in peterhead .
britain 's gabby adcock and chris adcock are hoping to win a medal at the world championships in glasgow .
tom rogic 's stoppage - time winner helped celtic beat aberdeen in the scottish cup final .
defending champions juventus ended a run of three successive serie a defeats with a comfortable win over crotone .
albania secured their place in the euro 2016 play - offs with a comfortable victory over armenia in group c.
thousands of people have turned out to celebrate diwali in leicester city centre , organisers have said .
amazon is to launch its first subscription tv channel in the uk , with the launch of prime video .
a 200-year - old flag from pembrokeshire is to be auctioned for the first time .
a new craft of a 600-year - old substance could help prevent food poisoning and stomach upsets .
human remains have been found in the grounds of a house in north lanarkshire , police have said .
volunteers have been searching a forest in swindon for a missing woman who went missing after leaving a nightclub .
northern ireland 's jonathan rea has become the first team to win the 2017 world superbike championship .
backbenchers in the house of commons do n't have a fair chance to make a law .
a campaigner has called for ` ` long - term solutions '' to the row over a memorial park in south yorkshire .
england completed a series whitewash against south africa in the final test in cape town to win the series .
the mother of a us schoolgirl who went missing in chicago has said she wants to leave her home .
us president barack obama is to host a dinner at the edinburgh international financial council -lrb- eicc -rrb- .
celtic were held to a goalless draw by kilmarnock in the scottish cup quarter - final .
it 's been a year since the start of the 2012 olympics and paralympics in rio de janeiro .
sinn [ UNK ] president gerry adams has said he is ` ` ready for the backlash '' if he is released without charge .
wales wing george north says he can not score enough tries as he prepares to return from a head injury .
an anaesthetist has criticised a hospital 's treatment of a woman who died after suffering a haemorrhage .
a man accused of trying to buy a toy car with ricin poison from the dark net has gone on trial .
varun chopra 's unbeaten century helped warwickshire to a draw with hampshire in the division one game at southampton .
ireland beat south africa by seven runs in the second one - day international in johannesburg to keep their hopes of reaching the quarter - finals .
if you 're having a haircut , it 's time to get the right to do it .
the family of a 12-year - old boy with learning disabilities say they are ` ` very nervous '' at school .
a man has been taken to hospital after becoming trapped on a fence in coventry city centre , police have said .
the nhs in england is to introduce a new plan to cut the amount of drugs to patients with hepatitis c .
a man has been arrested after he drove a bulldozer into a house in australia , police say .
formula 1 's governing body is set to re - start a single points rule in next season .
olympic track cycling champion sir chris hoy has announced she is expecting a second child in a week .
plans to build a new bridge over the river thames in south oxfordshire have been unveiled by council bosses .
bhs is set to lose its pensions due to uncertainty over the future of its flagship pension scheme .
a rare ` ` rare plant '' which has been living in the uk for more than 30 years has been unveiled .
the parents of a murdered south african athlete have spoken of their ` ` heartache '' ahead of their trial .
the first of a delegation of northern ireland politicians is due to arrive in dublin later this month to discuss the peace process .
a college has had its ` ` biggest ever '' season tickets for the past year , it has emerged .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a junction at elephant and castle has been closed to traffic for the first time since a multi - million pound revamp .
` ` it 's not a good thing for people who struggle to find their cars . ''
wales captain chris gunter says he is ` ` more than capable '' of qualifying for euro 2016 .
aristocrat senga won the queen elizabeth stakes at royal ascot for the first time since 2012 .
seabed rights for marine renewable energy projects have been given the go - ahead by the crown estate .
former soldiers from londonderry and londonderry are taking legal action against the northern ireland executive .
veteran broadcaster sir terry evans is to be given a book in his home city of limerick to mark his 90th birthday .
ukip 's new leader has said she was ` ` shocked '' by the ` ` bizarre '' scenes at the curry house .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he is ` ` very confident '' that he will leave the club .
a planned night tube service between london underground -lrb- aslef -rrb- and the rmt union has been offered a pay rise .
newport county chairman andrew rt davies says he is considering whether newport county chief executive graham westley is planning his own side .
egypt 's appeals commission has upheld the suspension of former prime minister shafiq , who has been banned from entering the presidential election .
the uk 's new search and rescue helicopter has been launched by the royal cornwall coastguard agency .
pakistan and pakistan have agreed to use a hotline to combat the growing threat of militants from the taliban .
police have launched an investigation after a double - decker bus was involved in a collision with two vehicles in fife .
a former ambulance service worker has been jailed for sexually abusing a teenage girl and sexually assaulting her .
the labour mp for bradford has quit the party after a row over comments she made about israel 's unity .
derbyshire head coach danny wilson is confident his side will return to division one of the t20 blast finals this season .
` ` it 's the idea of getting a basic income , '' says liisa ronkainen , from finland .
scotland 's athletes will compete at this summer 's olympics in rio with the highest number of scottish athletes .
thousands of egyptians have taken to the streets of giza to protest against the egyptian government 's economic reforms .
the duke of kent has been taken to hospital after suffering a ` ` serious stroke '' , buckingham palace has confirmed .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says steven gerrard has a ` ` bright future '' at the club .
all photographs courtesy huw jenkinson , the artist who has been diagnosed with a rare form of blindness .
a man has died after suffering serious head injuries in a fire at an industrial unit in east yorkshire .
labour 's sadiq khan has been re - elected as glasgow 's mayor , becoming the first muslim mayor .
a new species of geckos has been discovered in a cave in southern madagascar , with the largest scales ever recorded .
johnny depp 's wife amber heard has filed for divorce from australian actor johnny depp and actress amber heard .
the north of england should be given more power to devolution , the uk 's deputy first minister has said .
china 's manufacturing sector continued to decline in september , according to a closely - watched survey .
everton have unveiled plans to redevelop the club 's main stand at goodison park .
celtic manager alan archibald is not trying to downgrade the standard of coaching in scotland , according to celtic boss alan archibald .
police are searching for a father and his two children who went missing from their home in east sussex .
a 19-year - old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after being arrested in manchester .
a bus has been taken to hospital after crashing into a wall and hit a wall in the borders .
the archbishop of south africa has said he is ` ` fortunate '' to use his mind to support assisted dying .
arsenal ladies reached the women 's super league one final for the first time since 2012 with victory over birmingham city ladies .
at least 18 people have been injured in a collision between two trains in oakland , california , police say .
the united nations has warned congress that us president donald trump 's plan to cut spending by $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- could be ` ` impossible '' .
celebrity big brother has apologised for comments made by fellow contestant christopher biggins on the show .
actor tony valentine , best known for playing the role in secret agents , has died at the age of 82 .
walter bonatini scored his first goal of the season to help wolves overcome middlesbrough in the championship .
police in malaysia say they have arrested two people suspected of links to so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it is ` ` appalled '' by the death of a cyclist who was hit by a lorry .
the us supreme court has rejected a challenge by president barack obama to repeal the affordable care act , in a landmark ruling .
campaigners have set up camp in newport to support the nato summit , which will be held on monday .
defending champion ronnie o'sullivan says he has been ` ` eating like a pig '' after being crowned masters champion .
a new report has found that a new vaccine for cervical cancer in scotland has ` ` significantly reduced '' rates .
mae undebau athrawon yng nghymru wedi cael ei ddefnyddio yng nghymru .
i ' m back in the wales squad for this season 's women 's super league , but i ' m still looking forward to making history .
afghan pop star mohammad sayeed has attended a concert in the capital kabul to mark the country 's independence day .
atletico madrid forward antoine griezmann will miss the rest of the season after having surgery on a foot injury .
world number one tiger woods has said he is ` ` receiving help '' to manage his medicine and a sleep disorder .
a fox cub that was found in a field in aberdeenshire has been given birth by the scottish spca .
an investigation has been launched after a council chief executive was suspended by the authority over allegations of misconduct .
cardiff blues maintained their 100 % start to the pro12 with a bonus - point win over newport gwent dragons .
a man has said he will stay on mcdonald 's car park after being refused a drive - thru .
an australian court has ordered the extradition of a former teacher accused of raping and sexually abusing children in israel .
the government 's plans to reintroducing flood forests into catchments have been backed by former environment secretary richard chesser .
police have appealed for information about the disappearance of a man who has been missing for more than a week .
a # 20.7 m euromillions jackpot has been confirmed by the uk 's lottery operator .
india 's tax commissioner has said he will not be prosecuted for looking at women for more than 14 seconds .
the head of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has said he hopes the turkish government will end its sponsorship of oil .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares fell on tuesday as the us economy continued to recover .
the government 's decision to scrap high- denominationnotes in india 's capital , delhi , has been criticised by a former government adviser .
the us has said it is ` ` confident '' pakistan has carried out an attack on a military base in indian - administered kashmir .
eilish mccolgan says she is ` ` excited '' to have broken british record - breaking records by laura muir .
a man who died after being found in a street in waterford has been named by police as a man .
the government is considering moves to take over some of birmingham 's schools amid claims of extremism .
five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud offences after a council leader was re - elected .
the search for a missing 59-year - old man who went missing in inverness has been widened .
the head of the crofting commission has said he has no intention of quit after a long - running dispute .
spain 's acting prime minister has failed in a bid to form a government after losing a parliamentary vote .
scientists say they have discovered the long - lived ` ` long - lived '' variations in the length of dna .
two women have been killed in a two - car crash in east lothian , police have said .
japanese gaming giant nintendo has said it is ` ` shocked '' that its switch can not be found with a screen problem .
as the world 's largest producer of so - called ` ` octopuses '' gather in tanzania , the bbc 's fergal keane looks at the potential to find a species of fish .
three police forces in wales have been rated ` ` good '' by a watchdog after a review of its handling of child sex abuse .
anglo american has announced plans to cut up to 80,000 jobs as part of a restructuring of its operations .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead at a house .
talks in brussels have ended without agreement between russia and the west in an attempt to resolve tensions in ukraine .
chris delonge , the lead singer and bassist tom delonge , has quit the band .
great britain 's ellie dalnaid and jennifer mcintosh have won gold in the women 's 50 m rifle at the european championships .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the intercontinental cup were dented by an eight - wicket win in india .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has said the uk will not be ` ` silent '' on the implications of brexit .
a fire - damaged council 's headquarters in oxfordshire is set to reopen on monday , it has been confirmed .
gary lineker says he ` ` shed a tear '' for claudio ranieri after he was sacked by leicester city .
a court in new york has ordered the trial of former chief executive hank hank hank greenberg in a case against him .
scientists say they have discovered a new way to track down the form of a cancer cell in the us .
the head of the russian orthodox church has said she is ` ` concerned '' about a bronze bust of the roman catholic church .
david cameron has said plans for a satellite grammar school in kent are ` ` absolutely important '' .
falkirk council has been awarded # 30 m to help fund a # 30 m investment in social housing .
a baby who died after heart surgery was ` ` not allowed to die '' , an inquest has heard .
dolly parton , the sheep , has died at the age of 82 , after being born from an artificial intelligence unit .
sir bruce forsyth is set to return to bbc one 's children in need special , it has been announced .
labour is to launch its general election manifesto later , with the party promising to cut the minimum wage .
japanese prosecutors have charged three former directors of japanese camera firm tokyo kikukawa over the accounting scandal .
the government 's decision to close the forensic science service -lrb- fss -rrb- is ` ` not an opportunity '' , the public inquiry has heard .
a world war two veteran from carmarthenshire has been presented with france 's highest military medal .
it 's one of the most bizarre music videos in the world , but it was n't just a surprise .
activity in the uk 's service sector slowed last month , according to a closely watched survey . .
england captain alastair cook has the ` ` right - sized feet '' in the final test against india , says captain michael clarke .
the bbc 's sports personality of the year 2015 will be a ` ` great event '' in belfast .
martin goretzka scored a hat - trick as germany beat mexico to reach the world cup semi - finals .
welsh cyclist becky james 's recovery from a knee injury is ` ` realistic '' , her partner emma sutton says .
austria striker haryn has been ruled out of their euro 2016 qualifier against austria because of a knee injury .
a trust that ran stafford hospital has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
the co - founder of yahoo 's news digest app has said he is considering taking a role in the technology .
northern ireland 's agri - food supplier asda has said it will increase the prices of milk .
david cameron has unveiled plans to double the amount of free childcare for three and four - year - olds in england .
a drink - driving driver who was found lying in the back of his car has been banned from driving .
tennis star andy murray has given birth to his first child , his mother has confirmed , the bbc understands .
newport gwent dragons head coach kingsley jones says he would like to see oliver griffiths joining the lions .
a new report has concluded that northern ireland 's housing scheme will not work with a single proportion of affordable homes .
employers in the uk are continuing to work out the ` ` ramifications '' of hiring staff , according to a report .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city youngster luke cooper on a one - month loan deal for the rest of the season .
a group of london fans have signed a petition against the rental of west ham 's london stadium .
conor mcgregor has apologised to conor mcgregor after he was heckled by conor mcgregor in las vegas .
huddersfield town head coach david wagner has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- has opened its doors to the public for the first time .
harry shearer , who provided the voice for the hit us sitcom the simpsons , has left the show .
when canadian entrepreneur christian godin started his own company , he had no idea that he had to start his own business .
a rugby player who died after suffering a head injury during a game has been named by a university lecturer .
former arkansas governor mike huckabee has announced his intention to run for the 2016 us presidency .
hundreds of workers at sports direct have staged a protest against the use of zero - hour contracts .
an 18-year - old woman has died after a two - vehicle crash in west belfast .
manchester city 's hopes of reaching the semi - finals of the women 's super league were dented by a first - half strike from midfielder ruby walsh .
scotland head coach vern cotter says he is ` ` happy '' with his side 's performance in the 33 - 13 win over japan .
boris johnson has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' about his decision to step down as an independent candidate .
the number of child sex offences recorded by police forces in england and wales has risen , the nspcc has said .
twelve people have been jailed after a drugs trafficking operation in newport and newport was linked to organised crime .
a campaign group in the democratic republic of congo has called for a referendum on the country 's new constitution .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has announced a plan to introduce a reduced tariff system for northern ireland ministers .
manchester united have signed netherlands striker memphis depay from psv eindhoven for an undisclosed fee .
manchester city have signed striker izzy brownhill from preston north end on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the number of new accounts opening in the uk 's largest savings accounts -lrb- isas -rrb- has fallen .
danny swanson has signed a new contract with st johnstone that will keep him at the club until 2020 .
the scottish premiership 's longest - running debt crisis has been reduced to a quarter of the season .
danny hylton 's second - half goal earned luton a 1 - 1 draw at luton .
iraqi forces have broken the siege of a town in the north - eastern town of amerli .
belgium has declared a ` ` black day '' for those affected by the attacks in the city of zaventem .
the number of people buying dogs in wales has dropped by more than a third in the last year , figures obtained by bbc wales show .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is set to meet the prime minister in london later .
england batsman graeme swann says the team are ` ` not far off '' in the one - day series against india .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark ftse 100 ended the day lower , with the ftse 100 closing down .
england manager gareth southgate says he is ` ` hopeful '' that wilfried zaha will be allowed to switch to ivory coast .
a foot found in a park in bristol is being treated as a medical aid , police have said .
residents have said they will be ` ` heart and soul '' to save a boulder which has been hit by a car .
all photographs courtesy gareth iwan jones , the bbc 's new documentary photography programme , are to be published .
cornish pirates coach ian davies says his side were ` ` completely justified '' after being sent off in the loss to exeter chiefs .
scotland 's transport minister has said the closure of the forth road bridge is ` ` a fault '' .
firefighters in england and wales have ended a long - running dispute over pensions , the government has said .
the first women in wales to be ordained as the first female bishop of st davids is to be held in wales .
a us radio telescope has been saved by a crowdfunding campaign to save it from alien life .
saudi arabia is one of the world 's most densely populated countries , with its reputation as an oil exporter .
at least 32 people have been killed in a suicide bomb blast in the somali capital mogadishu .
work is under way on a new multi - million pound emergency centre in dumfries .
bangladesh 's prime minister narendra modi has said his country has no problem with terrorism .
the brother of a british man who went missing in thailand has said he is ` ` shocked '' to find his brother 's body .
portadown will face ballinamallard united in the premiership play - off final on saturday .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be prepared '' warning for flooding in north wales .
plans to turn leeds 's city centre into a ` ` motorway city '' have been unveiled .
it 's one of the world 's most expensive films , train to busan , a south korean cinema has become the latest film to hit the world .
the oldest church in the uk has a record number of bells that are thought to be the oldest in the country .
scotland 's all - time high - ranked hockey world league 2 team will be a ` ` tough game '' for the national team .
a us airman has been killed by so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq , the us military says .
education secretary margaret atwell has been named as one of the uk 's best - known authors .
us entrepreneur elon musk has said he was ` ` delighted '' to work on an investigation into facebook 's rocket launch .
a woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in county antrim .
the former head of a charity that cares for the poorest of the world has died aged 82 .
the co - operative has apologised after a spelling mistake was painted over by a council .
the leader of the labour party is to announce plans to increase support for carers in the next election .
tony bellew and david haye have clashed with each other during their fight against tony bellew .
a defibrillators has been stolen from a village hall in somerset , prompting a police investigation .
force india driver sergio perez has signed a two - year contract extension to stay at the team until 2018 .
a university has apologised after publishing an image of jennifer lawrence 's character in a leak .
iran 's president hassan rouhani has arrived in italy for the first time since his visit to france .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has found jean - pierre bemba guilty of war crimes in the democratic republic of congo .
a japanese man who left a seven - year - old boy stranded in a remote part of a dual carriageway has apologised .
hollywood star barbra streisand has said she will be ` ` thrilled '' to have her name changed .
the introduction of a ban on smoking in scotland 's pubs and clubs has been described as a ` ` landmark step '' .
hundreds of people have taken part in the funeral of a western woman who died fighting so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
human remains have been found in the search for a man who went missing 20 years ago , police have said .
shortening the dna section of dna section in blood cancer patients has been identified by cardiff university researchers .
harry potter star david tennant has said he is ` ` humbled out '' in a new play about the ` ` hypocrisy '' of the world .
the uk 's exit from the eu would cost the economy more than # 6,000 a year , according to a think tank .
canadian carmaker general motors -lrb- gm -rrb- is to invest $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- in its research and development of driverless cars .
kanye west has said he wants to work with us furniture company ikea to make his own home .
a motorcyclist who died following a crash on the isle of man has been named by police .
england batsman graeme mullaney 's unbeaten century helped surrey to a three - wicket win over surrey at trent bridge .
a three - year - old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in barry .
an event has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the creation of an island 's pioneering movement .
the us has agreed to pay compensation to a chinese company that supplied us - made equipment to iran .
pope francis has marked the start of the catholic church service at the colosseum -lrb- is -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match was abandoned because of an alleged assault .
two ex - offenders who have spent more than nine years in prison are hoping to get jobs .
children who have read frequently at the age of 16 are less likely to be able to develop their language , a study suggests .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on friday , recovering from the previous session 's losses .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has backtracking claims that he saw a video of him apparently swapping money to iran .
a canadian hostage who was kidnapped by islamist group al - qaeda in the philippines has been killed .
facebook 's pro - independence activist justin bich has said he is ` ` delighted '' to be able to use his name .
labour leader ed miliband has said he is ` ` appalled '' about the prospect of a labour government deal with the snp .
the future of a gwynedd nuclear power plant could be at risk , according to a report .
a police force has taken to social media to warn parents that they will go to jail if they are bad .
the family of scottish judo star stephanie inglis have spoken of their anger after a motorbike crash in vietnam .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead in a street in leeds .
police in the western state of maharashtra have launched an inquiry after an indian couple claimed to have climbed mount everest .
the uk government has formally signed a contract to build the hinkley nuclear power station in somerset .
it 's one of the biggest sporting events in the world , the championship is a fitting way for nottingham forest fans .
the number of people voting in council elections in england has fallen since 2012 , the electoral commission has said .
an inquest into the death of a man in a fall at a hospital in county antrim has been called ` ` gross systemic failure '' .
a woman has been charged with assaulting a police officer during a performance of lord of the dance .
a police helicopter pilot has been jailed for eight years for secretly filming people having sex on a show .
australia is to increase its military support to fight the taliban , the country 's government has announced .
great britain 's rob page won olympic gold in the women 's trampoline event in rio .
the mother of a man who died after being kept in a laboratory by police -lrb- gmp -rrb- has said it is ` ` absolutely horrendous '' .
a man who was beaten by a gang of masked men at his home in londonderry has said he feared for his safety .
north ferriby 's hopes of reaching the national league play - offs were dented by bromley .
forest green rovers have signed teenage striker ben davies on a two - year contract after he turned down a new contract .
meet katie thompson , who has a severe epileptic seizure , is recovering from an epileptic seizure .
munster 's glenn murray is set to miss the european cup quarter - final against sale after being cleared of concussion .
dundee moved to within a point of the premiership play - off places with a thumping win over motherwell .
two eggs have been set up at a northumberland museum to give them a glimpse of a ` ` robot '' .
papers in china are marking the first day of campaigning against the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- ruling .
in the wake of the tunisia terror attack , the bbc 's sally sabi explores the memories of the attack that killed six people .
construction of a controversial oil pipeline has begun on the final phase of the project in the us , officials say .
west brom manager tony pulis says he would be ` ` delighted '' by the club 's poor start to the season .
no 10 has said it will not accept threats made against the government over its handling of an investigation into a newspaper 's alleged affair .
nhs 24 has confirmed it is to phase out the roll - out of its new mobile phone system .
the use of physical punishment in children in scotland and wales is ` ` weak and inconsistent '' , according to a new report .
a british backpacker has been jailed after pleading guilty to indecently assaulting a group of british tourists .
the long - standing border between iraq and syria has become one of the most secretive countries in the world .
a bangladeshi man who was jailed for 15 years for trying to cross the border to pakistan has been reunited with his family .
the parents of a woman murdered by her ex - girlfriend have told a court they thought her daughter was murdered .
two police forces involved in a crash which left a man dead and seriously injured , an inquest has heard .
the church in wales has scrapped plans for a new school campus in gwynedd , after a campaign by the church .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a collision with a car in bangor .
businesses in snowdonia are being asked to contribute to a community - wide project to help fund a scheme to help them .
a new mother whose ovarian tissue was removed from her ovarian tissue has said she is ` ` delighted '' to have a family .
leicester city manager craig shakespeare says he would be ` ` very happy '' to get the job short - term .
friends of murdered mp jo cox have raised more than # 6,000 in a crowdfunding appeal .
a new exhibition at the former auschwitz concentration camp has opened in the city 's capital , tel aviv .
two police officers have been taken to hospital after they were injured in a collision with a car in aberdeen .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said a plan to build a border wall with mexico would be ` ` disastrous '' .
a campaign to promote a ` ` free '' opening of trading in perth is to be launched later .
jakarta 's main opposition party -lrb- pdi -rrb- has won the general election in a closely contested vote .
fifa president sepp blatter has rejected a suggestion that he could be replaced by jeffrey webb .
a court in germany has adjourned the trial of a far - right extremist accused of involvement in the murder of eight turkish activists .
police in south africa say they are investigating the killing of a man who was shot dead in the capital , pretoria .
jack grigg 's late goal earned league one survival - bound wigan a draw with colchester .
wasps moved level on points with premiership leaders wasps with a bonus - point win over bath at the ricoh arena .
millwall 's hopes of automatic promotion from league one were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by millwall .
a man accused of stealing thousands of pounds from a burglary suspect has had his bail rejected .
american skier lindsey vonn has become the first woman to win a world cup downhill title in a row .
labour leader jeremy corbyn and david cameron have clashed over the issue of prime minister 's questions .
former yorkshire and yorkshire cricket club captain jimmy appleyard has died at the age of 87 , the club have announced .
the opening date for the new queensferry crossing has been delayed until the end of the year .
former inverness caledonian thistle manager chris christie believes the club 's youngsters are too scared to play .
in the early hours of the morning , i was out of a village in north - western scotland .
the university of wales -lrb- ucas -rrb- is the most likely to apply for university places , new figures show .
a man accused of murdering a policeman has told a court he was ` ` deliberately killed '' .
songwriter and songwriter richard sarstedt has died at the age of 82 , his family have confirmed .
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has spent six months in jail for his role in organising a charity .
a charity event is to be held in memory of two people who were seriously injured when a rollercoaster crash .
durham 's hopes of a first county championship win of the season were dented by durham 's batting collapse .
a south african man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in south africa .
in the first few days of this week 's argentine presidential election , journalist mauricio macri 's short - term plan to turn around the world .
the number of people taking a potentially dangerous drug in england has risen by more than 50 % , figures show .
a group campaigning for the uk to leave the eu has called for a ` ` fair , forward - thinking '' immigration system .
more than half of babies born with a cleft lip or palate have not been diagnosed within 24 hours .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- has said it is ` ` very concerned '' about security in bangladesh .
the family of a woman who died after being cared for by a mental health trust have criticised a report .
britain 's tom matthews won stage seven of the tour de france as britain 's chris froome retained the yellow jersey .
a ` ` virtual museum of the moon '' has been installed in bristol 's great hall .
scientists say they have found a new way to decommission the world 's most powerful cement .
two street gangs in honduras have announced a truce in the capital , manaus , to end violence .
a parade has been held in conwy county to mark the 150th anniversary of the birth of the royal goat .
a man is being sought by police after he was hit with a golf club in west lothian .
the amount of money spent on private ambulances in england has risen , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
the fbi has said it is ` ` serious '' that it will not investigate allegations that malaysian prime minister najib razak was responsible for a us government fund .
a major power cut in the ukrainian capital , kiev , may have been caused by a major hack .
in the north - eastern town of consett , a group of young men are looking for a new mp .
ivory coast 's cheick tiote has been laid to rest at a memorial service in beijing .
plans to build a new spaceport in argyll and bute have been unveiled by the scottish government .
rule the world has become the first irish grand national winner to win the grand national at aintree .
the government is to spend # 1bn on improving services for the elderly , the chancellor has announced .
a blackpool fan has won a high court battle against the club 's owners over their online comments .
there is a sense of military support for the uk 's defence , and it is n't the only part of the general election campaign .
colombia 's nicolas dusmatov won olympic gold in the men 's middleweight final in rio .
england manager roy hodgson says he has ` ` no doubts '' about his team 's ` ` patriotism or desire '' .
ceredigion is set to host the national eisteddfod in 2016 , it has been announced .
two - thirds of mothers in wales are planning to breastfeed , a survey has found .
the uk government has not yet agreed on the fiscal framework , according to the uk 's finance minister .
jeremy clarkson 's decision to drop top gear host the bbc has sparked anger and anger in france .
us president donald trump is meeting in washington to discuss the growing threat from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
a ukrainian man who lost his citizenship in world war two has won a legal battle against canada to strip him of his citizenship .
the internet of things is a problem with the web of things , according to researchers at rapid7 .
cuba 's president raul castro has urged lawmakers to ` ` clean our heads of politics '' as part of efforts to cut state jobs .
the battle for the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in baghdad has ended .
police officers in wales are to be trained with the public to keep their cameras on hold , it has been announced .
the former head of the bbc trust , mark thompson , has told mps that he could not have been surprised if the corporation had done more .
two schools rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted have been placed in special measures by the government .
rescuers in the italian city of amatrice say they are still searching for the victims of a powerful earthquake .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead at a house in somerset .
george cole , best known for playing a cockney evacuee in the 1950s , has died aged 91 .
theresa may has been accused of ` ` driving the uk out of the single market '' by the prime minister .
german chancellor angela merkel has said the us is ` ` grave '' over allegations of spying by the us .
police scotland are investigating a series of scams in edinburgh in which two people are being hunted by police .
a five - year - old girl who was diagnosed with leukaemia has been given the all clear by the welsh blood service .
the operator of a north sea platform has said he is ` ` shocked '' to have been exposed to radioactive material .
typhoon hagupit has battered the coast of the philippines , leaving at least one person dead and thousands missing .
an electoral reform society has called for an independent review of the way people vote in the eu referendum .
macedonia 's president branislav ivanov has ordered an end to the ` ` agony '' of the country 's political crisis .
lord strathclyde 's former deputy leader of the house of lords has quit the party .
police are investigating the disappearance of a mountain rescuer who went missing from his home in powys .
a kenyan student has told the bbc that she was ` ` too scared '' to return home after being shot by islamist militants .
west indies batsman chris gayle has said he is ` ` not embarrassed '' by comments he made about his ` ` aggressive behaviour '' .
the european commission has rejected a plan to limit the amount of migrants are allowed to leave the eu .
greg eden scored a hat - trick of tries as castleford came from behind to beat leigh centurions .
beth mead says she is ` ` on fire '' after signing a new professional contract with sunderland .
shares of one of china 's largest solar firms have fallen after the firm suspended trading on thursday .
a us company has raised the price of a drug that has been sold for $ 1.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.6 m -rrb- .
two police officers have been arrested after a woman was hit by a car in county londonderry .
the uk 's top universities are slipping away from international competition , according to the times higher education rankings .
liverpool striker christian benteke is set to leave the club at the end of the season , bbc sport understands .
the duke of cambridge 's final shift at raf valley in anglesey has been called off by the royal family .
japan 's nikkei share index ended higher on friday , boosted by the country 's economy .
boris johnson 's claim that the uk will allow unripe bananas to be sold in ` ` bunches of bananas '' has sparked debate in the eu .
shares in japan 's nikkei fell on wednesday after the country 's benchmark nikkei index fell .
the family of a woman who died in a two - car crash in aberdeen have said they are ` ` completely broken and devastated '' .
yafai won the vacant wbc international super - bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over japan 's sulley muranaka .
the family of a man killed in the terror attack in tunisia have paid tribute to the ` ` wonderful young man '' .
former wales captain gareth thomas believes warren gatland 's future as england head coach will be decided .
finding dory has failed to topple the uk box office in its first week of release , takings from the top 10 .
british number two aljaz bedene beat novak djokovic in straight sets to reach the second round of the french open .
in the garden of a village in the north - western turkish city of kobane , the families of a teenager killed in an attack by so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the government 's plans for a seven - day nhs in england could cost thousands of pounds , the bbc understands .
cbbc 's nikki jenner has been speaking to the bbc about how she keeps safe online .
dundee united leapfrogged inverness caledonian thistle into second place in scottish league one with a 2 - 0 win over montrose .
yorkshire have confirmed they will play their first day - night test against pakistan at headingley next summer .
australia and china have agreed to resume trade in live cattle to china , the country 's government says .
a mental health patient who was evicted from a hospital has said he has been ` ` forced to leave '' .
serena williams has become the first female sports player to win a grand slam title , becoming the first woman to win the title .
a teenager has died after falling from a statue of the british general redvers buller in a fall .
the ballymena united fan of the french team has been honoured by the french football association -lrb- psg -rrb- .
prime minister david cameron 's wife has spoken of the ` ` surreal and difficult situation '' after the death of her baby son .
an earthquake in china has hit the north - western state of dongxi province , killing at least 15 people , officials say .
vauxhall has said it is investigating the cause of fires that have caused some cars to burst into flames .
west brom striker jordan williams is set to miss the rest of the season with a groin injury .
plans to move troops from germany to the uk from germany have been unveiled by the ministry of defence .
the daughter of big ben has said she is ` ` absolutely horrified '' to find out why she wants to do so .
a saudi source has told the bbc that malaysian prime minister najib razak was involved in a donation to the saudi government .
the uk 's first nuclear - powered nuclear - powered submarines has been unveiled at the ministry of defence .
the inquiry into the glasgow bin lorry crash which killed six people has heard that the driver was fit to return to work .
saracens have signed england lock calum clark from leeds rhinos .   's european and european champions cup finalists saracens .
the first round of the uk snooker championship will be staged at the barbican centre in sheffield .
england batsman joe root hit a career - best 98 as nottinghamshire lost to warwickshire in the one - day cup .
league one strugglers gillingham came from behind to beat gillingham and move into the play - off places .
american skier lindsey vonn has become the first woman to win a world cup downhill title in germany .
a ferry has capsized off the coast of aberdeenshire in the early hours of saturday morning , the fire service has confirmed .
high winds have brought high winds to parts of wales , with gusts of up to 70 mph .
scotland 's youngest mp , michelle black , has been named as the youngest mp of the year .
scotland 's first minister , nicola sturgeon , has topped a list of the world 's most powerful women .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of membership of so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a man who groomed a 15-year - old girl in a shopping centre has been jailed for four years .
in a village near the eastern ukrainian city of pisky , the bbc 's world war two correspondent has been talking about the experiences of the conflict .
thousands of people are expected to attend this year 's winter 's winter sculpture festival in canada .
adebayo akinfenwa 's brace helped wycombe to a 1 - 0 win over exeter at adams park .
wales internationals sam warburton and sam warburton have signed new dual contracts with the welsh rugby union .
danny williams ' first - half goal earned doncaster rovers a narrow win over doncaster rovers in league one .
graeme mcdowell carded a six - under - par 66 to win the scottish open at royal troon .
waiting times for heart surgery in wales are ` ` not high '' , a leading surgeon has said .
japanese professor arai has been testing artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- in the us .
more than 50,000 people have been told to leave their homes in the city of antwerp .
the search for missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has resumed , the australian government has said .
barcelona have completed the signing of chinese midfielder paulinho on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
russian mps have backed a bill to decriminalise ` ` smacking children '' in the home .
russia 's parliament has approved two separate bills that would allow people to be able to apply for russian passports .
bbc radio foyle broadcaster gerry anderson has been inducted into the bbc 's hall of fame .
a scottish artist has completed a series of long - term tours of the north west of scotland .
organisers of this year 's t in the park festival -lrb- trnsmt -rrb- have announced plans for a new festival .
a ` ` drug addiction centre '' could be created in wrexham to help tackle the problem of drug addiction .
the uk 's economic recovery is set to begin this week , with the release of a new year .
manchester united have re - signed paul scholes on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
the number of children who have gone missing in northern ireland is being investigated by the health and social care board .
the mother of a teenage girl who was murdered by her ex - boyfriend has been found guilty of her murder .
thousands of people will be able to get on trains from cardiff central station on saturday , the welsh assembly has announced .
an investigation has been launched after a fire at a house in aberdeenshire left a man dead and two others injured .
an 11-year - old american boy has become the youngest ever recipient of the irish national championships .
a new film about mental health issues is to be shot in powys , it has been announced .
the us has announced a series of sanctions against venezuela 's president nicolas maduro , accusing the us of ` ` anti - government '' .
a series of children 's children 's books is to be published in october , it has been announced .
virtual reality enthusiasts are being offered a virtual reality tour of nottingham 's ` ` hidden world '' caves .
honeymoon tycoon shrien dewani has been cleared of planning to murder his wife in south africa .
the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has been a major blow for the campaign .
the us federal reserve 's decision to raise interest rates by 0.6 % has been widely criticised .
bbc sport has extended its television coverage of the 2017 six nations championship to a further four years , it has been announced .
at least eight people have been killed in a fire at a factory in north - eastern bangladesh , police say .
the scottish inquiry into historical child abuse has been launched by the chairwoman of the inquiry into abuse .
the ulster unionist leader has said he is ` ` confident '' the party will go into the assembly election .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a county londonderry man has been given a three - week suspended sentence after he was found guilty of driving offences .
a jersey care inquiry has heard how a man was sexually abused by a member of staff at the state care home .
a french toy designer has died at the age of 91 , his company has confirmed . . . .   < q >
workers at the michelin factory in county antrim have said they are ` ` not interested '' in the closure of the plant .
burundi 's opposition leader pierre rwasa has said he will not be intimidated by a gunman who shot his wife in the capital bujumbura .
duran have filed a legal case against a us company that owns the group 's headquarters in the us .
ben affleck has won the directors guild awards -lrb- dga -rrb- award for his role in the film argo .
motherwell assistant manager mark mcghee says he has ` ` no concerns '' about his future at fir park .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in londonderry .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
