-lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   and they are struggling in the aftermath .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .
the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .
with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club .
a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , the sun reported .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .
justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history .   justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .
a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today .   zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   both of them were left homeless when hurricane sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the us in october 2012 .
chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game .
the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .
it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family .   it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii .   the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge .
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead .
the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa .   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .
bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute .   the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time .
the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight .   ' i feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday .   the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators .
arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league .
to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts .   at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .
andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open .   murray plays a forehand against djokovic in the final during the miami open at crandon park tennis center .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   nominations closed on april 9 .
britt mchenry is back to work .   her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .
a mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .   chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .
it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future .
the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .   it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .
a texas highway was thrown into chaos on friday when the door of brinks armored truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road .   drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .
the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   mr elfwick said the film was anti-women .
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   and she loves a selfie !
twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .
father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole .   the smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post .   the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .
a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history .   the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   hotspot : bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .
islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer .   ' a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years .
an 18-year-old university of carolina freshman who was found dead after a st patrick 's day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   the death is still under investigation .
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .   a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .
a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released .   the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon .
but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine .   the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   his plan ?
the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .
former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk .
a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .
that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california .
justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday .   he was 87 .
a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .
a teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing .   dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   ' rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   ` from now on , i am a former president of the icc .   , ' kamal said .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   the `` zero '' is a massive burden .   floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight .
cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up .   winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   ' simon is now hoping to open a restaurant of his own .
here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent .   swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .
matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   scroll down for video .   and matt has plenty of extracurricular activities of his own .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .
thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four .   thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win .
a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .   domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .
lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   ' said bracco .
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   a british barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .
ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   and he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 1964 , it was ranked 16th most popular .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success .   his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain .
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   metallics .   metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .
but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   it was august 2013 and bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .
prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix .
when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .   but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest .   two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ` what happened in the grand final was a massive mistake .
inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   there are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments .
steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england .   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   ' finn 's claims will be music to the selectors ' ears as they begin to fret about england 's fast-bowling stocks .
armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   a holidaymaker who jetted off to cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .
usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   scroll down for video .
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract .
one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .
brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens .   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .
rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   mcilroy was filmed battling with fellow northern irishman dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1 .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .   ' then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   this is it .
heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   delayed : qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport .
an old bailey judge has blasted his junior colleague for ` taking his eye off the ball ' and passing an ` unlawful ' sentence when letting a bt manager dodge jail for a # 28,000 expenses scam .   wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .
all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career .
needless to say , we were disappointed to see julio cesar chavez jnr lose at the weekend against andrzej fonfara .   carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week .
eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .   the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .   incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .
steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium .   mesut ozil and alexis sanchez , bought for a total of more than # 70million , combined to open the scoring .   despite the defeat , clarke will hope the performance will inspire a premier league return .
england have finally arrived home from turin after their delayed flight landed at manchester airport following tuesday night 's 1-1 draw with italy .   the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for roy hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay .   stopping in manchester for the side 's northern-based players and staff before moving on to london , players from manchester united , manchester city , everton , liverpool , aston villa and stoke city all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the barclays premier league this weekend .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .   virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .   reasoning : virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .
rome -lrb- cnn -rrb- the italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of sicily , the italian military said friday .   the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -lrb- 56 miles -rrb- from the libyan port of misrata , according to a statement from the italian joint forces .   `` they were armed .
a coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online .   astrophysics undergraduate torin lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother jacques , 20 , in a pub in manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of mdma after ordering the drug via the web .   at bolton coroner 's court today , alan walsh said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way .
but kendall and baylee are no ordinary twins .   father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall -lrb- centre left -rrb- and baylee -lrb- centre right -rrb- who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics .   miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican .
the new ` skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in yunyang county , southwest china , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home .   the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .   work on the # 3.7 million structure started in march last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day .
liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the fa cup rather than steven gerrard , according to reds legend robbie fowler .   gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join major league soccer side la galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading brendan rodgers ' side to the final at wembley .   gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .   what exactly is `` service of process '' ?   one form of alternate service is `` nail and mail '' service .
a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .   now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust -lrb- uclh -rrb- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course .   england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy .   england captain wayne rooney -lrb- centre -rrb- looks to get a shot in at the italian goal on tuesday .
the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .   a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show .
kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races .   swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov. sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .   the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .
a video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside , may be enough to scramble your brain .   youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it !   ' while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .   the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .   an estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .   ms shepherd , from cobham , surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 .   she was my best friend .
estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   the annual levy will hit his own home in north london -lrb- right -rrb- .   mr miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .
mitchell keenan , with his father keith , who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent .   the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home .   mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night .   john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday .   newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league .
ipswich boss mick mccarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club wolves moved town closer to securing a place in the skybet championship play-offs .   mick mccarthy 's ipswich were denied three points as rivals wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on saturday .   it is lovely to have .
police in rhein erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field .   police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .   they discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula -lrb- aqap -rrb- before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   scroll down for video .
the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson .   the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   ` it was a little awkward .
sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle .   head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .   newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery .
sofia , the middle child of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia abramovich - the daughter of chelsea owner roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity .   but now sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .
the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast .   nine have yet to be found .
a russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   javier hernandez wheels away after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final .   the mexico striker 's late goal was enough to send real madrid through to the semi-finals .
in 2008 , naomi jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   overnight , she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .   naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .   but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   michael hanline , 69 , pictured with wife sandy , has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit .
a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters .   it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia .
seoul , south korea -lrb- cnn -rrb- on march 20 , 2013 , a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in south korea .   then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .   and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .
the video - filmed by a passer-by in shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports people 's daily online .   police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .   video footage captured the moment fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in germany .   jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer .   a downcast klopp during dortmund 's 3-1 loss to borussia monchengladbach at the weekend .
disgraced former virginia gov. bob mcdonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court wednesday , arguing that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme .   the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals .   mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption .
an ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a holland america cruise ship docked in puerto rico .   the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz told the associated press .   cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle , authorities said .   brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   the shooter is in custody at the lacey police station .
the firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook 's site .   tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .   tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .
moors murderer ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .   the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .   brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .
they are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .   the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   the origin of the photos is not known .
a man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle .   the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station just before 10pm on sunday .   a man deliberately drove his dark blue ford falcon ute into the doors of the harts range police station .
for the first time in the annals of boxing -- as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .   floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina -lrb- left -rrb- and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee -lrb- right -rrb- .   mayweather visits subzero recovery in las vegas , a new-age version of the ice bath .
hillary clinton 's now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials -- and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end .   scroll down for videos .   secret service agents parked hillary clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot on thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with democratic party officials .
a 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at washington county jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .   brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .   the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   the thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled .
guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the french .   invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .   napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths .
doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .   the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   it 's plain stupid .
the sum is almost five times the prime minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of nhs practices .   a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .   more than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .
with less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old jackson byrnes from northern new south wales has accumulated close to the target on hisgofundme page .   three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .
ramsey 's qpr , who face pulis 's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday , are 19th in the barclay 's premier league table -- four points adrift of sunderland in 17th .   chris ramsey praised tony pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with west brom in the premier league .   not just here , at any club .
brendan rodgers has come out fighting after suffering wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead liverpool next season .   ' liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season .   steven gerrard -lrb- left -rrb- trains alongside jordan henderson , who signed a new liverpool contract on thursday .
a former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him , a court has heard .   hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .   this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal .
a new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .   with 47 % compared to only 40 % of men .   just under half -lrb- 47 per cent -rrb- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over britain and ireland , experts say .   the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh .   the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh .
looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .   ' 86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22 .   the images show the new footwear which sees stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on .
traitor edward snowden has revealed he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked -- a move which put lives at risk from terrorists .   in a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from gchq and the us national security agency .   the former us spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda .
military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid .   most buildings are not up to high construction standards .   the guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .   not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   while in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes -- today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .   the 20-year-old scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania at wembley last friday night .   the liverpool manager prepares his team to take on arsenal on saturday at the emirates stadium .
uefa has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute .
a young waitress has claimed that england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub .   the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   lennon , who has 21 england caps , lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   but that has n't stopped skin-obsessed new yorkers from flocking to the manhattan location .
rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over raith rovers .   nicky clark celebrates after putting rangers 1-0 up against raith rovers on sunday .   stuart mccall had suffered his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week .
total cost , according to his favourite website tmz , is $ 25,000 .   floyd mayweather -lrb- left -rrb- vs manny pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on may 2 .   pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 -lrb- # 67.48 -rrb- to watch the fight .
four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for angela kelly , 67 .   though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s all england badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support .   but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .
charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .   the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .   located in the heart of downtown toronto , the cn tower offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario .   toronto 's cn tower is one of canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .
it proved too much too soon for paris saint-germain 's david luiz as the brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain thiago silva in the first half against barcelona .   luis suarez torments a less-than-fit david luiz on a night to forget at parc des princes for the brazilian .   suarez celebrates as he scores a double in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday night .
chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status .   rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points as they prepare for a london derby at home to west ham .   queens park rangers boss chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins .
an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .   the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .   following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .
a missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born .   for the first time , zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home .   when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .
now new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .   over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week .   the cannabinoid , also commonly called ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .
the red cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into yemen after receiving approval from the saudi-led military coalition , an icrc spokeswoman said .   the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis .   the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the outburst unfolded as kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .   he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday .
two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said .   she claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter .
the 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with floyd mayweather on may 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .   but the philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank american film director spike lee and tito mikey for their support so far .   manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey ahead of his bout vs floyd mayweather .
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   the barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3-1 win over psg in the champions league quarter final to put the spanish side firmly in control in the tie .   suarez says his the tie is not over despite the two goal lead .
a 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .   alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august .   vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .   ghost ships : a number of the remaining ships in the united states ' national defense reserve fleet lay moored in james river , virginia .   helping hand : the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 , in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies .
confusion over ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   confusion over ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .
the macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy 15 years ago .   his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   the alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years .
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed , indian media reported .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday .   but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .   now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .
justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   mrs miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at turf moor .   arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league .   burnley manager sean dyche shakes hands with wenger following arsenal 1-0 victory at turf moor .
a militant group which opposes both isis and the syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   these men form a small part of jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011 .
according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres .   the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. .   the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel .
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer .   ' jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer .   klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30 .
it has long been a complaint that all politicians are the same .   now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .   cambridge !
since herman melville penned his novel moby dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .   now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .
many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the national union of teachers -lrb- nut -rrb- .   at its annual conference in harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .   teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .   however , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .   kim callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight .
a researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   the bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in europe , on show in ljubljana .   the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .
carl froch will be a keen observer when julio cesar chavez jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .   froch had hoped to take on the mexican this month in las vegas but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out .   wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton .
the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .   england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute .
javier hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for real madrid was in the champions league quarter-final against city rivals atletico madrid after the entrance the squad made to the santiago bernabeu .   real madrid defender raphael varane captured the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu on wednesday .   the draw takes place on friday .
