with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   nominations closed on april 9 .
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday .   he was 87 .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 1964 , it was ranked 16th most popular .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .   what exactly is `` service of process '' ?   one form of alternate service is `` nail and mail '' service .
sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course .   england manager roy hodgson pictured at the juventus stadium during tuesday 's friendly against italy .   england captain wayne rooney -lrb- centre -rrb- looks to get a shot in at the italian goal on tuesday .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night .   john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday .   newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league .
an ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a holland america cruise ship docked in puerto rico .   the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz told the associated press .   cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .
moors murderer ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .   the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .   brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .
it has long been a complaint that all politicians are the same .   now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband .   cambridge !
the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .   england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute .
