general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future .
father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole .   the smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway .
a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .
cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up .   winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .
a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .   domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .
but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   it was august 2013 and bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ` what happened in the grand final was a massive mistake .
armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   a holidaymaker who jetted off to cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .
brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .
rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   mcilroy was filmed battling with fellow northern irishman dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1 .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .   ' then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   this is it .
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .   incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .   virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .   reasoning : virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .
rome -lrb- cnn -rrb- the italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of sicily , the italian military said friday .   the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -lrb- 56 miles -rrb- from the libyan port of misrata , according to a statement from the italian joint forces .   `` they were armed .
a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes .   now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust -lrb- uclh -rrb- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .   it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme .   a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show .
the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson .   the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .   ` it was a little awkward .
they are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital -- taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty -- and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors .   the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .   the origin of the photos is not known .
a man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle .   the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station just before 10pm on sunday .   a man deliberately drove his dark blue ford falcon ute into the doors of the harts range police station .
doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .   the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   it 's plain stupid .
the sum is almost five times the prime minister 's # 142,500 pay packet -- and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of nhs practices .   a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 and a total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .   more than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .
rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over britain and ireland , experts say .   the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh .   the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .   not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .   while in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes -- today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks .
uefa has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .   england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute .
total cost , according to his favourite website tmz , is $ 25,000 .   floyd mayweather -lrb- left -rrb- vs manny pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on may 2 .   pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 -lrb- # 67.48 -rrb- to watch the fight .
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .   ghost ships : a number of the remaining ships in the united states ' national defense reserve fleet lay moored in james river , virginia .   helping hand : the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 , in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies .
the macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy 15 years ago .   his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   the alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday .   but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .   now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .
according to the abc , the largest of the stations is anna creek station in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres .   the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. .   the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel .
a researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   the bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in europe , on show in ljubljana .   the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .
