-lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   and they are struggling in the aftermath .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .
a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , the sun reported .
justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history .   justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   both of them were left homeless when hurricane sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the us in october 2012 .
the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .
the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa .   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season .
bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute .   the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time .
andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open .   murray plays a forehand against djokovic in the final during the miami open at crandon park tennis center .
cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   and she loves a selfie !
residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history .   the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   hotspot : bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .
an 18-year-old university of carolina freshman who was found dead after a st patrick 's day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   the death is still under investigation .
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .   a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .
the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   the `` zero '' is a massive burden .   floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight .
here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent .   swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .
ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   and he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens .   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .
all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season .
steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium .   mesut ozil and alexis sanchez , bought for a total of more than # 70million , combined to open the scoring .   despite the defeat , clarke will hope the performance will inspire a premier league return .
but kendall and baylee are no ordinary twins .   father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall -lrb- centre left -rrb- and baylee -lrb- centre right -rrb- who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics .   miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican .
a video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside , may be enough to scramble your brain .   youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it !   ' while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .
estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   the annual levy will hit his own home in north london -lrb- right -rrb- .   mr miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .
sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle .   head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .   newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery .
sofia , the middle child of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia abramovich - the daughter of chelsea owner roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity .   but now sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life .
javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   javier hernandez wheels away after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final .   the mexico striker 's late goal was enough to send real madrid through to the semi-finals .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in germany .   jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club this summer .   a downcast klopp during dortmund 's 3-1 loss to borussia monchengladbach at the weekend .
for the first time in the annals of boxing -- as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in .   floyd mayweather with girlfriend doralie medina -lrb- left -rrb- and manny pacquiao with his wife jinkee -lrb- right -rrb- .   mayweather visits subzero recovery in las vegas , a new-age version of the ice bath .
ramsey 's qpr , who face pulis 's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday , are 19th in the barclay 's premier league table -- four points adrift of sunderland in 17th .   chris ramsey praised tony pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with west brom in the premier league .   not just here , at any club .
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .   located in the heart of downtown toronto , the cn tower offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario .   toronto 's cn tower is one of canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .
it proved too much too soon for paris saint-germain 's david luiz as the brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain thiago silva in the first half against barcelona .   luis suarez torments a less-than-fit david luiz on a night to forget at parc des princes for the brazilian .   suarez celebrates as he scores a double in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday night .
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   the barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3-1 win over psg in the champions league quarter final to put the spanish side firmly in control in the tie .   suarez says his the tie is not over despite the two goal lead .
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed , indian media reported .
justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   mrs miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at turf moor .   arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league .   burnley manager sean dyche shakes hands with wenger following arsenal 1-0 victory at turf moor .
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer .   ' jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer .   klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30 .
many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the national union of teachers -lrb- nut -rrb- .   at its annual conference in harrogate , it will say schools should follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .   teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .
carl froch will be a keen observer when julio cesar chavez jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence .   froch had hoped to take on the mexican this month in las vegas but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out .   wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton .
javier hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for real madrid was in the champions league quarter-final against city rivals atletico madrid after the entrance the squad made to the santiago bernabeu .   real madrid defender raphael varane captured the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu on wednesday .   the draw takes place on friday .
