the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .
a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today .   zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .
it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family .   it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii .   the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .
arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda .
britt mchenry is back to work .   her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .
it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .
the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .   it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .
a texas highway was thrown into chaos on friday when the door of brinks armored truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road .   drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .
the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   mr elfwick said the film was anti-women .
twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post .   the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .
islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer .   ' a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years .
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon .
but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine .   the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   his plan ?
former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk .
a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .
that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california .
justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .
a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   ' rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   ` from now on , i am a former president of the icc .   , ' kamal said .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   ' simon is now hoping to open a restaurant of his own .
matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   scroll down for video .   and matt has plenty of extracurricular activities of his own .
fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .
lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   ' said bracco .
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   a british barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success .   his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain .
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   metallics .   metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk .
prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix .
steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england .   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   ' finn 's claims will be music to the selectors ' ears as they begin to fret about england 's fast-bowling stocks .
usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   scroll down for video .
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract .
one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .
heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   delayed : qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport .
an old bailey judge has blasted his junior colleague for ` taking his eye off the ball ' and passing an ` unlawful ' sentence when letting a bt manager dodge jail for a # 28,000 expenses scam .   wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .
needless to say , we were disappointed to see julio cesar chavez jnr lose at the weekend against andrzej fonfara .   carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week .
eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .   the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .
a coroner has slammed the ease with which illegal drugs can be ordered over the ` dark web ' after two student brothers died consuming ecstasy they had bought online .   astrophysics undergraduate torin lakeman , 19 , died alongside his brother jacques , 20 , in a pub in manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of mdma after ordering the drug via the web .   at bolton coroner 's court today , alan walsh said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may over the deaths , adding that it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way .
liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the fa cup rather than steven gerrard , according to reds legend robbie fowler .   gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join major league soccer side la galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading brendan rodgers ' side to the final at wembley .   gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension .
kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races .   swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov. sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .   the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year .   the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section .   an estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
mitchell keenan , with his father keith , who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent .   the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home .   mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .
police in rhein erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field .   police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby .   they discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula -lrb- aqap -rrb- before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   scroll down for video .
the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast .   nine have yet to be found .
a russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
in 2008 , naomi jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   overnight , she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .   naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .   but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .   michael hanline , 69 , pictured with wife sandy , has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit .
a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters .   it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia .
seoul , south korea -lrb- cnn -rrb- on march 20 , 2013 , a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in south korea .   then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .   and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .
the video - filmed by a passer-by in shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports people 's daily online .   police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .   video footage captured the moment fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .
disgraced former virginia gov. bob mcdonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court wednesday , arguing that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme .   the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals .   mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption .
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle , authorities said .   brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   the shooter is in custody at the lacey police station .
the firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook 's site .   tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .   tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library .
a 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at washington county jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense .   brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .   the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .   the thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled .
guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the french .   invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .   napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths .
with less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old jackson byrnes from northern new south wales has accumulated close to the target on hisgofundme page .   three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .
a former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him , a court has heard .   hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .   this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal .
looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace .   ' 86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22 .   the images show the new footwear which sees stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on .
military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid .   most buildings are not up to high construction standards .   the guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn .
a young waitress has claimed that england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub .   the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   lennon , who has 21 england caps , lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first .   manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   but that has n't stopped skin-obsessed new yorkers from flocking to the manhattan location .
rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over raith rovers .   nicky clark celebrates after putting rangers 1-0 up against raith rovers on sunday .   stuart mccall had suffered his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week .
four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for angela kelly , 67 .   though still a super-fit events organiser , the former over-50s all england badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail 's pace , hanging onto her trolley for support .   but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .
charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour .   the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .
an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky .   the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .   following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .
a missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born .   for the first time , zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home .   when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .
the red cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into yemen after receiving approval from the saudi-led military coalition , an icrc spokeswoman said .   the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis .   the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .
the outburst unfolded as kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .   he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday .
two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said .   she claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter .
the 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with floyd mayweather on may 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history .   but the philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank american film director spike lee and tito mikey for their support so far .   manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey ahead of his bout vs floyd mayweather .
a 46-year-old man was sentenced to life in prison on monday after shooting dead a father and son because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago .   alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august .   vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .
confusion over ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .   ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   confusion over ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials .   the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years .
a militant group which opposes both isis and the syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   these men form a small part of jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011 .
since herman melville penned his novel moby dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales .   now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .   however , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .   kim callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight .
