anuradha koirala is the founder of maiti nepal and the 2010 cnn hero of the year .  she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .  the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins .  the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .  it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  the most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash .
danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million .  the brazil right back has been linked with a move to real madrid .  porto have reached the last eight of this year ' s champions league .
carrie reichert , 43 , claims she felt ' overdressed ' when she saw prince playing strip billiards .  she has now written a book about the night in the eye of the royal story .  ms reichert has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .  she said : ' this surreal moment felt more like a dream : i ' m kissing a prince ! tasting his lips and feeling his tongue ' .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail .  she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .  one of the notes read : ' i am not racist ' .  another said : ' apes were never meant to drive so stop ' .
justin rose finished second in the masters after carding 14 - under - par .  rory mcilroy had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .  rose was looking to become the first european player to win the us open and masters .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim .  she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into huminski ' s car .  chloe ' s mother , named only as isabelle , ‘ heard her daughter ’ s screams ’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in calais - but was unable to do anything .  dna evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ' strangulation and sexual violence ' .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says she has met the love of her life .  the 62 - year - old ' s home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn was also destroyed .  ms diano didn ' t evacuate during hurricane sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats .
cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from charlie adam .  the chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam ' s flailing arm during their 2 - 1 win over jose mourinho ' s side .  the 27 - year - old joked that he could finally get his nose fixed .
maren sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at milford ' s jonathan law high school in milford , connecticut on april 25 , 2014 .  a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder as an adult .  the event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by sanchez ' s mother .
leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and has to be cut to 20ft in shade .  audrey alexander , 54 , claims trees knocked £20 , 000 off the value of her house .  she claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches .  high hedge act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden .
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon .  the 62 - year - old was jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband shot dead .  she was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way through the city centre to the oblates in the city ' s inchicore suburb .  the course is part of her pre - release plan to help her integrate back into society once freed .
didier drogba has been awarded the barclays spirit of the game award .  the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday .  the 37 - year - old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .
figures from the catholic church show number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .  she is now living in their house in willesden , north london , while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience .
bobby zamora opened the scoring for qpr with a 25 - yard strike from a narrow angle .  charlie austin headed qpr ' s second goal of the game on the 35th minute .  qpr went in 3 - 0 ahead at half - time thanks to eduardo vargas in the 58th minute .
drew miller was very lucky the skate didn ' t hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday .  detroit ' s mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor .  miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment , including stitches .
jurgen klopp will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .  arsenal vice - captain per mertesacker says he would be a top manager in the premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .  the 47 - year - old announced he would end his seven - year stint at dortmund when the current season draws to a close .
fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple ' s official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .  these include listings for an ios battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer .  this includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30 - minute workout with music .
andy murray marries fiancee kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .  the 27 - year - old scot confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list when he marries kim sears .  murray flew back after his miami open final defeat to runaway world no 1 novak djokovic on sunday .  the only non - british player likely to attend is jean - julien rojer , a doubles specialist from the dutch antilles who has a base in miami .
paula dunican spent £25 on the coat at her local branch in canterbury .  she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' from the its lining .  inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  asda apologised and offered her a refund and £40 voucher .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper .  he had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by - election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as ' the eurovisionary carroll ' .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry , 28 , has been suspended for a week .  footage shows her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother - of - three at a towing firm in virginia on april 6 .  when she picked it up , she resorted to insulting the employee ' s looks , intelligence , and social status .  despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28 - year - old to her role with a spot on sportscenter .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .  the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20 , 000 times and is getting rave reviews .  users say they like it because it contains all the information in one easily - accessible place .
michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent £7 , 500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  his mother , joy , is worried her son is pinning too much on the transplant .  she said : ' i just want to feel normal , to feel like a normal shape and do things without thinking about it all the time ' .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet - fnr car .  it has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' .  the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .  it was developed in shanghai by gm ’ s pan asia technical automotive centre ( patac ) joint venture .  chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ’
lynne abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night ' s hour - long debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia .  the former philadelphia district attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .  mayoral candidate nelson diaz came to abraham ' s aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .  abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won ' t impact her campaign .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .  got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .  a video posted on facebook shows motorists desperately grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say .  said star wars films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' .  said darth vader listens to rap music - ' it ' s just a really bad racial stereotype ' .
kathy ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' cuban kim kardashian ' by the city ' s fashion crowd .  the miami - based latina is known for strutting her stuff on the region ' s balmy beaches .  her instagram profile ' kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars .
jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from social network .  most claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . now twitter has confirmed its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
residents on greville street say they were hit by ' peculiar ' power cuts .  they also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday .  but they thought this was a continuation of road works that had been taking place .  scotland yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene .  but it was graded as ' no police response was deemed to be required ' .
shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15 - foot flames shot out of the manhole in the west midlands .  the father - of - two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began to escape .
a 12 - year - old israeli girl is still missing after a tour boat she was on exploded .  passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .  between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft .
farm worker seen urinating in field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire .  member of the public snapped him on his mobile phone after spotting him .  th clements & son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked with immediate effect .  passer - by said : ' it was disgusting .  it wants stopping .  we name and shame people for dropping litter in the streets .  we should do the same with this idiot ' .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , was nigeria ' s harsh military leader some 30 years ago .  he was elected to president buhari ' s anti - corruption platform .  buhari : " ordinary nigerians have had enough of the venality of their elites " .  the problem of corruption went hand - in - glove with the rise of terrorism , he says .
bulgaria ' s most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .  it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .  only in turkey , where inflation is 7 . 6 % – compared to virtually zero in britain and the eurozone – will britons find the cost of a day out much more expensive .
series of gruesome photographs show man being led out of a van .  his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama , syria , for being an ' alleged blasphemer ' .  the man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is executed .  it follows a video released by isis which warns ' america will burn ' .
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .  using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .  denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit .  but it has not been working for more than two years after every fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .  he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , south carolina , on march 18 , the morning after an alleged ' kegger ' at the house .  neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg .  usc suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death .
saudi forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances .  prince alwaleed bin talal has promised to give each pilot a free bentley .  he apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday .  the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .  other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station .
paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day . combined their love for each other , while raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .  paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so far raised £7 , 000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
nasr bitar spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada .  the college student followed in his own vehicle and followed it .  he then uploaded the picture to his instagram account .
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week .  the 25 - year - old heads to the augusta national for the first time in his career .  only five men have won all four of golf ' s majors in the masters era .
danny higginbotham has described roy keane ' s controversial speech as ' one of the most bizarre team talks i ' ve ever experienced ' .  the former manchester united midfielder also reveals how keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team - mates instead of getting behind them .  keane is now part of martin o ' neill ' s backroom staff after leaving his role at aston villa earlier this season .
four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .  oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .  dna testing on the bed ' s timber proved it once belonged to king henry vii , and he traced it to 1495 , when henry vii went to lathom in lancashire .
a reserve deputy killed eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , in 2009 .  law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer ' s dominant side .
the 21 - year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .  a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake ' s gig .
former everton chairman sir philip carter passed away on thursday .  carter served as president of the football league and vice - president of football association .  under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the only piece of continental silverware .  current toffees chairman bill kenwright said carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for .
a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act using a human as their base .  ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  dai aoki runs the waterloo , australia - based dog training company positive dog care .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her passionate videos .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off .  chief superintendent john o ' hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .  rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 .
mustafa kamal stepped down as icc president on wednesday .  kamal criticised the umpires in the quarter - final over a disputed no - ball against bangladesh batsman rohit sharma .  the icc asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the world cup trophy to the winning captain at the final .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .  the fight has been billed as the fight of the century by joe calzaghe .  tickets for the fight finally go on sale on thursday night .
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean - up of roads was hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .  but the hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘ over - interpreting ’ legislation .  sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .  he hasn ' t been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it doesn ' t have to cost a fortune .
manchester city ' s gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .  england ' s first - choice right - back at the world cup is still a regular for liverpool .  ron vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the tournament .
matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year .  the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' real friends don ' t count chromosomes ' .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .  he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .  thomas muller scored the fourth goal of the tournament to secure their place in the last four .  the 25 - year - old is the highest - scoring german since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 .
domenico rancadore , 65 , fled to italy in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence for his role as a ' man of honour ' .  he was sentenced to seven years in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .  but in february he was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .  but today it emerged that his case expired and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .  footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .  to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27 , 000 times .
sports brand features prominently on leaflet distributed in raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to biting or even imprisonmen . comments prompted fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ' comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' .
lorraine bracco wanted to play dr . jennifer melfi in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster ' s wife in goodfellas .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and has completed one and a quarter marathons a day .  the 35 - year - old is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16 , 300 - mile epic journey on thursday .  if he is successful , mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss by 24 hours .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama .  he was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  he has helped refine mr miliband ’ s message about tackling cost of living .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set - top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of game of thrones on april 12 .  the service is available in the us for $ 14 . 99 ( £9 . 90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .  it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
hillary clinton ' s aide huma abedin , 38 , spotted with husband anthony weiner and two - year - old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .  abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .  weiner , a former congressman , fell from grace after sending explicit images to women over twitter .
just 28 of 700 , 000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name .  that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .  in 2013 , it didn ' t even make the top 1 , 000 .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 .  his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .  leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .  she recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like kim kardashian .
nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain .  the former portsmouth ace slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .  it was dundee ' s first win in a derby for more than 10 years .
the wrap - mercedes - benz fashion week came to a close on thursday night in sydney .  toni matice and bondi bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces .  johanna johnson showed full - - bizarre golds and bronzes on the catwalk .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by the end of the year .  she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .  andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .  the australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final kfc bucket meal .
abby bishop took in her two - day - old niece zala when she was 24 .  the basketballer , who lives in canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .  zala is now 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .
matt prior ' s one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .  the former england cricketer is chief executive of the team that will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .  prior is a long - time cycling fan who was mocked by kevin pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of new zealand .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told them ' someone ' had been run down , only for the ' victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .  another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ' bleeding ' .  east of england ambulance service said it receives around 2 , 500 calls per day .  front - line crews have attended almost half of the phoney calls , believing them to be genuine emergencies .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .  the 27 - year - old punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season ' s grand final against warrington warriors .  the wales forward came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday ' s 30 - 20 victory against st helens .  coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see flower come back an even more aggressive player .
the newly - opened maison souquet is located just steps from the famed moulin rouge theatre .  the 20 - room hotel boasts a swimming pool beneath a plush ceiling of ' stars ' and can be booked out for private use .  the five - star hotel describes itself as a ' temple to hedonism ' and is meant to represent the luxe parisian lifestyle .
steven finn believes he ' s regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .  the 26 - year - old was overlooked for the west indies ' world cup squad .  finn has played only one championship game for middlesex this season .
paul armstrong , 26 , flew to cyprus to celebrate his new job as an it project manager .  after a spending spree he was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .  armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it .  he was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £2 , 000 costs .
alex perry revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week .  the designer says he is enjoying ' taking a breather ' .  this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .
more than a dozen people were injured and least one person was critically injured , a police spokesman said .
raheem sterling has been linked with a £50million move to manchester city .  brendan rodgers says city are bigger than their etihad rivals .  city have been heavily linked with £50m move for sterling .  city face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
one in five chinese restaurants believed to be serving shark fin soup .  loophole came to light after trading standards raided royal china club .  charity bite - back said restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as ' fish fin soup ' or are offering it to mandarin speaking customers .  more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off .
the easter feast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester ' s northern quarter .  it contains two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs .  for £7 , customers are treated to three milks of choice which can be taken from a range including black squid ink milk , chocolate , strawberry and good old semi - skimmed .
google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .  in one of the most high - profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than £4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .  the eu is also expected to probe google ' s operating system for android smartphones .
phil smith scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull .  the 25 - year - old fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .  he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary .  his parents have paid tribute to their ' lovely son ' who had a ' natural talent with children ' .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor ' s £100 , 000 - per - week wages .  the togolese striker is out of favour under mauricio pochettino . the 31 - year - old has made just nine league starts this season .
john helm was commentating on bradford city ' s game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description .  he lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind – any bitterness would be understandable – but from everything i have been told there isn ’ t a jot of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy .  it should also never be forgotten that heginbotham twice saved bradford city from extinction .
rory mcilroy battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan .  the 25 - year - old defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown .  the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the new jersey governor .  fallon pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point christie took the treat for himself .  christie has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
qantas could be fined £20 , 000 [ $ au38 , 336 ] for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .  the australian airline could also be facing a massive £20k fine , that ' s more than $ $ 38 , 000 .  the airline ' s on time performance rating at heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of february .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two - and - a - half year con against his employer bt .  starrs along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , 53 , invented overtime cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ’ property during broadband installation .  judge nicholas cooke qc blasted starrs for ' taking his eye off the ball ' .
real madrid visit rayo vallecano on wednesday night .  cristiano ronaldo hit five in real ' s 9 - 1 win against granada at the weekend .  ronaldo will be up against rayo striker alberto bueno - the highest scoring spaniard in the league at present .  mundo deportivo looks ahead to barcelona ' s clash against almeria .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ' running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .  pietersen scored 170 for surrey as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .  flintoff says pietersen has not featured for england since he was sacked 14 months ago after alastair cook ' s team were whitewashed 5 - 0 in australia .
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last week .  the possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard .  froch is walking around at 12st 7lbs and in the gym four to five days a week .
clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of astana .  captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  video has been viewed more than 50 , 000 times since being uploaded to youtube .
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country ' s hyper - violent gangs into the same prison for the first time .  incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .  in all 1 , 177 barrio 18 members were transferred .
steve clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline .  his team were narrowly beaten by arsenal in the fa cup semi - final .  mesut ozil and alexis sanchez were bought for a total of more than £70million .  clarke has been away from the cut - and - thrust of football ' s elite since he was sacked by west brom .
england ' s squad landed in manchester to allow their northern - based players and staff to disembark after tuesday night ' s draw with italy .  wayne rooney , joe hart , chris smalling , phil jones , ross barkley , phil jagielka , jordan henderson , michael carrick , fabian delph and jack butland were among the party leaving the plane .  andros townsend equalised with 11 minutes to play at the juventus stadium .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child ' s lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and then posted it to social media this week .  virginia ’ s portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama ' s federal lunch rules .
the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 56 miles from the libyan port of misrata .  the boat had embarked from mazara del vallo in sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp .  italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa to flee war and poverty .
torin lakeman , 19 , and his brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester .  they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ' dark web ' .  torin ' s housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ' have a good weekend ' .  coroner alan walsh said he would be writing to the home secretary .
kendall and baylee were born with very different skin tones .  their father , curtis martin , is half - jamaican , while their mother is white .  miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis is half jamaican .  their genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin .  this means they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4 , 000 feet above sea level .  daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the canyon floor , a full 2 , 350 feet below them .
steven gerrard will miss liverpool ' s fa cup quarter - final replay with blackburn because of suspension .  robbie fowler says players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi - finals of the fa cup .  fowler also says raheem sterling should end his contract wrangle and commit his future to the club after he rejected a new deal worth £100 , 000 - a - week .
a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .  danny cevallos : the law of service of process has evolved this way .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .  they survive for 503 days after diagnosis , compared with 312 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques .
sportsmail ' s top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in france .  let us know your england xis by posting them in the comments section below .
a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ‘ tosser ’ on top gear .  the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
republican gov .  sam brownback is likely to sign a bill that hit his desk last week .  recipients would be limited , for the first time , to withdrawing $ 25 in cash per day .  liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments .
us youtube user elman511 cracked open an over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ' the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' .  he then cracks the smaller egg , which also has a yolk and white inside .  the unusual occurrence is called a counter - peristalsis contraction .
richard dysart portrayed leland mckenzie in " l . a . law " .  he was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the snow - walled passageway along the 1000ft section .  the whole 65ft route will be open until november but tourists can walk the spectacular wonder until it starts to melt in summer .  over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910 , 000 last year .
louise shepherd , 31 , was hiking through the madidi national park in bolivia .  she had taken a ' gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world .  her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 , said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday .
labour leader ed miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth over £2million to raise money for the nhs .  homeowners with properties worth between £2m and £3million will be forced to pay £3 , 000 a year in mansion tax .  david cameron has criticised labour ' s proposed mansion tax as a ' home tax ' .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  mr keenan ' s father keith was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .
newcastle face liverpool at anfield on monday night .  john carver says his players have a point to prove to themselves .  the magpies have lost four on the spin - scoring just once .
ipswich were held to a 1 - 1 draw by rivals wolves on saturday .  former wolves boss mick mccarthy hailed his side ' s ' belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ' horrible bunch ' of players .  the town ' s play - off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining .  mccarthy said he did not have anything to prove on his second return to molineux .
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping through a field in bruhl , germany .  they immediately assumed it was a prank and dismissed the strange call .  the owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal ' s fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula before being jailed by yemeni officials .  two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .
the girl in the spider ' s web was completed in november by david lagercrantz .  it will be the fourth installment in the millennium crime trilogy by stieg larsson .  the 500 - page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker lisbeth salander and journalist mikael blomkvist .  norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a u . s . spy agency .
sunderland host newcastle united in the premier league on sunday .  lee cattermole will return to the starting line - up for the wear - tyne derby .  massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season with a cyst from the knee .
sofia abramovich is the daughter of chelsea fc owner roman .  the 18 - year - old has taken to instagram to share fun snaps of her life .  but she has hit back saying she is going to turn negativity into positivity .  sofia is roman ' s daughter by irina vyacheslavovna malandina .
the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students .  families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking are far from resolved .
the 500ft - long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk .  defence sources said the submarine ' s weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
javier hernandez scored the goal that beat atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday night .  real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker .  the mexico international has scored four goals in 421 minutes of la liga football , averaging just under a goal per game and two more in cup competitions .
naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning when she thought she was 15 years old .  she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .  the condition caused the ' episodic ' part of her memory to shut down , meaning she could remember things she had repeated over time such as how to drive and phone numbers .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j . t . mcgarr in 1980 .  but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .
a business called edward ’ s snow den has appeared in the us president ’ s headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .  he created the fake listing during a ted talk in kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in google maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems .
south korean investigators say they have proof - - the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  " dark seoul " paralyzed an estimated 48 , 000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman ' s arm just in time .  but before the ladder could be used the woman lowered herself on to the ledge .  the woman was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave this summer .  the 47 - year - old has been linked with a move to the premier league .  arsenal and manchester city are on alert .
mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife , maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165 , 000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc . ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his ' miracle cure ' anatabloc product .  mcdonnell ' s lawyers were responding to the government ' s brief urging the court to uphold the criminal convictions .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland .  blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .  the cruise is expected to get back underway on friday as it heads to the virgin islands .
a 16 - year - old student opened fire before classes at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle on monday .  brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived .  the teenager , who has not been identified , only transferred to the high school a month ago .  he later told police he shot into the air because he didn ' t want to hurt anyone .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person ' s instagram feed .  the firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile .  tinder also used facebook to boost its ' mutual friends ' feature .
ian brady wrote letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .  brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .  brady complained he is ' bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago .
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing ' s famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  they show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven , standing next to giant statues at the western qing tombs and riding on boats at the summer palace .  some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion , a lion and a horse .
the 42 - year - old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car .  he managed to escape in the smashed - up car but wouldn ' t have got far without working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .  police are urging anyone who has seen the dark blue ford falcon ute contact police on 131 444 .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will be charged for a weigh - in .  thousands of fans watched ricky hatton and mayweather at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas in december 2007 .  the decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety , not profit .  the winner will unify the wbc and wbo world welterweight titles .
hillary clinton ' s now - famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed - door meeting with state democratic party officials .  secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if clinton had been left unattended .  clinton has round - the - clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of a former u . s . president , bill clinton .
brett robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  she was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  the report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' .
charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for 110 days off the west coast of africa .  the thunder ' s captain and crew manned life rafts before the vessel sank to the ocean bottom .  video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said thunder issued a distress signal .
invitations to service at st paul ' s cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington ' s historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .  instead , the service will focus on the ' pan - european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .  politicians said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ' the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u . s . professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia .  the world health organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .
britain ' s five highest - earning nhs dentists are paid average of £690 , 000 .  a further 11 dentists were paid between £400 , 000 and £500 , 000 in 2012 / 13 .  campaigners said the payments were ' scandalous ' and ' unacceptable ' .
jackson byrnes , 18 , was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  he was told he would not operate due to how deep the cancer was .  his family took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .  mr byrnes is just under $ 4 , 000 away from raising enough money to save his life .
qpr face west brom in the premier league on saturday .  chris ramsey has praised tony pulis as one of the best coaches in the country .  ramsey says pulis ' maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere ' .
liverpool face west brom in the premier league on saturday .  brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season .  jordan henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five - year deal at the club on thursday .  mario balotelli is expected to take gerrard ' s armband on a permanent basis when his contract expires at the end of the season .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .  the 55 - year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints .  he took $ 3 , 000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
women regret their career choices more than men . 47 % of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions .  one in five over - 55s admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network in portadown , county armagh .  footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .  however , the group ' s initial analysis of its trajectory suggests that it may well have fallen into the sea .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in new campaign for vans and & other stories .  the collection sees stories make a twist on the classic shoes slip on .  shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .
snowden admitted only ' evaluating ' the files stolen from gchq and the us national security agency .  he also acknowledged there had been a ‘ f * * * - up ’ when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda .  the 31 - year - old stunned the world in june 2013 – less than a month after the murder of lee rigby by islamic extremists .
there ' s not a huge amount of visible damage to nepal ' s buildings .  temporary shelters have been put up , but very few - - 16 - - by the government .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .  in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership .  she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels .  for the leaders ’ debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool until the summer .  the 20 - year - old scored for england in their 4 - 0 win over lithuania last friday night .  sterling will reject contract offers of £100 , 000 per week from liverpool .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women ' s under 19 championship qualifier to be replayed following a refereeing error .  england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute of the match against norway in the asian zone fourth round play - off first leg in manama .  uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg meant that bahrain qualified .
waitress claims aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top .  the 18 - year - old was reportedly interviewed under caution over alleged assault .  lennon is on loan to everton and lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
manhattan - based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ' glowing ' .  clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ' for identification purposes ' .
rangers beat raith rovers 4 - 0 at ibrox on sunday afternoon .  nicky clark and haris vuckic scored for the hosts in the earlier kick - off .  the win means rangers remain level on 61 points , albeit the leith side have the better goal difference .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard imbedded with $ 100 bills .  pay - per - view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 ( £67 . 48 ) to watch the fight .  andre ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on june 20 .
high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .  researchers in the u . s . found that in high heels , women ' s knees are held in such an awkward , bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints .
blunder believed to have been caused by race marshal taking a toilet break .  300 runners should have been directed at a junction point instead .  instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres .  bournemouth borough council has appealed for those affected by the mix - up to contact them for a ' gesture of goodwill ' .
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .  toronto ' s cn tower is the third tallest tower in the world and welcomes nearly two million international visitors a year .  the grand canyon skywalk is nearly 4 , 000ft above the floor on land belonging to the hualapai indian tribe .
barcelona beat psg 3 - 1 in their premier league clash at parc des princes .  david luiz scored a double in the first half for the catalans .  luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes .
queens park rangers face west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester to close the season .  chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins from the last five games .  ramsey ' s side are in the drop zone of the premiers premier league .
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .  following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .  the zoo did not confirm if it was able to salvage the drone .
zella jackson price , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .  but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .  friends of price ' s foster parents revealed that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .
new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert .  160 people have been hospitalized in the nine days after using the drug .  the cannabinoid , also known as ' k2 ' or ' mojo , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over - the - counter as incense or potpourri .  the same problem is occurring all over the u . s . critically ill .
aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies to yemen .  coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran - backed shi ' ite houthis .  coalition now controls the country ' s ports and air space .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .  he is accused of shooting 44 - year - old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he ' d get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .
tabitha anne bennett , who is unemployed , allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl , 14 , and encouraged them to brawl , police said .  bennett allegedly admitted to encouraging the fight but denied kicking the girl .  bennett was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .
manny pacquiao is set to fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  the 36 - year - old took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey .  pacquaio ' s trainer , freddie roach , believes his man has a better chance of beating mayweather now than he did in 2010 .
barcelona beat psg 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter final on wednesday .  luis suarez scored a brace as barca put themselves in control .  suarez says he nutmegged luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , killed brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , in 1970 .  he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  judge called brutal double - murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .  he shot them both in ' execution - style ' killings to avenge sister ' s death .  vuoz ' father , herbert , later received nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .
at its peak in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of nearly 2 , 280 ships moored across the united states .  at its height in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of 2 , 277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in 2007 .  today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .  the worst affected mooring side is suisun bay in california where less than 50 ships remain .
nigel farage called for number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50 , 000 a year .  but at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ' ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .  conservatives accused mr farage of ‘ making up his policies as he goes along ’
david king , 70 , from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .  his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in pierres , south - west of caen .  an unnamed 28 - year - old frenchman has been charged with his murder .
the 1954 bentley r - type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around £200 , 000 by auctioneers .  it was originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple .  when it is ready , it could be worth more than £1million and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer .
plane carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members touched down in khajuraho .  crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737 - 800 came to a stop .  passengers spotted smoke outside the plane ' s left wing landing gear .  jet airways said reports of a fire are untrue .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley on saturday .  but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .  police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of planning her funeral .
justine miliband met labour leader at a dinner party in doncaster .  she thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' , she said .  but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was already in a relationship with their ' mutual friend ' stephanie flanders .  she said : ' canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with ed ' .
arsenal beat arsenal 1 - 0 at turf moor in the premier league on saturday .  arsene wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season .  the gunners have won only once in 11 games but face hull city , leicester city and aston villa in their final six fixtures .
jaysh al - islam - or army of islam - reportedly command 25 , 000 loyal fighters .  dozens of special units show off range of skills including close - range combat .  group claims ' largest military parade witnessed ' since dawn of syrian revolution .
the world ' s largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek station in south australia .  the eleven cattle farms cover over 100 , 000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s . kidman and co . the business produces 15 , 000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1 . 3 percent of australia ' s exports .
jurgen klopp will step down as borussia dortmund manager on june 30 .  the 47 - year - old will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .  dortmund are preparing for their home bundesliga match with paderborn .
david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage sing pro - austerity boyband .  video is designed to show that the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .  chorus includes the lyrics : ' it ' s sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .  lose your voting inhibitions .  join the one true coalition ' .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale ’ s evolution .  in contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .
national union of teachers ( nut ) will say schools should follow lead of countries like finland and introduce 45 - minute lessons immediately followed by 15 - minute play times .  teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .  motion calls on the nut to support play for five to seven - year - olds ' to reflect the needs of the children ' .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .  the mother - of - two has now shrunk down to a slinky 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .  before she slimmed down kim ' s wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure - hiding garments like chicken kiev , deep - fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers .
a ' bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - but it is chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .  anthropologists at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80 , 000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .  the findings add to evidence that neanderthals were not the slow - witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as .
carl froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr . in las vegas this month .  the wba super - middleweight is open to facing andrzej fonfara .  froch took part in a poker tournament at the pokerstars uk & ireland poker tour .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women ' s championships qualifier in belfast . the young lionesses will qualify for the european championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .  the decision has been taken for the first time in a uefa competition .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 in their champions league quarter - final .  javier hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  raphael varane filmed the team ' s entrance to the santiago bernabeu .
