danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million .  the brazil right back has been linked with a move to real madrid .  porto have reached the last eight of this year ' s champions league .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper .  he had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by - election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as ' the eurovisionary carroll ' .
former everton chairman sir philip carter passed away on thursday .  carter served as president of the football league and vice - president of football association .  under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the only piece of continental silverware .  current toffees chairman bill kenwright said carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for .
just 28 of 700 , 000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name .  that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .  in 2013 , it didn ' t even make the top 1 , 000 .
a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .  danny cevallos : the law of service of process has evolved this way .
sportsmail ' s top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in france .  let us know your england xis by posting them in the comments section below .
newcastle face liverpool at anfield on monday night .  john carver says his players have a point to prove to themselves .  the magpies have lost four on the spin - scoring just once .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland .  blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .  the cruise is expected to get back underway on friday as it heads to the virgin islands .
ian brady wrote letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .  brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .  brady complained he is ' bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago .
david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage sing pro - austerity boyband .  video is designed to show that the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .  chorus includes the lyrics : ' it ' s sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .  lose your voting inhibitions .  join the one true coalition ' .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women ' s championships qualifier in belfast . the young lionesses will qualify for the european championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .  the decision has been taken for the first time in a uefa competition .
