Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win but it didn't come without cost for Fabregas. The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam, the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal. Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam . Fabregas was caught in the face by Stoke City midfielder Adam's flailing arm during their game . The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment . However, the Spanish international was all smiles on Tuesday as he posted a picture to his Instagram account with the caption: 'Italy with Dr Paco' Earlier in the week Fabregas joked that he could finally get his nose fixed and the 27-year-old's comments suggest he is going to do exactly that. It is not the first time that the Spaniard's hooter has been in the wars. While an Arsenal player in 2008, Fabregas suffered a broken nose playing for Spain. He avoided having an operation on the injury then, but it seems that he may be happy to change that this time round.
Out of prison and free to stroll around Ireland's capital, this is the notorious 'Black Widow' killer who murdered her husband. Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband Tom shot dead. The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city's Inchicore suburb. Black Widow Catherine Nevin leaving Mountjoy Prison as she walks to get a bus. An unsuspecting commuter sat next to her as she made her way through the city centre and to her course in the suburbs . Catherine and Tom Nevin on their wedding day. The 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . She walked through the city centre to Dorset Street where she waited for a bus before attending the addiction studies course. Ireland's most infamous woman prisoner went largely unnoticed as she took the bus unaccompanied after leaving prison - with an unsuspecting female commuter sitting down next to her - according the Daily Mirror. Catherine Nevin leaving the Central Criminal Court in Dublin during her trial in 2000 . Dressed in jeans, a blue fleece top and a pair of black Ugg boots, Nevin took in sights she hasn't seen since being jailed 15 years ago. She laughed and joked with a pal for more than an hour at the nearby Applegreen Garage before her course started. She failed last July to have her conviction overturned, though this outing will fuel speculation a full release from jail is imminent. Her temporary release is understood to have been approved by the parole board and sanctioned by the Justice Minister. The course is part of her pre-release plan to help her integrate back into society once freed. Nevin's current study leave is her latest educational placement after she studied the same topic at the Mounttown Community Facility in Dun Laoghaire last October. While attending that course, run by the Dun Laoghaire Rathdown Drugs Task Force, she was always accompanied by prison warders. Completion of the course gives participants a FETAC Level 5 Addiction Studies Certificate. It's believed that as well as attending the course in Inchicore, Nevin has also been using facilities at Maynooth University in Co Kildare and Trinity College over the past few weeks. While in prison Nevin has been keeping herself busy. She has a job in the jail library and likes to do makeovers on other inmates. It was revealed in July 2013 how Scissor Sister Charlotte Mulhall, who is serving life for murder, regarded her as a close friend in jail. Despite her high-profile conviction she has never taken responsibility for her role in the murder of Tom and is also still fighting for a share in his substantial estate. Tom Nevin was shot dead in the couple's pub, Jack White's Inn, in Brittas Bay, Co Wicklow, in March 1996. His wife was also convicted of soliciting three men – Gerry Heapes, William McClean and John Jones – to kill him. Despite her high-profile conviction she has never taken responsibility for her role in the murder of Tom and is also still fighting for a share in his substantial estate. Her trial was shrouded in controversy and has gone down in history as the longest ever murder trial in the history of Ireland. The trial and media coverage of the case was dominated by an intense focus on Nevin herself, forcing the judge to order a ban on all reporting of her clothing and appearance. No physical evidence linking her to horrific crime was ever discovered. Her conviction was based largely on the evidence of the three men she is alleged to have solicited. Nevin married Galway-born Tom in 1976. Over the following years they built up a property portfolio, before in 1986 buying the landmark pub where Tom was murdered . His death was initially investigated his death as a pub raid which had gone tragically wrong. The Jack Whites Inn, Ballinapark, Co Wicklow, which Catherine Nevin ran with her husband Thomas and where he was shot dead in March 1996 .
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. 'I feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' Miller said at practice on Wednesday. 'Very lucky' Skating with a full face mask during practice, the Detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin, the Detroit Free Press reports. Gruesome: Miller was left with a scar across his eye, but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face . The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators. While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor. Stone's skate cut Miller along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow. Miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment, including stitches. Though he has a gash that runs across both sides of his eyelid and bruising below his right eye, Miller said his vision was largely unaffected. 'Right now, it's just dealing with the cut and the stitches and the soreness,' Miller explained. 'Other than that, my eye is good, and when I got on the ice today, I felt pretty good.' Freak accident: While falling to the ice, Ottawa's Mark Stone lifted his skate and struck Miller under the visor with the blade . Stitched up: Twitter user Red Wing Memes published a photo of the Red Wings forward with the freshly stitched wound . Second opinion: A second angle showed Stone losing his balance while fighting for the puck with the Red Wings' Luke Glendening . Bruiser: Miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up, though the team said he will likely return Thursday against Boston . My Fox Detroit reports Miller had wanted to return during the third period of the game, which Detroit lost 2-1. Red Wings Coach Mike Babcock said Miller will likely have a 'big-time scar' but to expect the winger to be on the ice Thursday. The team will need Miller, who has played in 159 straight games, as it tries to secure the final guaranteed playoff spot in the Atlantic division.
Apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage. To address these issues, the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts. At least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops. Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer (pictured left) and another for iOS software power systems engineer (pictured right) The job listings were discovered by fan site AppleInsider and include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer, a software power systems engineer, battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer. In particular, the iOS software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate 'will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues, modeling of power consumed by different parts of the system, and analytics to understand large scale battery life trends.' Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page. It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use. All-day battery life: This includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music. Audio playback: The battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music. Talk time: Apple said the Watch can be used for up to three hours for calls. Workout: During this test the Watch lasted for seven hours when a workout session was active and the heart rate sensor was on. Watch: When used as a watch the device will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour. Power reserve: When the Apple Watch's battery  gets low it switches into Power Reserve mode letting users tell the time for up to 72 hours - with four time checks an hour. Charging time: The company said it takes 1.5 hours to charge the Watch to 80% and 2.5 hours for a full charge. Apple's tests were carried out in March 2015 with a pre-production Apple Watch and software paired with an iPhone using pre-production software. Apple said battery life varies with environmental factors, use, configuration, and 'many other factors' so actual results will vary . As the site suggests, this shows Apple is looking to boost the battery on iOS devices but also its range of MacBooks. Apple's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what 'normal usage' is and this can differ from person to person. These times have only been beaten by Samsung's latest Galaxy S6. Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours on a single charge. However, official figures suggest its Watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long. Boss Tim Cook said at the launch event last month that the Watch will last 18 hours, but this only includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music. Apple is expected to launch an iPhone 6S, 6S Plus as well as potentially a four-inch model later this year. Battery improvements could be made to these handsets, or they may be a feature on next year's iPhone 7. Alternatively, because a number of the jobs refer to a software rather than hardware engineer, these battery improvements could be made and rolled out to existing phones as part of an iOS upgrade. Earlier this week Atmel released its latest  microcontrollers (MCUs) for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can harvest energy from a person's body. The  SAM L microcontrollers are part of Atmel's 32-bit ARM-based MCU range and are powered by chip maker ARM's Cortex M0+ 32-bit processors. A number of Apple devices, including the iPhone 5S and iPad Air are powered by chips based around ARM technology. Atmel said its MCUs extend 'battery life from years to decades, reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices such as fire alarms, healthcare, medical, wearable, and devices placed in rural, agriculture, offshore and other remote areas.' Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what 'normal usage' is and this can differ from person to person. Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook (pictured) uses 30% less energy than previous models . Apple boss Tim Cook said the Watch's 'all-day' battery life lasts 18 hours with 'typical use' - but official tests recently revealed this equates to just 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music. Apple defines the battery on its Watch page and said a time check  lasts four seconds . They use a third of the power of rival chips and tests have shown they are the lowest power microprocessor ever made. The microcontrollers run on the firm's picoPower technology and Atmel's Event System that makes different parts of the device work together to carry out tasks. By effectively 'sharing' energy, the whole device uses less power and, subsequently, less battery. It can also manage how much energy is being used by other components to make them as efficient as possible. Plus, the technology is so low power it can harvest energy from the body using changes in temperature. Earlier this week Atmel released its latest microcontrollers (MCUs) for a variety of gadgets that are so low power they can even harvest energy from a person's body. Atmel said its MCUs extend 'battery life from years to decades, reducing the number of times batteries need to be changed in devices' During a demonstration of the microcontrollers at this year's CES, Andreas Eieland, Atmel's director of product marketing demonstrated how he could power a radio by placing his hand on a panel. This panel recognised a change in temperature between the hand and the room and this was harvested to create charge .
A mum who says she felt like a 'rabbit in headlights' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood, which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next. Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old. Like most first-time mums, Chloe and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital. Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley (left, with Lola and right with Lola and husband David) came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant . Tech-savvy mum Chloe, who designed the new app, with baby Lola, now three months . Chloe said: 'I had absolutely no idea what to do - I was forever turning to Google to find out information, and some of the things I found weren't right.' She also admits she even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature. The mum-of-one designed the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding. The app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews. The app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . The mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding . Users say they like it because it contains all the information in one easily-accessible place. Chloe, 27, said: 'I wanted every single piece of advice in one app. 'It prepares women for birth and labour, goes through all of the pain relief you can have and then teaches them how to look after babies after birth.' As well as breastfeeding the app covers important issues such as colic, and constipation, as well as post-natal depression and how to perform CPR in an emergency. It also contains a tracker so tired mums do not need to remember which breast they fed their child with last. Dave Owens with Chloe's bump baby during her pregnancy with Lola. Chloe's specially-designed app helps breastfeeding mothers  remember which breast to use . Mum-of-one Chloe Owens (pictured with daughter Lola) came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant, because she had no idea what to expect . Feeding from the correct breast is important so the baby has a constant supply of hindmilk, the creamier milk which takes longer to produce. App users can also share their own tips and secrets. One online reviewer wrote: 'This is just what I've been looking for - whoever designed this is a hero. 'I am so tired I keep forgetting what I need to do, so this is so helpful.'. Chloe says: 'I'd never made an app before, and never really spent much time on computers.' But it took Chloe just eight weeks to teach herself app development and she then managed to get her app accepted onto the Windows, Android and Apple stores. The app, which went live on Android on March 10, costs £1.99. Chloe (pictured with newborn Lola, left, and at three months, right) struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding .
A shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released. The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. Brawl: The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . Targeted: They then pull them to the ground and punch them. Other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station . The brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks, with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation. As a train pulls up, both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage. Witnesses tried to intervene, but couldn't break up the group as the assailants kept on hitting the helpless youngsters. About a dozen students appear to be egging the fight on which officials have said may have started because of a dispute over a girl. The victims were allegedly followed into the station from the street. As they got onto the platform, someone pointed them out with a signal. Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority Police Chief Thomas J. Nestel III told Philly.com: 'It’s an outrageous event. This is so dangerous, it’s not even funny. We have operating trains down there. There are passengers waiting for the train... it’s horrendous. 'We've identified some potential aggressors. There is a criminal investigation with the school district," Nestel said. "The message that we're trying to get out is if you act up on SEPTA, we're going to have a picture of your face and we're sharing it with the school district. School district spokesman Fernando Gallard also told the news website those involved could be expelled or face serious disciplinary action. 'What we have seen is a brutal violent attack that could that could have ended with a loss of life.' SEPTA detectives are said to have spoken to the two boys who were victims in the attack. Dangerous: At one point the fight spills onto the tracks when one of the suspected attackers falls onto the line . Brutal: One youngster is seen stamping on the head of one of the victims behind a subway map . Bystanders: The fight continues as the train pulls into the station. Some witnesses do their best to intervene but fail to break the mob up . Gone: Police officers and station staff try to search for the assailants who have all boarded the train .
A teenager from Illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing. Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. 'I've gotten bullied because of it and I get people all the time, staring and so it's definitely made things difficult in my life,' Dayna told Daily Mail Online. Scroll down for video . Challenging: Dayna Dobias, 18, is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and the fashion industry . Her hope is that the video not only entertains, but inspires others to think before judging. The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities. 'People tend to think that because I have cerebral palsy I cannot do anything and that I am so different from everyone else, when in reality I am pretty much just the same as everyone else,' she added. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently.' This is one of several videos that Dayna has created. Last year the teenager produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to Taylor Swift's Shake It Off. Inspirational: The Illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances . Don't judge: People tend to think that because I have cerebral palsy I cannot do anything and that I am so different from everyone else, when in reality I am pretty much just the same as everyone else,' Dayna says . 'People like to define me based on disability. People just look at me and think, oh that's just the girl with cerebral palsy,' she said. 'I would like people to look past that and be like, oh she's just one of us.' Dayna says she wanted to turn any negativity that might be held over her disability into something positive and hopefully inspire others, or at the very least raise a smile. 'When I was first diagnosed with cerebral palsy, doctors warned my parents that I may never walk, but here I am dancing! I drive, I go to college, I do things like every other 19-year-old,' she says. The teen has now begun to do some motivational speaking at a couple of local schools. Confident: Dayna has now taken up motivational speaking and has visited several schools in the Chicago area .
Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern Munich supporters as Pep Guardiola's side celebrated a famous win. Muller, 25, netted the fourth goal of Bayern's 6-1 demolition of Porto in the second leg of the Champions League quarter-final at the Allianz Arena to secure their place in the last four. It was the World Cup winner's 27th Champions League goal, taking him past former Bayern team-mate Mario Gomez and making him the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992. Thomas Muller leads the celebrations with Bayern Munich supporters after the Champions League win . The Germany international uses a megaphone to stir up the fans that remained after the final whistle . Supporters responded to Muller's chants as they celebrated the win against Porto on Tuesday night . Muller lets out a cry as the supporters joined in behind him after Bayern Munich reached the last four . 1. Thomas Muller - 27 . 2. Mario Gomez - 26 . 3. Michael Ballack - 16 . 4. Miroslav Klose - 14 . 5. Carsten Jancker - 13 . It was a night to savour in Bavaria as the home side blitzed their Portuguese opposition, who had sprung a surprise in the first leg by inflicting a 3-1 defeat on the Bundesliga champions. But five first-half goals by Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Robert Lewandowski (two) and Muller ensured Bayern's safe passage into the semi-final. And after the match the Bayern players remained on the pitch for some time as they celebrated with supporters behind the goal. As the squad lined up linking arms in the penalty area Muller scaled the fence to reach the first row of fans, and with a megaphone in hand stirred up a frenzy as he led the chants. The supporters followed before Muller climbed down to join the rest of the team as they danced on the pitch while fans sung in celebration. The supporters look down at Muller as he leads the celebrations after a convincing Bayern win . Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League during Bayern's 6-1 win at the Allianz Arena . The World Cup winner's deflected shot squirmed past the wrong-footed Fabiano in the Porto goal . After watching his side storm into the semi-final, Bayern boss Guardiola hailed his players for their first-half performance. 'It's easy to love my players now,' said Guardiola. 'I am the coach of extraordinary players. I didn't expect such a first half. 'We can still play better,' he added. 'We lost the ball here and there and we can improve on that. We had a few problems in the second half. 'They had only a few chances but you should never relax in the Champions League.'
A life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the Romanian Kim Kardashian. Alexandra Harra, 28, who now lives in Miami, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics. She now works as a professional life coach, a writer for the Huffington Post and an author of The Karma Queens' Guide to Relationships. But when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the Romanian Playboy, she suddenly found it wasn't her university education that people were interested in. Scroll down for video . Selfie queen: Alexandra Harra has been dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian' and even shares the same love of selfies . All about the booty: The life coach turned model enjoys showing off her curves in tight fitting clothes . Since appearing on the infamous cover she has graced the pages of countless glossies in her homeland. The model, who formerly had long peroxide locks, recently took to the bottle to make her similarity with the reality star, married to Kanye West, even more striking. With her dyed black hair, she now lays claim to the title of the Romanian Kim Kardashian. Harra is already a bigger success than the celebrity in one way, as her derriere apparently measures 43 inches, while Kardashian's is just 40 inches. She said: ‘Someone in Romania noticed that my bottom size, at 109cm, is larger than Kim Kardashian's at 101 cm. 'Now I'm in the paper all the time as the Romanian Kim Kardashian.’ Curves galore: Alexandra Harra recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like Kim . Meow: Harra states on Instagram that she loves cats, evident in these selfies . The decision to dye her hair black has been well received by fans, boosting her online popularity. Whilst she now lives in Miami, she said that when she returns to her native Romania she is treated like a celebrity. ‘We are the Kardashians of Romania. We're just as controversial as them. 'When I arrive anywhere in Romania, all the cameras are after me, the paparazzi are after me too, they don't expect to see a body like this and a booty like that.’ Alexandra also uses her suggestive shots as a vehicle for her life coaching advice. On one Instagram snap, she wrote: 'Change doesn't come by accident. Change comes by will.' Next to one picture, in which she posed side-on, she posted a Bible quote from Romans, 5: 3-5: 'But we rejoice in our sufferings, knowing that suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope, and hope does not put us to shame.' And maybe Kim should look out, as according to one picture, Alexandra believes in the power of positive thinking. She wrote: 'What you wish, you can manifest. Always.' High flyer: As well as being a business woman and author, Alexandra claims that she is treated like an A-list celebrity in her native Romania . Cover girl: Alexandra has appeared on the cover of Playboy Romania, as well as in many more magazines in her native country . Alexandra dyed her hair black to cement her claim of being ‘The Romanian Kim Kardashian’ ‘In Romania women are supposed to be very thin, they're supposed to not have curves. That's what they think is beautiful. That to me is outrageous.’ And it seems that Harra’s move to become Romania’s answer to Kim Kardashian is already paying off. She owns a Mercedes S 550 2015 model worth £95,000 and a Mercedes CLS 550 worth £63,00. Yet Alexandra's mum, Carmen, who she runs her business with, thinks her daughter is unique. ‘My daughter is being labelled as the blonde version of Kim Kardashian. 'But we don't try to imitate anyone, we're just ourselves.’ Alexandra runs a psychology company with mum, Carmen, who is also supportive of her modelling career . Doppelganger: The life coach's signature contouring make-up and dyed hair just increases her similarity with reality star Kim .
When emergency crews received a call saying 'someone' had been knocked down by a car in Essex, they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue. But the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the 'victim' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in Epping Forest. The report forms just part of a long list released by East of England ambulance service detailing their most bizarre, and irritating, call outs. Two ambulances were sent to Epping Forest after a caller told crews 'someone' had been run down, only for the 'victim' to turn out to be a squirrel. Another man said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' Another came from reveller in Basildon, Essex, who said 'I've dropped my burger and it is bleeding', while a third woman in Chelmsford, dialled 999 to report 'I've eaten too much takeaway food.' The service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day, and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help. Front-line crews have attended almost half of the phoney calls, believing them to be genuine emergencies. Also on the list is a woman from  Shoeburyness who called to say she was locked out of the house, while a man in Peterborough called to say his feet hurt after wearing shoes that were too small. In Hitchin, Hertfordshire, a man told 999 staff: 'I have been dieting and feel lethargic.' Gary Morgan, Regional Head of Emergency Operations Centres, asked people to use common-sense when calling, adding that misguided or hoax calls could cost lives. East on England ambulance revealed the bizarre calls as part of a list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs, saying that crew attended half of them, potentially putting lives at risk (file image) He said: 'We're an emergency service and our front-line staff are trained to save lives. 'However, sadly, some of the calls we receive are not even medically related and we will refer hoax calls to the police. 'We prioritise all life-threatening calls to get the quickest possible response. 'However, that response can be affected if our call handlers and front-line staff are dealing with inappropriate 999 calls. 'We would strongly urge people who think it is funny to make a prank call to stop and think about the potential consequences.' In another strange call one woman phoned to say she felt ill after eating too much takeaway, while a man reported that his feet were hurting after wearing shoes that were too tight .
Inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the Belle Epoque, the newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris. Considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world, the City of Lights' latest overnight offering takes a page from the Maisons Closes, the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes. Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge, this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess. The newly-opened Parisian hotel, Maison Souquet, may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights . The property may be difficult to find, tucked away behind an unmarked facade, and signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning, but it's worth the hunt. Whether grabbing a drink in the lounge or hidden champagne bar or checking in to the one of the property's extravagant suites, the plush velvet and gold-accented interiors, designed by Jacques Garcia, are not to be missed. There are three categories of rooms in the hotel: deluxe, junior suites and two stunning apartments. But no matter which room you choose, all guests will see Hermes bath products, plenty of silk draping and have the option to rent out the spa and swimming pool for a private dip under the starry ceiling. Located steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre, the hotel is situated in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district . All of the dark, mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents . It may be difficult to first spot the property, as the outside facade is understated and marked only by two red lanterns and a canopy . The five-star hotel is described as the point where culture and 'haute-couture' meet and is meant to represent the luxe Parisian lifestyle . The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of 'stars' and can be booked out for private use . The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism,' and the property's butlers are on hand to assist guests with everything and anything they desire. If the library-inspired bar, simply called The Bar, isn't doing it for you, the hotel is happy to make a reservation at any of Pigalle's most exclusive restaurants and clubs - most just a stone's throw from the hotel. However, should you care to stay in, The Bar's signature cocktail, Secrets of the Unicorn, is a mulled wine-based beverage served in a smoked wood glass and peppered with chai spices. It's also home to an afternoon tea service with options harvested specially from a Chinese garden. Of the hotel's 20 rooms, 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites . At Maison Souquet, Arbaian style meets Napoleon III in an eclectic collection of furniture and artwork that is both magical and enchanting . All of the rooms are meant to pay homage to the beauty of the courtesans for whom they are named . The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism,' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear . Outside, the quiet conservatory is easily recognised by its glass canopy and wall covered with ivy and jasmine. But it's the property's Celestial Spa that may just be its most impressive. Available to any guest who requests the key, the spa's ceiling is decorated with golden stars that shimmer against a cobalt blue 'sky.' The outdoor conservatory is recognised by its glass canopy, stone statues and calming wall covered with ivy and jasmine . All of the rooms are unique 'love nests,' and two thousand metres of 120 different silks were selected when crafting the cocoons . The Bar, which looks as though it's really a 19th century library, is home to a luxe afternoon tea service and signature mulled wine cocktail . All of the luxurious bathrooms offer Hermes bath products and perfume and all suites have both a bathtub and walk-in shower . No matter which level of room you choose, all offer 24-hour in-room dining and access to the hotel's butlers to help you plan your stay . Deluxe rooms start at €338 (£244) per night and there are plenty of special offers currently available. The Parisien Romance offer is perfect for a couple looking to escape it all for an evening and includes personal use of the spa, complimentary cocktails and a late check-out. While the Heavenly Wellbeing package also includes private access to the spa's swimming pool and hammam, the emphasis here is on tranquility and relaxation - great for a couple's retreat or a girls' weekend away.
Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his England career. Flintoff, speaking at the England and Wales Cricket Board's NatWest T20 launch, sees a bright summer and lasting future ahead for 'probably the premier tournament' in this country. The dual Ashes-winning all-rounder is less convinced, however, about Pietersen's prospects of forcing his way back into Test contention. Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad . Former England star Andrew Flintoff thiks time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career . Pietersen already has three Ashes series wins on his CV but will be 35 before the 2015 edition begins, and Flintoff senses he no longer has age on his side. The controversial record-breaking batsman has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after Alastair Cook's team were whitewashed 5-0 in Australia, but has taken heart from incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves' hints that there may be a way back after all. Pietersen and his agent have both spoken of the 'clean slate' being presented to him, and he began restating his case by hitting 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red-ball innings for Surrey since June 2013. Flintoff is concerned nonetheless that there is simply no vacancy for Pietersen. 'He's a fantastic player, but nobody just walks into any team - especially the England team, 'I'm back, I'm here, I'm playing',' Flintoff told Press Association Sport. England have won their last three Tests under Cook, pre-dating a miserable World Cup, and took a three-figure first-innings lead in the first match of three in the West Indies. Pietersen has not featured for England since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago . It is hard to identify anyone in their middle order who should step aside, on current form. 'Which of them do you say "you're not playing!" for Kevin to come in?' Flintoff said. 'I just think Kevin is running out of time a little bit. 'If he'd started the season last year with Surrey, and scored run after run and put himself in the position... whereas now I think he's looking at the Ashes and he's just running out of time. 'That's not to say he (definitely) won't feature, but I can't imagine it's going to be in the near future.' Flintoff is optimistic about England's fortunes, despite their winter woes, with or without Pietersen. 'Alastair Cook is so important, and you get the sense everyone within the England set-up wants him as captain,' he said. 'He's a popular lad, and a great player. 'Peter Moores, there aren't enough words for me to describe how great he is as a person and coach - an amazing bloke.' The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket . England, Flintoff believes, just need a little more support. 'I think sometimes as a pundit, ex-player, you forget how difficult it can be,' he added. 'In Australia, you have all the ex-players talking to the current players and you get a sense that everyone wants Australia to do well. 'With England, I've never had a sense of that. 'It's about time we started talking them up. I think it's time we started supporting the side, getting behind Cook, Moores, the players. 'It's very easy to take cheap shots and swipes and pick out a player who hasn't moved his feet. (I think) maybe we should be a bit better than that, and start celebrating the lads a bit.' He is enthusiastic too about this summer's T20 Blast, insisting it is no poor relation of the Indian Premier League - or the Big Bash, in which he played last winter for Brisbane Heat. Flintoff says Alastair Cook is so important to England despite poor showing in the first Test against West indies . Flintoff said: 'The competition gets stronger. It's probably the premier tournament of the domestic game now, with the crowds and excitement behind it. 'We're seeing that, with some of the players coming over - the world's best, Chris Gayle, Brendon McCullum, (Glenn) Maxwell, (Aaron) Finch. 'I played in the Big Bash, and the standard was high (but) this stands up as a competition. 'You turn up at Old Trafford for Lancashire-Yorkshire, and get 25,000 people, then to Chelmsford where they're playing in front of packed houses - so I don't subscribe to that. 'Anything in this country, we look at things abroad and say everything is far better over there. 'We don't really focus on what we've got. Flintoff shares a joke with players at the Natwest T20 Blast launch at Edgbaston on Thursday . 'I didn't see anything within the Big Bash and thought 'this is far better than what we've got at home'.' Whether at 37 he will be a part of the Blast again, after coming out of retirement and so nearly helping Lancashire to win the tournament last summer, is another matter. 'I'm not arrogant enough to think I can just walk into the Lancashire dressing-room and say 'I'm back, I'm playing',' he added. 'The one reason I wanted to play (last year) is because I love it and I never want to look back at my life, when I'm older, and think 'I wish I'd done that'. 'I don't see failing as a problem. But I see not having a go as a crime. 'So I thought "I'm going to have a go", and I certainly loved it.'
England have finally arrived home from Turin after their delayed flight landed at Manchester Airport following Tuesday night's 1-1 draw with Italy. The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay. Stopping in Manchester for the side's northern-based players and staff before moving on to London, players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Barclays Premier League this weekend. Michael Carrick (left) and Wayne Rooney (right) lead the northern-based England players off the flight home . England's plane landed in Manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff, including Carrick and Rooney (left) and Gary Neville (right) to disembark after the draw with Italy in Turin . Jordan Henderson makes his way down the steps from England's delayed flight home from Turin . Everton pair Phil Jones (left) and Ross Barkley (right) will be back into training ahead of facing Southampton . The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night but their flight home was delayed . Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Ross Barkley, Phil Jagielka, Jordan Henderson, Michael Carrick, Fabian Delph and Jack Butland were among the party leaving the plane in Manchester. Andros Townsend was England's hero on Tuesday night, equalising with 11 minutes to play at the Juventus Stadium after Southampton's Graziano Pelle had opened the scoring for the hosts. Townsend along with his Tottenham team-mates Ryan Mason, Harry Kane and Kyle Walker touched down at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon as they said their goodbyes to Chelsea defender Gary Cahill and Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne. Hodgson's squad next meet up at the end of the club season in June for their Dublin friendly against Republic of Ireland and a trip to Slovenia that should see them reinforce their position as comfortable leaders at the top of European Championship qualifying group E. England hero Andros Townsend (right) gets off the plane at Luton Airport on Wednesday with Nathaniel Clyne . The pair were joined by Tottenham trio Ryan Mason (left), Harry Kane (centre) and Kyle Walker . Kane says his goodbyes to international team-mate Gary Cahill at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon . Jagielka shakes hands with Henderson as the Merseyside rivals head back to their respective clubs . Chris Smalling was substituted on Tuesday night with illness but did not have to be escorted from the plane . Goalkeeper Joe Hart will be heading back to Manchester City ahead of their trip to Crystal Palace on Monday . After a difficult start to the game in Turin, England finished positively with Barkley one of the stadn-out performers. The Everton midfielder has had a difficult season but once again showed his potential to reach the top in an England shirt. 'Ross is a terrific player,' Rooney said afterwards. 'He is a terrific young player and I think he can have an impact when he comes on. 'He did that, he took the ball, he ran at the Italian defenders and made it difficult for them. 'Hopefully, he can kick on now for the rest of the season.' Phil Jones started in midfield but moved into defence where he will play for Manchester United this weekend . Everton midfielder  Barkley will be hoping he can raise his club form to match his Tuesday performance . Andros Townsend celebrates his equaliser with his England team-mates at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday .
It was a tall order for workman but they have successfully completed the latest tourist attraction in China expected to draw the crowds. The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China, and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home. The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. Its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area - which is more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon in America. Daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below them. Work on the £3.7 million structure started in March last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day. It is now open to anyone who dares... Overhang: Workmen apply the finishing touches to the cantilevered platform in Chongqing, which measures 27 metres from the edge of the cliff and 718 metres above the river in the basin below . Stunning views: The observation deck, perched on top of a 718-metre cliff, boasts incredible views over Yunyang County in China . Bottomless walkway: Workers remove the wooden planks and reveal the see-through walkway visitors will experience at the tourist attraction . Bottom up: The view directly below the skywalk shows how thick and sturdy the 900-tonne engineering feat has to be to support itself . Clifftop views: The blue sky can be seen through the transparent panels of the new £3.7 million tourist attraction opening in China . Long way down: The beautiful blue waters of the river can be seen a full 718 metres below the viewing deck . Second place: The cantilevered platform in Chongqing, China, is five metres longer than the skywalk at the Grand Canyon, pictured .
A 31-year-old British woman has died in a freak accident when she was crushed by a falling tree in the Bolivian jungle while on her dream round-the-world trip. Louise Shepherd had been hiking through the remote Madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm. Ms Shepherd, from Cobham, Surrey, had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones, both 30. Tragedy: Louise Shepherd, 31, from Cobham, Surrey, was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm . Her grief-stricken parents, Peter and Christine Shepherd from Cobham, Surrey said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday. Mrs Shepherd said: 'She lit up a room, everybody instantly liked her. 'We have been so moved by all the condolence cards from around the world. Ms Shepherd, from Surrey, had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world . 'She was a special person and touched a lot of people's lives. She was the kindest person you could meet.' Louise gained her first degree in business and marketing at the University of Westminster in 2006. Ms Shepherd went onto obtain a masters degree at Kingston University in south-west London in museums, galleries and the creative economy, after which she took a position at the university's alumni office. She formerly worked as a support worker for the disability and dyslexia support office. Hannah Shepherd said today that she herself was nearly killed at the same time as her sister. She said: 'It was like a tornado that hit us within seconds. We were told to run by the guides and heard a tree crack and then it fell. 'Louise was killed instantly as she was hit by the full force of the tree. She was my best friend. She had such charisma and was beautiful and good to everyone. 'People just gravitated towards her. She died as she was having the time of her life - and not many people can say that.' One friend said in an online message: 'A parent's worst nightmare, lovely girl.' Ms Shepherd's former colleagues have also paid their respects on the university's website. One staff member said: 'She was a beautiful young lady inside and out, and always a pleasure to work with.' Heartbreaking: Friends and family of the popular university graduate have been paying tribute to her today . Helen Trott, the department head she worked with at Kingston, said : 'Louise had a passion for life and love of people. She was a beautiful young lady. Our thoughts are with her friends and family at this sad time.' The university has set up a book of condolences which, after being signed, will be handed to Ms Shepherd's family. A Kingston University spokesman said : 'Louise was an invaluable member of the team and made a major contribution to developing relations with alumni across the world. 'She was one of those people who lit up the room wherever she was. Our thoughts are with her family and friends at this sad time.' Staff and students are being invited to sign a book of condolence which has been opened at the university for people to make personal tributes in Louise's memory.
Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy hailed the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players after a determined 1-1 draw at his former club Wolves moved Town closer to securing a place in the SkyBet Championship play-offs. Despite Wolves bouncing back to take a point through Benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a Richard Stearman own goal had given Ipswich a first-half lead, Town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining. Former Wolves boss McCarthy was delighted with his side's determined display and he said: 'It was a good performance and a good point. It is very pleasing. Mick McCarthy's Ipswich were denied three points as rivals Wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on Saturday . 'Wolves were in the ascendancy in the second half but we have had a great, stubborn, belligerent, professional performance - all those horrible words people don't like in football but I do because you win games and win leagues by doing that. 'We are always hard to beat and hard to play against. 'The first thing I said to the players in the dressing room after the game was what a belligerent, stubborn, hard working, tough, horrible bunch you have turned out to be and I love you and I am proud of you because you need all those qualities to be a good team. It is lovely to have. 'A lot of those qualities are probably the reasons why we are where we are. 'It takes a lot of things to be in the top six and there will be teams below us who are all playing sexy football but we are winning games and we are in the top six and we still have a chance of being promoted. 'So to anyone who cocks a snook at the way we are doing it I laugh at them and think it is comical because I think what we do we do well and isn't that what having a job is all about?' Tommy Smith's header (right) rebounds off Wolves defender Richard Stearman for an own goal . McCarthy, who was sacked by Wolves in February 2012 after almost six years in charge of the club, insisted that he did not have anything to prove on his second return to Molineux. He added: 'I think I am very much liked and respected by the Wolves fans and I love the club and the people here so I don't think I have got anything to prove and I always appreciate getting a nice warm welcome coming back. 'But I have taken the point and I am happy with that.' Although they trailed at the break, Wolves needed only five minutes of the second period to draw level when Afobe stabbed home at the far post and they could have gone on to snatch a winner with Nouha Dicko carrying their greatest. McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of Ipswich players . They could not find a second goal, though, and their play-off hopes are now hanging by a thread. However, coach Kenny Jackett insisted they will not be throwing in the towel. He said: 'It is out of our hands and now we will need to win our final two games and other teams will need to lose. But you don't know what will happen. So we need to make sure that we go again next week. 'It is a tough call, we understand that. We will have to see how the table looks but one way or another we have to put in a good performance and give it everything we have got next week at Wigan. Kenny Jackett is still hopeful his Wolves side can secure a Championship play-off spot despite the 1-1 draw . 'If the door is still open through other people slipping up we have to make sure that we are there.' He added: 'We gave it everything against Ipswich. I thought that we showed a lot of spirit, effort and energy in the second half when we pushed Ipswich all the way. The attitude and tempo was there.' 'Ultimately it is a better point for Ipswich than it is for us. We needed to win and I felt that we built up very well in the second half. We got a goal back early on but couldn't break down a very determined and well organised and resolute Ipswich defence. 'The number of times that they got blocks in was high and for us not to break them down in that period was our undoing so I am disappointed with the draw. We needed three points but Ipswich are very, very resolute.'
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials – and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end. Footage broadcast by KETV-7 in the nearby city of Omaha, Nebraska, showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle. Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton's campaign van in a handicapped spot on Thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party officials . Clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers in Council Bluffs, Iowa . SCOOBY-TWO: Clinton's now-iconic souped-up van has a mechanically identical clone, which the Secret Service rolled out as a decoy on Wednesday . KETV trailed Clinton to the Main Street Cafe in Council Bluffs, and spoke to Pottawattamie County Democratic Chairwoman Linda Nelson. The cafe meeting was so secret, Nelson told the station, that everyone in the room was told to hand over their cell phones and cameras before it began. The Secret Service typically does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries. Mrs. Clinton has round-the-clock protection, including a van chauffeur, because she is the wife of a former U.S. president, Bill Clinton. On Wednesday near Des Moines, Iowa, Daily Mail Online trailed Clinton's motorcade. The phalanx of 7 cars included a second 'Scooby'-mobile outfitted to look identical to the one Clinton was riding in. At one point that van's driver forced an interloping driver out of the way and drove through a red light to keep up with the group. FLASHERS: 'Scooby-two' forced an Iowa motorist to leave the roadway on Wednesday so it could go through a red light and rejoin the Clinton motorcade .
Brendan Rodgers has come out fighting after suffering Wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. Another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to Aston Villa but Rodgers said: 'I don't think there is anyone better. That is the reality of how I see it. Three months ago I was a tactical genius. Now I have lost a game and it is not so good. 'I have got a strong relationship with the owners and they understand that this was going to be the process. I haven't taken over a machine that was for 10 years used to winning trophies.' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . Steven Gerrard (left) trains alongside Jordan Henderson, who signed a new Liverpool contract on Thursday . Adam Lallana (left) was back in training for Liverpool as they prepare to take on West Brom . Henderson (left) shakes hands with captain Gerrard on the day he signed a new Liverpool contract . Liverpool have been putting in the hard yards on the Melwood training pitch in a bid to ensure they hit back from their FA Cup nightmare when they take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday. Rodgers leads his side to The Hawthorns after watching them wilt on the big stage against Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend, crashing out of the cup with a 2-1 defeat and a toothless display. The Reds welcome Adam Lallana back to the fold for the game against Tony Pulis' team while Jordan Henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club. He shook hands with Steven Gerrard at training on Thursday as the changing of the guard at Liverpool draws closer. Henderson is expected to take Gerrard's captain's armband on a permanent basis when the iconic No 8 departs for Los Angeles Galaxy when his contract expires at the end of the season. Liverpool are fifth in the Premier League table, seven points behind Manchester City in fourth but with a game in hand on last year's champions. Jordon Ibe (left) and Joe Allen compete for the ball during Liverpool's training session on Thursday . Philippe Coutinho (right) tries to keep the ball away from Gerrard as they prepare for West Brom . Raheem Sterling puts in a shift as Liverpool aim to hit back from FA Cup defeat by Aston Villa . Striker Mario Balotelli is one of a number of players whose future at Liverpool is in doubt past this season . Champions League qualification remains unlikely and Rodgers is expected to conduct an overhaul of his squad in the summer, with question marks over the futures of players such as Mario Balotelli, Kolo Toure, Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert. Liverpool's recruitment policy has fallen under intense scrutiny following the semi-final defeat to by Villa but Rodgers' position as manager at the club is understood to be secure.
With every new milestone, many may find themselves nostalgically looking back upon their life and career choices. As expected, not everyone will feel satisfied with the decisions they've made  that they have made the right decisions. But this affects women more so than men, a new survey has revealed. A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men. With 47% compared to only 40% of men . According to specialist travel agency Planet Cruise, women regret their career choices more so than men. Just under half (47 per cent) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions, compared to just 40 per cent of men. More alarming is the fact that nearly half of women (47 per cent) surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles. For men, the figure was even higher, with 52 per cent having suffered from mental issues. Furthermore, one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work. Similar ranking figures showed that people had also dealt with isolation, or unsociable and distant feelings as a result. The survey, from specialist travel agency, Planet Cruise, was conducted on people age over 55 and exposed widespread career disappointments among both men and women . More than a quarter surveyed also revealed that they wished that they had thrown caution to the wind and taken more risks in their careers. Specifically, one in ten admitted that they regretted not being more tenacious with pursuing promotions and being more ambitious in general. Women were also more likely to feel like their relationships had held them back in their careers. And 17 per cent of women felt some sort of resentment towards their partners - indicating that they held them responsible for a career regret or missed opportunity. 10% of women surveyed admitted that they regretted not having more children, compared with only 6% men . But only ten per cent of men admitted to feeling the same way. These regrets didn't only stem from people's careers, but sadly extended to personal choices too. More men than women (22 per cent compared to just 11 per cent) wished they hadn't worked so much, and had spent more time with their children. Just ten per cent of females regretted not having more children - indicating that career pressures had limited the amount of time they had available - compared to only six per cent of men. More men than women (15% compared to 10%) regretted not dating more before they settled down. More men regretted not dating more before they settled down - with 15 per cent admitting this, compared to just 10 per cent of women. From 6 April onward, the UK's new pension reforms allow over-55s to have more freedom with their pension. The  survey exposed widespread regrets within that specific age group. A spokesperson for Planet Cruise commented: 'Work can consume our entire lives. As we get older, we reflect upon opportunities in life which may have passed us by. 'Everyone has regrets in life and, in this case, women admit to this more than men.'
Andy Murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The world No 3 posted on Twitter a hilarious series of ‘emojis’ to his 2.98 million followers, displaying his various plans for the day. From the tweet its clear Murray expects a day featuring plenty of laughter, romance, alcohol and even dancing. Andy Murray is delighted after some Snooker with friends Ross Hutchins (left) and Jamie Delgado (centre) The world No 3 posted this humorous Tweet in 'emojis' on the morning of his wedding day in Dunblane . Murray’s friend and fellow tennis player Jamie Delgado also tweeted how the Scot has been preparing for the big day with a caption on a Twitter selfie: ‘pre wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who? @andy_murray @RoscoHutchins @JohnnyDelgado .’ The final preparations for the wedding in Dunblane’s Cathedral on Saturday afternoon are underway after the happy couple visited the venue on Friday to run through rehearsals. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open and announced their engagement last November. Here is Andy Murray's wedding day tweet in emoticons broken down to the individual 'emojis' However Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season. The 27-year-old, who reached the Miami Masters final on Sunday before eventually losing to Novak Djokovic, will also take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman in Spain. The possible appointment of Bjorkman, the former world singles No 4 and doubles No 1, has taken on greater significance since his coach Amelie Mauresmo announced she is pregnant. Preparations are well underway at the Cathedral in Dunblane for the Scot's big day . Fans and members of the public have been lining the streets of Dunblane to congratulate Murray . Members of the public have weathered torrid conditions to queue up outside the venue in Dunblane . Crowds have been building all Saturday outside the Cathedral in Andy Murray's hometown of Dunblane . Murray and Kim Sears leave Dunblane Cathedral together ahead of their last night of being single on Friday . Andy Murray celebrates taking a set against Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday . Murray had to settle for the runner's-up trophy in Miami, losing to World No 1 Novak Djokovic in three sets . Andy Murray looked understandably nervous as he arrived for his wedding rehearsal on Friday . Fiancee Kim Sears appeared at the rehearsal in Dunblane alongside friends and family . The pair will be married in Murray's hometown Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday afternoon . Local businesses have been getting ready to join in the celebrations of their returning hero . Murray has a golden postbox in his hometown after winning gold at the 2012 London Olympics .
Traitor Edward Snowden has revealed he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked – a move which put lives at risk from terrorists. In a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ‘evaluating’ the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency. The former US spy also acknowledged there had been a ‘f***-up’ when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda. Scroll down for video . Last Week Tonight host John Oliver flew to Moscow to grill Edward Snowden about the leaking of 'harmful' documents and asks him to explain why he did it . But in an outburst of arrogance, Snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ‘fundamental’ price of liberty. The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 – less than a month after the murder of Lee Rigby by Islamic extremists – when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents. He leaked information about attempts by spying agencies including GCHQ and the NSA to view citizens’ private information, claiming internet history, emails, text messages, calls and passwords were harvested. But security chiefs have warned that secret techniques, revealed by Snowden’s leaks to the Guardian newspaper, have made it easier for terrorists and organised criminals to avoid detection. Last month, Home Secretary Theresa May attacked the harm done by the traitor – now one of the world’s most wanted men. Terror experts said lives were being lost because he had hampered security service operations. They warned that extremists had altered their tactics after he leaked details from intelligence agencies – with fatal results. In Sunday night’s interview with British TV host John Oliver, for US channel HBO, Snowden pointedly avoided saying he had read every document he handed over to journalists. At one point the British comedian asks Snowden whether he had read all of the documents he sent to journalists. The whistleblower said he had an 'understanding' of their content . He would only say: ‘I’ve evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive.’ Pressed, he added: ‘I do understand what I turned over.’ But he acknowledged ‘recognising the concern’ over whether he knew enough about the contents of the files or the abilities of reporters to protect classified details. Snowden admitted there had been a ‘f***-up’ with the way in which some of the information about the NSA and GCHQ, Britain’s intelligence agency, had been released. Last year, the New York Times published a slide containing the name of the NSA employee who prepared it. The target of the surveillance was also identified as Al Qaeda in Mosul, Iraq. Snowden said such details should have been removed and, in a feeble attempt to defend his actions, added: ‘In journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made. This is a fundamental concept of liberty.’ Unconvinced, Mr Oliver replied: ‘You’re giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there … We’re not even talking about bad faith, we’re talking about incompetence.’ Oliver tries to get Snowden to explain the leak in the context of nude pictures. The ex-CIA systems administrator claims the government can see most of the pictures you share . It is one of the few occasions in which Snowden has been put on the spot over his treachery as he normally speaks only to Left-wing media who have published his leaks. Lord West, a former First Sea Lord and security minister, said: ‘Since the revelations of the traitor Snowden, terrorist groups have changed how they communicate and talk to each other. ‘His actions have made us all less safe. No doubt people will die who would not have died had he not been so irresponsible.’ Robin Simcox, of the Henry Jackson Society security think-tank, said: ‘This is exactly the danger that those who believe Snowden’s actions were hugely irresponsible – and potentially fatal – warned of. ‘This interview seemed to show how little Snowden had thought about the potentially deadly consequences. Snowden stole a huge amount of sensitive documents and as a result terrorists and other serious criminals have adapted their methods accordingly.’ Snowden handed an estimated 200,000 of the 1.7million stolen classified documents to journalists. In June 2013, he told the Guardian: ‘I carefully evaluated every single document I disclosed to ensure that each was legitimately in the public interest.’ This is a transcript of Snowden’s interview: . John Oliver: How many of those documents have you actually read? Edward Snowden: I’ve evaluated all of the documents that are in the archive. Oliver: You’ve read every single one? Snowden: I do understand what I turned over. 'These things happen': Edward Snowden, above, during his television interview . Oliver: There’s a difference between understanding what’s in the documents and reading what’s in the documents. Snowden: I recognize the concern. Oliver (cuts in sarcastically): Right, because when you’re handing over thousands of NSA documents, the last thing you want to do is read them. (laughter) Snowden: I think it’s fair to be concerned – did this person do enough, were they careful enough? Oliver (cuts in): Especially when you’re handling material like we know you’re handling. Snowden: In my defence I’m not handling anything any more. That’s been passed to the journalists and they’re using extraordinary security measures to make sure this is being reported in the most responsible way. Asking the Questions: John Oliver . Oliver: But those are journalists with a lower technical skill set than you. Snowden: That’s true but they do understand like you and I do just how important it is to get this right. Oliver: The New York Times took a slide, it didn’t redact it properly and in the end it was possible to see that something was being used in Mosul on Al Qaeda. Snowden: That is a problem. Oliver: Well, that’s a ****-up. Snowden: It is a ****-up and these things do happen in reporting. In journalism we have to accept that some mistakes will be made. This is a fundamental concept of liberty. Oliver: Right, but you have to own that then. You’re giving documents with information that you know could be harmful which could get out there. Snowden: Yes, if people act in bad faith. Oliver (cuts in): We’re not even talking about bad faith, we’re talking about incompetence. Snowden: We are, but you will never be completely free from risk if you’re free. The only time you can be free from risk is when you’re in prison. He added: ‘There are all sorts of documents that would have made a big impact that I didn’t turn over, because harming people isn’t my goal.’ A report by the Henry Jackson Society last month revealed terror suspects were using human couriers instead of email and phones following the leaks by Snowden. Daily operations of British spies have been damaged, with Islamic State seizing on the information – making it harder to track down its operatives. Al Qaeda militants are known to have changed communication methods to avoid detection, and have produced a video advising fellow extremists on the matter. GCHQ has lost track of some of Britain’s most dangerous criminals because of the way Snowden exposed its operations. Officials had to stop monitoring drug gangs, paedophiles, human traffickers and money launderers. The agency has also been forced to tone down or abandon surveillance amid fears the tactics are too easy to spot and could force criminals to fall off the radar. Mrs May told the Commons home affairs committee that the leaks ‘did cause damage’, adding: ‘It has had an impact on the ability of our agencies to do the work they need to do.’ Snowden, who was a computer specialist at an intelligence centre in Hawaii, tricked colleagues into handing over passwords so he could copy files in one of the biggest leaks in US history. He claims he had to act because the US government’s policies were a ‘threat to democracy’. He fled to Hong Kong, then Russia, where he was granted asylum and now lives in a secret location. A Guardian spokesman said the newspaper had ‘nothing to add’ in response to Snowden saying he had ‘evaluated’ the documents and whether this had put people at risk. How the Guardian changed headline to protect its favourite 'whistleblower' The Left-wing Guardian newspaper climbed into bed with Edward Snowden when he leaked the top-secret intelligence documents, publishing a string of damaging stories. And yesterday it was still giving the so-called whistleblower an easy ride when reporting on his clash with TV host John Oliver on his US show Last Week Tonight. The initial story on the Guardian website focused on the sensational revelation that Snowden had apparently not read all the documents. The headline stated: ‘Edward Snowden tells John Oliver he did not read all leaked NSA material.’ It added: ‘The whistleblower admits his actions carried dangers.’ But within hours it had toned down the headline so it focused less on his irresponsibility and incompetence. It was changed to: ‘John Oliver presses Edward Snowden on whether he read all leaked NSA material.’ The sub-heading was amended, to the softer: ‘HBO host posts uncomfortable questions to NSA whistleblower in interview in Moscow.’ A Guardian spokesman said the headline was changed because ‘an earlier version stated that Edward Snowden admitted he had not read all the NSA documents he leaked. In fact he did not answer that question’. The first Guardian website story                                         ..........and the later toned down version .
A sign of Raheem Sterling’s tender years can be seen inked into his forearm. The image of Wembley, which overlooked his estate growing up, is clear amid a cluster of tattoos. Rather than those two famous towers, synonymous with the national stadium for 77 years, it is the arc, unveiled in 2007, that is unmistakable. Back then, Sterling was a young kid dreaming of a career in professional football, playing jumpers for goalposts on streets and in parks. Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling has revealed that he will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future . The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night . Sterling impressed as part of England's front three but he has been used at wing back by Liverpool . Sterling pictured in Liverpool training on Thursday at their Melwood headquarters . Sterling and Daniel Sturridge share a joke in Liverpool training on Thursday at their Melwood base . The forward trains with his team-mates as they prepare to take on Arsenal on Saturday . He is still just 20, but much has changed. Sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week from Liverpool, confident enough to express his views to the BBC without the knowledge of his club. ‘I don't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old,’ says the player aware of his value as much as his age and how those two factors are linked. He knows, with two years left on his £35,000-per-week deal, he holds the cards in discussions with one of the biggest clubs in English and European football. It has been quite a remarkable rise for Sterling since his days looking up at Wembley with hope in his heart and a ball under his arm; rapidly progressing along the ground and through the ranks. Sterling arrives at Liverpool's Melwood training ground on Thursday morning . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hands out some instructions during Thursday's training session . The Liverpool manager prepares his team to take on Arsenal on Saturday at the Emirates Stadium . Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . Neil Ashton broke the Sterling contract story on Monday - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL ARTICLE . He was born in Maverley, Kingston, a tough Jamaican community where gun crime is rife and drug gangs rule, before moving across the Atlantic aged five to join his mother Nadine in north London along with three siblings. Living on the St Raphael’s estate meant the sounds of gunshots were never far away. Police labelled the adjoining Stonebridge estate a warzone in 2005. Rival gangs engaged in tit-for-tat shootings. ‘They were all dealing in crack cocaine and it was a fight for territory,’ said Detective Inspector Stephen Horsley in 2009. Sterling had his football and his mother, a source of inspiration and guidance. But he failed to settle in a mainstream primary school because of behavioural problems, finding escape at the Vernon House Special School, which he attended for three years. A decade ago he began to take his sport seriously. The English youngster spent seven years at Queens Park Rangers before moving to Liverpool in 2010 . He joined QPR's Centre of Excellence aged 11, and within three years was starring for the Under 18s . He joined Queens Park Rangers’ Centre of Excellence aged 11, and within three years was starring for the Under 18s. Mark Anderson and Frank McParland, Liverpool’s youth scout and academy director respectively, spotted Sterling star in these games and began their pursuit. At this time Sterling was taken under the wing of Tom Walley, a veteran youth coach who has worked with Ashley Cole and David James. Sterling’s pay has rocketed since he left QPR, where he would have been earning around £400 per week. After his move north, his first pro contract at Liverpool was worth £2,000 per week and his current deal earns him £35,000 per week as previously mentioned. Michael Calvin details in his book, The Nowhere Men, how Sterling would take part in pick-up games organised by Walley on a pitch in the back garden of the home of Tim Sherwood, then Tottenham’s technical co-ordinator. NEIL ASHTON: Just after 6pm most weekdays, Christian Nanetti counts his tips and rushes out the door of the new Soho eaterie Estado. Nanetti is a waiter now, blending into the London crowds as he heads for the Tube station to make his way out to Ashford, Kent, to train with his new club Dover Athletic. Four years ago Nanetti was an internet sensation, beating Raheem Sterling in Soccer AM’s iconic Skill Skool challenge in their battle over three rounds at QPR’s Harlington training centre. CLICK HERE to read on... A young Sterling poses for the camera during Soccer AM's Skill Skool in 2010 . Sterling's former team-mate Chris Nanetti (left) is now a waiter and plays for Dover Athletic . Sterling (right) performs some tricks as his academy pals and Nanetti (left) look on . Calvin writes that Spurs turned down the chance to sign Sterling for £200,000 because academy coaches were in disagreement over his long-term potential. Fulham were assured of his talent and had Sterling in their building before Liverpool swooped to take him to Merseyside aged 15 for £500,000. Shortly before travelling north, Sterling took part in Soccer Am’s Skill School challenge, facing another promising youngster Christain Nanetti. He is most recently of Dover Athletic, a tale of just how tough it is to make the kind of ascent Sterling has managed. He is close to completing his third full season as a Liverpool first-teamer having become the club’s second-youngest debutant aged 17 years and 107 days. Sterling has made 120 appearances for Liverpool since his debut in a 2-1 defeat by Wigan in 2012 . Sterling signs his £35,000-per-week contract with Ian Ayre (left) and Brendan Rodgers in 2012 . Rodgers points in the direction of Sterling during following a pre-season training session in 2012 . Both youthful and experienced, Sterling won the first of 14 England caps in November 2012. That call-up came three months after Brendan Rodgers admonished his player for uttering the word ‘steady’ during a pre-season training debrief. ‘You say steady to me again when I say something to you, you’ll be on the first plane back,’ said a pointing Rodgers in remarkably candid footage captured for Fox documentary Being: Liverpool. Sterling found himself in trouble with the law in August 2013, arrested on suspicion of assaulting girlfriend Shana Halliday. The Reds boss was angered by a comment from Sterling which the young forward denied . Rodgers warned the young players they must improve their attitudes during the exchange with Sterling . Sterling in action for the England Under 21s during an international friendly against Scotland in August, 2013 . Sterling maintained his innocence and the following month the case collapsed at Liverpool Magistrates' Court. A previous charge of common assault was dropped in May when a witness failed to show. Another of Sterling’s tattoos is the face and name of his daughter, Melody Rose, born in 2012 following a brief relationship. There were rumours Sterling had fathered more children by different mothers. This time last year he referred to those suggestions as ‘silly’, confirming he only has one child. The youngster embraces Rodgers after scoring for Liverpool in a 3-2 victory against Norwich in 2014 . The 20-year-old flew to Jamaica in January after being giving a mid-season break by Liverpool . This latest interview with the BBC was another attempt to set records straight. It did that, but perhaps not in the manner intended. No lines were drawn under his current contract talks, those stories will rumble on. Rather, his words illustrated a player fully comprehending his situation at Liverpool and in the market place. It has been a quick climb. Rodgers must convince Sterling to sign a deal that could be one of the biggest in club's history . Sterling scored a brilliant solo goal during Liverpool's 1-1 Capital One Cup semi-final draw with Chelsea . The Liverpool forward has now played 14 times for Roy Hodgson's England side .
Chris Ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure Queens Park Rangers' top flight status. Rangers are in the drop zone of the Barclays Premier League with 28 points as they prepare for a London derby at home to West Ham. 'If you win three games you're probably going to stay up,' said Ramsey. 'As long as we're above the line come the end of May we'll be happy. I just care if we win. I just take care of our own game. If we don't get good results it doesn't matter what they do. Queens Park Rangers boss Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the Premier League with three wins . Clint Hill reacts after QPR conceded a late goal against Chelsea to lose 1-0 at Loftus Road . Ramsey spoke of his dismay at the nature of the late defeat by Chelsea in their last game . 'We know the enormity of the task ahead but you can only plan and prepare as best you can and what happens happens. We understand there is pressure in these last few games. I can't say I don't feel pressure but it depends on how you deal with it.' He believes QPR's chances of achieving these victories from games against West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester will hinge on their an ability to kick the habit of conceding late goals, like the one which turned a draw into defeat on their last outing against Chelsea. 'It is down to a lack of continued concentration,' said Ramsey. 'The managers of other teams near the bottom would say the same. 'Not many teams are getting slaughtered but the quality at the top end is why they're there. We're not happy with late goals. We need to stop conceding those late goals. Ramsey's side face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season . Ramsey (right) wants QPR to improve their defensive concentration in order to stay in the Premier League . 'We were quite frustrated at the end of the last game as we played well but didn't get a positive result. We had good form and momentum and we'd have liked to have played straight away. 'I didn't get over it quickly. We had a game-plan and we didn't do it until the end. It was more for the players who ran their legs off. When you're dealing with the players and coaches of the class of Chelsea you have to be on it and we weren't.'
It has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill. Now New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city, and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug. Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week. The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri. State health alert: New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday  that 'Spice', also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is sweeping the city, with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8, 120 of them in one week . 'Synthetic drugs are anything but harmless, and this rash of severe health emergencies across the state is direct proof,' Governor Cuomo said, according to The Hudson Valley News Network. 'We banned synthetic marijuana, bath salts and similar substances to avoid the disastrous results that occur – and as law enforcement and health officials continue to crack down on the use and sale of these drugs in New York, we are today issuing a health alert as a warning amidst this surge in hospitalizations.' Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness, according to the New York State Department of Health. 'Young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging, but they are not made for human consumption,' New York Alcohol and Substance Abuse Service s Commissioner Arlene Gonzalez Sanchez told KOCO. 'They are dangerous and can have significant, long-term effects on the brain.' But the same problem is occurring all over the U.S. Critically ill: This photo shows Jeff Stallings, who was placed in medically-induced coma alongside his older brother, Joey, after taking synthetic marijuana on APril 6 in his hometown of McComb, Mississippi . On life support: The siblings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug, a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana. Above, Joey . Dangerous: The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over the counter as incense or potpourri . Alabama Department of Public Health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise in Spcie usage and said there had been 98 overdoses in the previous month. Synthetic marijuana a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to traditional marijuana. It is nicknamed Spice, Mojo, K2, Yucatan Fire, Solar Flare and Bliss, among other things. The drug is typically smoked by users. It does not give positive results in tests for cannabis. Because the herbs and chemicals in synthetic marijuana vary, it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking. They also cannot tell what concentrations they are taking - which can lead to fatal overdoses. Unlike pot, Spice can cause a huge range of symptoms, many of which can be severe. These include tremors, paranoia, seizures, vomiting, hallucinations, chest pain, cardiac problems, kidney damage and brain damage. Meanwhile in Mississippi, there were 97 cases over eight days in April, according to CNN. Two of these Mississippi cases were Jeff and Joey Stallings, brothers who were hospitalized April 6 after smoking Spice. The siblings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill  after smoking the drug, which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana. They were hospitalized within hours of each other, when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. They had to be put on life support. Fortunately both were able to fight for their lives and were allowed home on April 13. Jeff Stallings, however, has suffered permanent kidney damage. Last year, California teenager Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana. Connor, 19, fell asleep after taking the drug. His brain, deprived of oxygen, began to swell and he slipped into a coma. He was declared brain dead at Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach hours later. A deadly case: Last year, California teen Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana. Above, Connor is pictured brain dead, surrounded by his family, shortly before his organs were donated . 'He gave into (peer pressure) - thinking that it was okay, it was somehow safe - and one hit later, he goes to sleep and never wakes up,' Connor’s father, Devin Eckhardt told KTLA at the time. Doctors were unable to detect spice in Connor's system - there is no way to trace its everchanging components. However, they knew he had taken it after finding the package of the drug in his pocket. Connor's family donated his organs after his death, in accordance with the teenager's wishes. They later created a Facebook page to warn others about the perils of synthetic marijuana. 'Connor Eckhardt died after taking ONE HIT of synthetic marijuana (SPICE, K2, POTpourri). This dangerous substance is legal. Help us save lives by sharing,' read a post on the page.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone believes English football needs to ‘wake up’ after this season’s poor showing in Europe. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage, and Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round. Simeone, who takes Atletico to rivals Real Madrid for a Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night, thinks this season’s failure should spark a response from the Premier League’s top clubs. Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs in Europe . Chelsea's players look dejected during their costly draw at home to Paris Saint-Germain last month . Barcelona's Luis Suarez beats Joe Hart during his side's 2-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad . Arsenal's Mesut Ozil sits on the turf after his side's last 16 Champions League exit at the hands of Monaco . Click here to read Simeone's column in full . Writing in his exclusive column for Goal.com, he said: ‘I’m surprised there are no English clubs left in the Champions League. ‘English football has enormous potential with its footballers and financial clout. The fact that there is no English team left in the last eight of the Champions League or in the Europa League is a wake-up call for the Premier League to look at why it is that, despite their great economic power and with all the many great footballers playing in England, Chelsea are so far ahead of everyone else and why they have no teams left in Europe.’ Simeone believes that Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe - Wednesday night’s opponents Real Madrid, who have home advantage after a 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon last week, and Barcelona. ‘For us at Atletico, we are competing against two teams with the obligation of winning the Champions League,’ he said. ‘At the very least, Madrid and Barcelona are among the last eight in Europe every season and usually the last four, so for Atletico to win La Liga last season was a tremendous achievement.’ Diego Godin (left) and Raul Garcia (centre) smile as Fernando Torres makes a point during training on Tuesday . Atletico Madrid defender Guilherme Siqueira (left) heads the ball as Antoine Griezmann watches on . Atletico forward Mario Mandzukic appeared in cheerful mood during training in Majadahonda on Tuesday . Atletico's Turkey international Arda Turan keeps his eye on the ball ahead of the quarter-final clash . Beating Barca to the title last season was harder than winning the Champions League, according to Simeone . Simeone believes his side will face one of Europe's top two teams when they take on Real Madrid . Carlo Ancelotti, meanwhile, resisted the opportunity to get his excuses in early ahead of the game at the Santiago Bernabeu. Despite facing Atletico without four members of his first team, he said: ‘I have the best squad in the world and it is more important to me who is playing than who is not’. Gareth Bale is Real’s biggest absentee. He was vital for them in last season’s run-in, scoring in their quarter-final win over Borussia Dortmund and in the final against Atletico Madrid. Sportsmail understands he remains committed to staying at the club beyond this summer, despite interest from Manchester United, and he was desperate to play on Wednesday night. Instead he is in a race to be fit for the semi-finals at the start of next month, should Real qualify. Carlo Ancelotti watches his players during the training session ahead of the crucial Champions League tie . Cristiano Ronaldo (left) and Lucas Silva (right) are put through their paces in training ahead of their next game . Daniel Carvajal, Marcelo Vieira and Sami Khedira (left to right) train ahead of the game with Atletico Madrid . Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final . Gareth Bale will miss Wednesday's second leg after picking up an injury against Malaga on Saturday . Bale misses the second leg because of a strain to his left calf, while Karim Benzema and Luka Modric have knee injuries. The latter has been ruled out for up to six weeks after sustaining ligament damage in Saturday’s win against Malaga. Left back Marcelo, meanwhile, is suspended as Ancelotti aims to end a seven-game winless streak against Simeone. He is expected to play Pepe in midfield alongside Toni Kroos and Isco, leaving Cristiano Ronaldo in attack with James Rodriguez and Javier Hernandez or Jese. If Hernandez gets the nod, it will be his first big-game start since joining from Manchester United on loan in September. Should Javier Hernandez play, it will be the Mexican's first big-game start since joining Real Madrid .
