general motors has unveiled the chevrolet - fnr car .  it has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' .  the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .  it was developed in shanghai by gm ’ s pan asia technical automotive centre ( patac ) joint venture .  chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ’
shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15 - foot flames shot out of the manhole in the west midlands .  the father - of - two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began to escape .
farm worker seen urinating in field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire .  member of the public snapped him on his mobile phone after spotting him .  th clements & son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked with immediate effect .  passer - by said : ' it was disgusting .  it wants stopping .  we name and shame people for dropping litter in the streets .  we should do the same with this idiot ' .
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean - up of roads was hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .  but the hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘ over - interpreting ’ legislation .  sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .  he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
domenico rancadore , 65 , fled to italy in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence for his role as a ' man of honour ' .  he was sentenced to seven years in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .  but in february he was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .  but today it emerged that his case expired and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .  footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .  to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27 , 000 times .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by the end of the year .  she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .  andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .  the australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final kfc bucket meal .
abby bishop took in her two - day - old niece zala when she was 24 .  the basketballer , who lives in canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .  zala is now 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .  the 27 - year - old punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season ' s grand final against warrington warriors .  the wales forward came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday ' s 30 - 20 victory against st helens .  coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see flower come back an even more aggressive player .
paul armstrong , 26 , flew to cyprus to celebrate his new job as an it project manager .  after a spending spree he was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .  armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it .  he was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £2 , 000 costs .
the easter feast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester ' s northern quarter .  it contains two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs .  for £7 , customers are treated to three milks of choice which can be taken from a range including black squid ink milk , chocolate , strawberry and good old semi - skimmed .
google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .  in one of the most high - profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than £4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .  the eu is also expected to probe google ' s operating system for android smartphones .
phil smith scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull .  the 25 - year - old fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .  he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary .  his parents have paid tribute to their ' lovely son ' who had a ' natural talent with children ' .
john helm was commentating on bradford city ' s game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description .  he lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind – any bitterness would be understandable – but from everything i have been told there isn ’ t a jot of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy .  it should also never be forgotten that heginbotham twice saved bradford city from extinction .
rory mcilroy battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan .  the 25 - year - old defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown .  the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the new jersey governor .  fallon pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point christie took the treat for himself .  christie has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country ' s hyper - violent gangs into the same prison for the first time .  incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .  in all 1 , 177 barrio 18 members were transferred .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child ' s lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and then posted it to social media this week .  virginia ’ s portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama ' s federal lunch rules .
the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 56 miles from the libyan port of misrata .  the boat had embarked from mazara del vallo in sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp .  italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa to flee war and poverty .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .  they survive for 503 days after diagnosis , compared with 312 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques .
a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ‘ tosser ’ on top gear .  the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
the girl in the spider ' s web was completed in november by david lagercrantz .  it will be the fourth installment in the millennium crime trilogy by stieg larsson .  the 500 - page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker lisbeth salander and journalist mikael blomkvist .  norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a u . s . spy agency .
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing ' s famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  they show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven , standing next to giant statues at the western qing tombs and riding on boats at the summer palace .  some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion , a lion and a horse .
the 42 - year - old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car .  he managed to escape in the smashed - up car but wouldn ' t have got far without working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .  police are urging anyone who has seen the dark blue ford falcon ute contact police on 131 444 .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ' the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u . s . professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia .  the world health organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .
britain ' s five highest - earning nhs dentists are paid average of £690 , 000 .  a further 11 dentists were paid between £400 , 000 and £500 , 000 in 2012 / 13 .  campaigners said the payments were ' scandalous ' and ' unacceptable ' .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network in portadown , county armagh .  footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .  however , the group ' s initial analysis of its trajectory suggests that it may well have fallen into the sea .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .  in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership .  she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels .  for the leaders ’ debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women ' s under 19 championship qualifier to be replayed following a refereeing error .  england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute of the match against norway in the asian zone fourth round play - off first leg in manama .  uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg meant that bahrain qualified .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard imbedded with $ 100 bills .  pay - per - view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 ( £67 . 48 ) to watch the fight .  andre ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on june 20 .
at its peak in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of nearly 2 , 280 ships moored across the united states .  at its height in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of 2 , 277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in 2007 .  today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .  the worst affected mooring side is suisun bay in california where less than 50 ships remain .
david king , 70 , from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .  his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in pierres , south - west of caen .  an unnamed 28 - year - old frenchman has been charged with his murder .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley on saturday .  but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .  police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of planning her funeral .
the world ' s largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek station in south australia .  the eleven cattle farms cover over 100 , 000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s . kidman and co . the business produces 15 , 000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1 . 3 percent of australia ' s exports .
a ' bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - but it is chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .  anthropologists at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80 , 000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .  the findings add to evidence that neanderthals were not the slow - witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as .
