anuradha koirala is the founder of maiti nepal and the 2010 cnn hero of the year .  she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .  the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
carrie reichert , 43 , claims she felt ' overdressed ' when she saw prince playing strip billiards .  she has now written a book about the night in the eye of the royal story .  ms reichert has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .  she said : ' this surreal moment felt more like a dream : i ' m kissing a prince ! tasting his lips and feeling his tongue ' .
justin rose finished second in the masters after carding 14 - under - par .  rory mcilroy had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .  rose was looking to become the first european player to win the us open and masters .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says she has met the love of her life .  the 62 - year - old ' s home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn was also destroyed .  ms diano didn ' t evacuate during hurricane sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats .
maren sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at milford ' s jonathan law high school in milford , connecticut on april 25 , 2014 .  a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder as an adult .  the event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by sanchez ' s mother .
didier drogba has been awarded the barclays spirit of the game award .  the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday .  the 37 - year - old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .
bobby zamora opened the scoring for qpr with a 25 - yard strike from a narrow angle .  charlie austin headed qpr ' s second goal of the game on the 35th minute .  qpr went in 3 - 0 ahead at half - time thanks to eduardo vargas in the 58th minute .
andy murray marries fiancee kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .  the 27 - year - old scot confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list when he marries kim sears .  murray flew back after his miami open final defeat to runaway world no 1 novak djokovic on sunday .  the only non - british player likely to attend is jean - julien rojer , a doubles specialist from the dutch antilles who has a base in miami .
kathy ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' cuban kim kardashian ' by the city ' s fashion crowd .  the miami - based latina is known for strutting her stuff on the region ' s balmy beaches .  her instagram profile ' kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars .
residents on greville street say they were hit by ' peculiar ' power cuts .  they also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday .  but they thought this was a continuation of road works that had been taking place .  scotland yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene .  but it was graded as ' no police response was deemed to be required ' .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , was nigeria ' s harsh military leader some 30 years ago .  he was elected to president buhari ' s anti - corruption platform .  buhari : " ordinary nigerians have had enough of the venality of their elites " .  the problem of corruption went hand - in - glove with the rise of terrorism , he says .
bulgaria ' s most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .  it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .  only in turkey , where inflation is 7 . 6 % – compared to virtually zero in britain and the eurozone – will britons find the cost of a day out much more expensive .
charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .  he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , south carolina , on march 18 , the morning after an alleged ' kegger ' at the house .  neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg .  usc suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death .
saudi forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances .  prince alwaleed bin talal has promised to give each pilot a free bentley .  he apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week .  the 25 - year - old heads to the augusta national for the first time in his career .  only five men have won all four of golf ' s majors in the masters era .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .  the fight has been billed as the fight of the century by joe calzaghe .  tickets for the fight finally go on sale on thursday night .
manchester city ' s gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .  england ' s first - choice right - back at the world cup is still a regular for liverpool .  ron vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the tournament .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama .  he was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  he has helped refine mr miliband ’ s message about tackling cost of living .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor ' s £100 , 000 - per - week wages .  the togolese striker is out of favour under mauricio pochettino . the 31 - year - old has made just nine league starts this season .
real madrid visit rayo vallecano on wednesday night .  cristiano ronaldo hit five in real ' s 9 - 1 win against granada at the weekend .  ronaldo will be up against rayo striker alberto bueno - the highest scoring spaniard in the league at present .  mundo deportivo looks ahead to barcelona ' s clash against almeria .
steve clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline .  his team were narrowly beaten by arsenal in the fa cup semi - final .  mesut ozil and alexis sanchez were bought for a total of more than £70million .  clarke has been away from the cut - and - thrust of football ' s elite since he was sacked by west brom .
kendall and baylee were born with very different skin tones .  their father , curtis martin , is half - jamaican , while their mother is white .  miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis is half jamaican .  their genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin .  this means they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .
us youtube user elman511 cracked open an over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ' the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' .  he then cracks the smaller egg , which also has a yolk and white inside .  the unusual occurrence is called a counter - peristalsis contraction .
labour leader ed miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth over £2million to raise money for the nhs .  homeowners with properties worth between £2m and £3million will be forced to pay £3 , 000 a year in mansion tax .  david cameron has criticised labour ' s proposed mansion tax as a ' home tax ' .
sunderland host newcastle united in the premier league on sunday .  lee cattermole will return to the starting line - up for the wear - tyne derby .  massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season with a cyst from the knee .
sofia abramovich is the daughter of chelsea fc owner roman .  the 18 - year - old has taken to instagram to share fun snaps of her life .  but she has hit back saying she is going to turn negativity into positivity .  sofia is roman ' s daughter by irina vyacheslavovna malandina .
javier hernandez scored the goal that beat atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday night .  real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker .  the mexico international has scored four goals in 421 minutes of la liga football , averaging just under a goal per game and two more in cup competitions .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave this summer .  the 47 - year - old has been linked with a move to the premier league .  arsenal and manchester city are on alert .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will be charged for a weigh - in .  thousands of fans watched ricky hatton and mayweather at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas in december 2007 .  the decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety , not profit .  the winner will unify the wbc and wbo world welterweight titles .
qpr face west brom in the premier league on saturday .  chris ramsey has praised tony pulis as one of the best coaches in the country .  ramsey says pulis ' maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere ' .
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .  toronto ' s cn tower is the third tallest tower in the world and welcomes nearly two million international visitors a year .  the grand canyon skywalk is nearly 4 , 000ft above the floor on land belonging to the hualapai indian tribe .
barcelona beat psg 3 - 1 in their premier league clash at parc des princes .  david luiz scored a double in the first half for the catalans .  luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes .
barcelona beat psg 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter final on wednesday .  luis suarez scored a brace as barca put themselves in control .  suarez says he nutmegged luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
plane carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members touched down in khajuraho .  crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737 - 800 came to a stop .  passengers spotted smoke outside the plane ' s left wing landing gear .  jet airways said reports of a fire are untrue .
justine miliband met labour leader at a dinner party in doncaster .  she thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' , she said .  but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was already in a relationship with their ' mutual friend ' stephanie flanders .  she said : ' canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with ed ' .
arsenal beat arsenal 1 - 0 at turf moor in the premier league on saturday .  arsene wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season .  the gunners have won only once in 11 games but face hull city , leicester city and aston villa in their final six fixtures .
jurgen klopp will step down as borussia dortmund manager on june 30 .  the 47 - year - old will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .  dortmund are preparing for their home bundesliga match with paderborn .
national union of teachers ( nut ) will say schools should follow lead of countries like finland and introduce 45 - minute lessons immediately followed by 15 - minute play times .  teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .  motion calls on the nut to support play for five to seven - year - olds ' to reflect the needs of the children ' .
carl froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr . in las vegas this month .  the wba super - middleweight is open to facing andrzej fonfara .  froch took part in a poker tournament at the pokerstars uk & ireland poker tour .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 in their champions league quarter - final .  javier hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  raphael varane filmed the team ' s entrance to the santiago bernabeu .
