thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins .  the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .  it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  the most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail .  she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .  one of the notes read : ' i am not racist ' .  another said : ' apes were never meant to drive so stop ' .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim .  she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into huminski ' s car .  chloe ' s mother , named only as isabelle , ‘ heard her daughter ’ s screams ’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in calais - but was unable to do anything .  dna evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ' strangulation and sexual violence ' .
leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and has to be cut to 20ft in shade .  audrey alexander , 54 , claims trees knocked £20 , 000 off the value of her house .  she claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches .  high hedge act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden .
figures from the catholic church show number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .  she is now living in their house in willesden , north london , while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience .
jurgen klopp will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .  arsenal vice - captain per mertesacker says he would be a top manager in the premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .  the 47 - year - old announced he would end his seven - year stint at dortmund when the current season draws to a close .
paula dunican spent £25 on the coat at her local branch in canterbury .  she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' from the its lining .  inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  asda apologised and offered her a refund and £40 voucher .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry , 28 , has been suspended for a week .  footage shows her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother - of - three at a towing firm in virginia on april 6 .  when she picked it up , she resorted to insulting the employee ' s looks , intelligence , and social status .  despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28 - year - old to her role with a spot on sportscenter .
michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent £7 , 500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  his mother , joy , is worried her son is pinning too much on the transplant .  she said : ' i just want to feel normal , to feel like a normal shape and do things without thinking about it all the time ' .
lynne abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night ' s hour - long debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia .  the former philadelphia district attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .  mayoral candidate nelson diaz came to abraham ' s aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .  abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won ' t impact her campaign .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .  got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .  a video posted on facebook shows motorists desperately grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say .  said star wars films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' .  said darth vader listens to rap music - ' it ' s just a really bad racial stereotype ' .
jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from social network .  most claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . now twitter has confirmed its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
a 12 - year - old israeli girl is still missing after a tour boat she was on exploded .  passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .  between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft .
series of gruesome photographs show man being led out of a van .  his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama , syria , for being an ' alleged blasphemer ' .  the man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is executed .  it follows a video released by isis which warns ' america will burn ' .
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .  using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .  denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit .  but it has not been working for more than two years after every fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day . combined their love for each other , while raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .  paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so far raised £7 , 000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
nasr bitar spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada .  the college student followed in his own vehicle and followed it .  he then uploaded the picture to his instagram account .
danny higginbotham has described roy keane ' s controversial speech as ' one of the most bizarre team talks i ' ve ever experienced ' .  the former manchester united midfielder also reveals how keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team - mates instead of getting behind them .  keane is now part of martin o ' neill ' s backroom staff after leaving his role at aston villa earlier this season .
four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .  oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .  dna testing on the bed ' s timber proved it once belonged to king henry vii , and he traced it to 1495 , when henry vii went to lathom in lancashire .
a reserve deputy killed eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , in 2009 .  law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer ' s dominant side .
the 21 - year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .  a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake ' s gig .
a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act using a human as their base .  ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  dai aoki runs the waterloo , australia - based dog training company positive dog care .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off .  chief superintendent john o ' hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .  rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 .
mustafa kamal stepped down as icc president on wednesday .  kamal criticised the umpires in the quarter - final over a disputed no - ball against bangladesh batsman rohit sharma .  the icc asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the world cup trophy to the winning captain at the final .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .  he hasn ' t been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it doesn ' t have to cost a fortune .
matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year .  the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' real friends don ' t count chromosomes ' .
sports brand features prominently on leaflet distributed in raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to biting or even imprisonmen . comments prompted fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ' comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' .
lorraine bracco wanted to play dr . jennifer melfi in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster ' s wife in goodfellas .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and has completed one and a quarter marathons a day .  the 35 - year - old is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16 , 300 - mile epic journey on thursday .  if he is successful , mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss by 24 hours .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set - top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of game of thrones on april 12 .  the service is available in the us for $ 14 . 99 ( £9 . 90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .  it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
hillary clinton ' s aide huma abedin , 38 , spotted with husband anthony weiner and two - year - old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .  abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .  weiner , a former congressman , fell from grace after sending explicit images to women over twitter .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 .  his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .  leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .
nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain .  the former portsmouth ace slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .  it was dundee ' s first win in a derby for more than 10 years .
the wrap - mercedes - benz fashion week came to a close on thursday night in sydney .  toni matice and bondi bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces .  johanna johnson showed full - - bizarre golds and bronzes on the catwalk .
matt prior ' s one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .  the former england cricketer is chief executive of the team that will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .  prior is a long - time cycling fan who was mocked by kevin pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of new zealand .
steven finn believes he ' s regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .  the 26 - year - old was overlooked for the west indies ' world cup squad .  finn has played only one championship game for middlesex this season .
alex perry revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week .  the designer says he is enjoying ' taking a breather ' .  this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .
more than a dozen people were injured and least one person was critically injured , a police spokesman said .
raheem sterling has been linked with a £50million move to manchester city .  brendan rodgers says city are bigger than their etihad rivals .  city have been heavily linked with £50m move for sterling .  city face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
one in five chinese restaurants believed to be serving shark fin soup .  loophole came to light after trading standards raided royal china club .  charity bite - back said restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as ' fish fin soup ' or are offering it to mandarin speaking customers .  more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off .
qantas could be fined £20 , 000 [ $ au38 , 336 ] for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .  the australian airline could also be facing a massive £20k fine , that ' s more than $ $ 38 , 000 .  the airline ' s on time performance rating at heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of february .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two - and - a - half year con against his employer bt .  starrs along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , 53 , invented overtime cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ’ property during broadband installation .  judge nicholas cooke qc blasted starrs for ' taking his eye off the ball ' .
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last week .  the possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard .  froch is walking around at 12st 7lbs and in the gym four to five days a week .
clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of astana .  captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  video has been viewed more than 50 , 000 times since being uploaded to youtube .
torin lakeman , 19 , and his brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester .  they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ' dark web ' .  torin ' s housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ' have a good weekend ' .  coroner alan walsh said he would be writing to the home secretary .
steven gerrard will miss liverpool ' s fa cup quarter - final replay with blackburn because of suspension .  robbie fowler says players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi - finals of the fa cup .  fowler also says raheem sterling should end his contract wrangle and commit his future to the club after he rejected a new deal worth £100 , 000 - a - week .
republican gov .  sam brownback is likely to sign a bill that hit his desk last week .  recipients would be limited , for the first time , to withdrawing $ 25 in cash per day .  liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments .
richard dysart portrayed leland mckenzie in " l . a . law " .  he was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the snow - walled passageway along the 1000ft section .  the whole 65ft route will be open until november but tourists can walk the spectacular wonder until it starts to melt in summer .  over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910 , 000 last year .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  mr keenan ' s father keith was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping through a field in bruhl , germany .  they immediately assumed it was a prank and dismissed the strange call .  the owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal ' s fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula before being jailed by yemeni officials .  two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .
the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students .  families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking are far from resolved .
the 500ft - long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk .  defence sources said the submarine ' s weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning when she thought she was 15 years old .  she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .  the condition caused the ' episodic ' part of her memory to shut down , meaning she could remember things she had repeated over time such as how to drive and phone numbers .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j . t . mcgarr in 1980 .  but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .
a business called edward ’ s snow den has appeared in the us president ’ s headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .  he created the fake listing during a ted talk in kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in google maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems .
south korean investigators say they have proof - - the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  " dark seoul " paralyzed an estimated 48 , 000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman ' s arm just in time .  but before the ladder could be used the woman lowered herself on to the ledge .  the woman was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .
mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife , maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165 , 000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc . ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his ' miracle cure ' anatabloc product .  mcdonnell ' s lawyers were responding to the government ' s brief urging the court to uphold the criminal convictions .
a 16 - year - old student opened fire before classes at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle on monday .  brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived .  the teenager , who has not been identified , only transferred to the high school a month ago .  he later told police he shot into the air because he didn ' t want to hurt anyone .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person ' s instagram feed .  the firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile .  tinder also used facebook to boost its ' mutual friends ' feature .
brett robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  she was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  the report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' .
charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for 110 days off the west coast of africa .  the thunder ' s captain and crew manned life rafts before the vessel sank to the ocean bottom .  video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said thunder issued a distress signal .
invitations to service at st paul ' s cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington ' s historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .  instead , the service will focus on the ' pan - european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .  politicians said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .
jackson byrnes , 18 , was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  he was told he would not operate due to how deep the cancer was .  his family took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .  mr byrnes is just under $ 4 , 000 away from raising enough money to save his life .
hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .  the 55 - year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints .  he took $ 3 , 000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in new campaign for vans and & other stories .  the collection sees stories make a twist on the classic shoes slip on .  shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .
there ' s not a huge amount of visible damage to nepal ' s buildings .  temporary shelters have been put up , but very few - - 16 - - by the government .
waitress claims aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top .  the 18 - year - old was reportedly interviewed under caution over alleged assault .  lennon is on loan to everton and lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
manhattan - based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ' glowing ' .  clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ' for identification purposes ' .
rangers beat raith rovers 4 - 0 at ibrox on sunday afternoon .  nicky clark and haris vuckic scored for the hosts in the earlier kick - off .  the win means rangers remain level on 61 points , albeit the leith side have the better goal difference .
high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .  researchers in the u . s . found that in high heels , women ' s knees are held in such an awkward , bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints .
blunder believed to have been caused by race marshal taking a toilet break .  300 runners should have been directed at a junction point instead .  instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres .  bournemouth borough council has appealed for those affected by the mix - up to contact them for a ' gesture of goodwill ' .
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .  following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .  the zoo did not confirm if it was able to salvage the drone .
zella jackson price , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .  but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .  friends of price ' s foster parents revealed that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .
aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies to yemen .  coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran - backed shi ' ite houthis .  coalition now controls the country ' s ports and air space .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .  he is accused of shooting 44 - year - old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he ' d get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .
tabitha anne bennett , who is unemployed , allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl , 14 , and encouraged them to brawl , police said .  bennett allegedly admitted to encouraging the fight but denied kicking the girl .  bennett was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .
manny pacquiao is set to fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  the 36 - year - old took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey .  pacquaio ' s trainer , freddie roach , believes his man has a better chance of beating mayweather now than he did in 2010 .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , killed brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , in 1970 .  he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  judge called brutal double - murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .  he shot them both in ' execution - style ' killings to avenge sister ' s death .  vuoz ' father , herbert , later received nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .
nigel farage called for number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50 , 000 a year .  but at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ' ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .  conservatives accused mr farage of ‘ making up his policies as he goes along ’
the 1954 bentley r - type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around £200 , 000 by auctioneers .  it was originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple .  when it is ready , it could be worth more than £1million and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer .
jaysh al - islam - or army of islam - reportedly command 25 , 000 loyal fighters .  dozens of special units show off range of skills including close - range combat .  group claims ' largest military parade witnessed ' since dawn of syrian revolution .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale ’ s evolution .  in contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .  the mother - of - two has now shrunk down to a slinky 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .  before she slimmed down kim ' s wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure - hiding garments like chicken kiev , deep - fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers .
