president barack obama says he is " absolutely committed " to making sure israel maintains a military advantage over iran .  he says he understands netanyahu ' s stance that israel is particularly vulnerable and doesn ' t " have the luxury of testing these propositions " in the deal .
the american pharmacists association is discouraging its members from participating in executions .  this bolsters the association ' s previous positions to oppose the use of the term " drug " for chemicals used in lethal injection .
zaki - ur - rehman lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar - e - taiba .  he was charged in pakistan in 2009 , accused of masterminding the 2008 terror attacks .
iran ' s foreign minister javad zarif received a hero ' s welcome as he arrived in iran on friday .  " i pray that my children will be able to live in an iran that can play nice with the international community , " he says .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges .  he ' s accused of orchestrating the shooting death of odin lloyd .
co - star john stamos says netflix has ordered up a reunion special .  the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played d . j . tanner in the original series .  talks with co - starsbob saget , mary - kate and ashley olsen , dave coulier and lori loughlin .
a man and a woman were arrested in the frankfurt - area town of oberursel .  they were arrested on suspicion of planning a boston - style attack .
seismologists put the magnitude at 7 . 9 , which makes it about 40 % larger than the 7 . 8 currently being reported .  geophysicists have long monitored how fast the earth ' s plates are moving .
" i ' ve seen it before , " martin o ' malley says of hillary clinton ' s inevitability .  " history is full of examples where the inevitable front candidate was inevitable , up until she was no longer inevitable , " he says .  clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama .
u .  s . has been losing influence in latin america to a hyperactive china , a cunning russia and a troubling iran .  the president has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits .
mercury orbits about 35 , 983 , 125 miles from the sun .  the planet ' s closeness to the sun makes it hard to see except at dawn and twilight .
don mclean ' s " american pie " is sold for $ 1 . 2 million .  mclean recorded his first album , " tapestry , " during the student riots .
despite recent gains , only 126 , 000 jobs were added , the lowest since december 2013 .  low - wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis .
" furious 7 " producers hired a lockheed c - 130 hercules to fly five cars 12 , 000 feet high .  the hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history .
70 years ago , city editor and assistant city editor guy housley left their desks .  the daily news was strictly limited in the hours it could publish .
hln ' s # meforreal is an uplifting , revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online .  p ! nk posted a photo of herself in a black dress she wore to a cancer benefit this weekend .
students at ibnu - siina school in northern kenya are getting a so - called " western " education .  al - shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region .
university of nairobi students were terrified when they heard explosions .  hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals .  confusion and panic came less than two weeks after al - shabaab killed 147 people .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the boston marathon .  the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week .
a reserve deputy killed eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma , in 2009 .  law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer ' s dominant side .
robert bates says he mistook his firearm for a stun gun .  " that is absolutely the truth .  i have it in writing , " he says .
terrorist group al - shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in kenya .  the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group ' s activities .
bruce willis is set to make his broadway debut in the upcoming play " misery " .  kristin chenoweth , a nominee for " on the 20th century , " and alan cumming are set to host .
rabbis mendel epstein , 69 , jay goldstein , 60 , and binyamin stimler , 39 , were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping .  they were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of jewish husbands .
ines dumig met sahra through a photo workshop for refugees and torture victims . the number of refugees seeking asylum in the european union increased by 25 % last year .  " apart together " is a far - reaching story about people from all backgrounds .
les moonves is the president and ceo of cbs corp .  , which includes showtime .  moonves ' love of boxing gave him a chance to fight floyd mayweather vs .  manny pacquiao .  " if this fight happens , you ' re going to be sitting there , " says salvador .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
chinese police seize 43 . 3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six - month anti - drug campaign .  authorities also handled 115 , 000 drug - related crimes and 606 , 000 cases of drug use .
55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region and jailed .  in pakistan , the government lifted a six - year moratorium on the execution of civilians in the wake of the taliban attack on a school in peshawar .  amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide .
burglaries are often committed by working - class people , people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs .  many of those who commit the bigger crimes or run major criminal enterprises combine high iqs with a kind of raw street intelligence .
freddie gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday , one week after his arrest . police in vineland , new jersey , responded to a call of a disorderly person , and white was arrested and handcuffed .
the moon slipped into earth ' s shadow at 4 : 58 a . m . pt ( 7 : 58 et ) saturday .  watchers in the eastern half of north america caught only a partial eclipse before the moon set below the horizon .  this eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row , known as a " tetrad " .
police are looking into the possibility , police say .  ron lane was a longtime employee and the school ' s print shop operator .  lane ' s relatives said he was gay , as is the suspect .
a woman is seen pulling her son away from a crowd , smacking him in the head .  the boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie , with a dark hood on .  police commissioner : " i wish i had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight " .
aaron hernandez was convicted of first - degree murder in the 2013 slaying of odin lloyd .  lz granderson : hernandez was arrogant in court , or walked with too much swagger , or even smiled at his girl .
nearly 6 in 10 americans say businesses that provide wedding - related services should be required to serve same - sex couples the same way they would all other customers .  indiana ' s religious freedom restoration act , signed into law in late march , sparked a nationwide controversy .
hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered in shallow graves in damasak .  the town had recently been freed from the boko haram terror group .
the supreme court will hear oral arguments tuesday in a historic case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the right to marry .  chief justice john roberts shocked conservatives by providing a pivotal vote to uphold obamacare .  both sides see the case as a legacy - making moment for the roberts court .
jackson gordon has an alter ego : the dark knight himself , batman .  the batsuit had to be tough enough to withstand the stab or slash of a knife .  gordon raised $ 1 , 255 in 6 days .
arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman ' s residence in southeast washington .  he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended .
isis claims it controlled part of iraq ' s largest oil refinery .  by sunday , isis said its fighters were inside the refinery .
julian zelizer : hillary clinton is one of the strongest candidates in many decades .
" furious 7 " is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend .  " captain america : the winter soldier " debuted to $ 95 million from 3 , 928 theaters last year .
jeff green was playing for the boston celtics when he was diagnosed with an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart .  " i couldn ' t get stressed out , it was nerve - racking , " he says .
the world ' s seventh - largest economy is heading toward collapse .  the ocean feeds us , employs us , offers protection and plays a direct role in the lives and livelihoods of people throughout the world .  by 2050 - - only a few decades from now - - it is possible that the ocean could lose its coral reefs .
south africans take to the streets of durban to protest violence and xenophobia .  # peacemarch and # saynotoxenophobia were some of the most popular .
twitter and facebook hashtags are trending on the kardashians : used to be .  kylie jenner ' s chin is the latest lip - plumping trend to be trending .  jenner has tweeted her disapproval of the trend .
" avengers : age of ultron " is the third highest - grossing film of all time .  it ' s scheduled for release in may of 2018 and 2019 .
the " avengers " character was a guest on " the tonight show starring jimmy fallon " .  jeremy renner has proved he ' s more than a one - hit wonder .
university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down .  the hashtag # rhodesmustfall is now # rhodeshas fallen .  " this isn ' t confronting history , this is erasing it , " a singer says .
two of the teens , 18 and 19 , have been released " pending further inquiries , " police say .  the suspects were targeting a ceremony on anzac day , which is the centennial of the gallipoli campaign in world war i .
ahmed farouq died in a u . s . counterterrorism airstrike in january .  he was the deputy emir of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent .
emy afalava , a loyal american , was born in american samoa , a u . s . territory since 1900 .  lz granderson : dred scott case legitimimized as it declared that free african - americans had " no rights that the white man was bound to respect " .
heavy drinking among americans rose 17 . 2 percent between 2005 and 2012 .  in 2012 , 8 percent of americans were considered heavy drinkers .
chelsea manning is serving a 35 - year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .  she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media .  " it will be hard , but i don ' t want this twitter feed to be a one - way street / conversation , " manning posted to her 26 , 000 - plus followers .
a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man .  north charleston ' s police force is about 80 % white , with a population of 47 % black and 37 % white .
sammy griner ' s dad , justin , needs a kidney transplant .  the campaign is already a success .
shibuya ward is one of the capital ' s most prominent shopping and trendy entertainment districts .  the government passed ordinance paving the way for " partnership certificates " for same - sex couples .  proponents of marriage equality say the decision is a step in the right direction .
gisele bundchen announced she would be retiring from the catwalk .  the 34 - year - old is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady .
slovenian archaeologist ivan sprajc has found the lost city of lagunita .  he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient mayan cities in the jungles of mexico .
isis claims it controlled part of the baiji refinery .  iraq is working to fortify the facility ' s defenses .
carlsberg city has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847 .  prices range from just below copenhagen ' s average $ 5 , 000 per square meter to about $ 12 , 000 .
" anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming , " abdul - malik al - houthi says .  " our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions , " he says .
former australia cricket captain richie benaud dies at the age of 84 .  benaud was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985 .  he was the first cricketer to reach a test double of 2 , 000 runs and 200 wickets .
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years .  the social security administration stolen his id and social security cards .  " he needed to have an identification , but we couldn ' t get an identification without a birth certificate , " he says .
fabien le coq ' s photo series " treesome " is an embodiment of his unique way of interacting with the world .  the series is shot between 2012 and 2014 in the brittany region of france and countries in central america .  the viewer should become a third actor in a scene with trees and skies .
india is planning a massive cross - border aid mission in nepal .  some 3 , 862 people are known to have died so far so far .  india ' s prime minister narendra modi has visited the country twice in his first year in office .
" this crime has rightly caused outrage both in nigeria and across the world , " president - elect says .  nearly 300 schoolgirls were kidnapped by boko haram in april 2014 , police say .  " we cannot imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured , " says malala yousafzai .
of the ship ' s 2 , 117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms . the cdc has yet to determine what ' s causing the ailments .
tv5monde ' s 11 channels went black late wednesday due to an " extremely powerful cyberattack " .  there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group .
" sharon , lois & bram ' s elephant show " ran on cbc in canada from 1984 to 1989 .  lois lilienstein died on wednesday night from a rare form of cancer .  " she knew it was happening , she was at peace with it , " her son says .
annastasia w . is training for her first ironman half - triathlon this summer .  she says she was not very diligent in getting all of my training done .
sofia vergara ' s ex - fiance says embryonic custody disputes raise questions about life , religion and parenthood .  nick loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they decided to conceive a child via a surrogate .
lauren bacall ' s art collection goes under the hammer in new york on march 31 .  the 750 - piece collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century .  george clooney paid tribute to the silver screen queen in his award winning speech .
burger king will sponsor the wedding of joel burger and ashley king .  the couple accepted the restaurant chain ' s offer to pay for their wedding .  " we are very appreciative of burger king and can ' t thank them enough for their generosity ! " .
cnn analysis of passenger property loss claims shows 30 , 621 claims of missing valuables from luggage .  john f . kennedy international airport in new york topped the list of airports with the most claims of thefts .  in 2013 , el al airlines set up a hidden camera in a baggage hold .
molly schuyler broke her own big texan record of two 72 - ounce steaks and sides last year .  the mother of four beat four other teams , including pairs of football players and pro wrestlers .  " it ' s free , so i ' m pretty happy about that , " she says .
michael slager , a south carolina police officer , shot and killed a black man after a traffic stop in south carolina .  lz granderson : what if there was no witness - - or hero , as i call him - - to come forward .  we don ' t know when and where police killings take place or whether they cluster in particular cities or states .
freddie gray was arrested on april 12 without incident , police say .  he slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest . " we want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist , " police commissioner says .
gaioz nigalidze has been banned from the dubai open chess tournament .  officials found his smartphone hidden in toilet paper under his account .  the infraction has been reported to the international chess federation .
global capitalism is a juggernaut , with the world economy now doubling in size every generation .  unleash greed rules the moral order at the top of raw capitalism .
sandra bullock is the world ' s most beautiful woman of 2015 .  the 50 - year - old joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor .  " the people i find most beautiful are the ones who aren ' t trying , " she says .
sabra dipping co . is recalling 30 , 000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with listeria monocytogenes .  no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported .
jason rezaian , the washington post ' s tehran bureau chief , was killed in a u . s . drone strike thursday .  peter bergen : there is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy .
the u . s . is home to 25 % of the world ' s prison population .  john sutter : the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education .
marion " suge " knight pleads not guilty to murder and all other charges .  he is accused of running over the two men during an argument in january in compton , california .
up to 200 people are feared missing as a result of a landslide , a trekking association official says .  " we never imagined this would happen to us , " says one man who lost his extended family .
bob greene : we were too much in the midst of our own situational awareness , the fog of war .  he says it ' s worth going back to highlight some of the more strategic lessons that came out of that week .
a new study suggests that the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera .  o . c . marsh named the dinosaur , or " thunder lizard , " after he received 25 crates of bones .  marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names .
amnesty international calls for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers .  " the police are not above the law , and must not be treated like they are , " amnesty international says .  the gun battle lasted more than three hours and 20 smugglers were shot .
isis has been using abu ghraib and other cases of western abuse to legitimize its current actions in iraq .  the lack of accountability in the aftermath of the american intervention in iraq paved the way for abuses .
e ! will air a new documentary series about bruce jenner ' s transition from male to female .  jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender .
pope francis laments the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines .  he asked that bloodshed end in iraq and syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need .  he also hoped for peace in ukraine and for healing for those who have suffered there .
carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned the morning of april 14 for murder .  the remains of another man ' s remains were found in a duffel bag .
fatu kekula , 23 , was a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in liberia when ebola struck .  she has asked for special training on certain skills , such as caring for burns , a common type of injury .
tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s .  " for me when you ' re doing photography - - you want to share something with people , " he says .
cystic fibrosis patients shouldn ' t be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs .  " i told dalton i ' d rather be happy for five years of my life and die sooner than be mediocre happy and live for twenty years " .
dzhokhar " jahar " tsarnaev was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts , including 17 that carry a possible death penalty .  the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume monday .
vidarbha is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis .  some 2 , 900 farmers from the area have taken their lives since 2013 .  a plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose .
one survivor tells investigators there were 950 people on board the boat , prosecutors say .  the migrant is among dozens who were trapped inside behind locked doors .  the incident could be worse than an incident last week in which 400 refugees died in the mediterranean .  " gangs of criminals are putting people on the road to death , " prime minister joseph muscat says .
california is a breadbasket to the nation , growing more than a third of its vegetables and nuts .  fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2 . 5 % and 3 % , close to historical average increases .
chris copeland was stabbed after leaving a new york nightclub .  two atlanta hawks and the hawks were among those arrested .
police commissioner : 95 % of the protesters were respectful but a " small group of agitators intervened " .  vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7 - 11 , police say .
iran imposed the ban on women attending most sports events after the islamic revolution in 1979 .  a top iranian sports official says the ban will be lifted for some events in the next year .  fifa president sepp blatter called on iran to end its " intolerable " ban .
jamal al - labani is believed to be the first u . s . citizen killed in yemen .  he had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2 - year - daughter back to the united states .
texas a & m galveston professor irwin horwitz says he ' s finally reached a breaking point .  he says students spread hurtful rumors about him , his wife and colleagues .  university officials have not yet responded to cnn ' s request for comment .
ly sivhong ' s hometown of phnom penh fell to the khmer rouge regime in 1975 .  about 20 , 000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint .  " i ' ve always searched for you , " she says .
u .  s . military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies in iraq and syria .  dozens of foreigners , including americans , have volunteered to take the fight to isis .  some organizations have set up recruitment drives online , featuring applications for foreign fighters .
gregory margolin was a 16 - year - old jewish recruit when he fought in the soviet red army .  he was able to survive another , even as the stray missile hit his house .
robert bates is charged with second - degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris .  bates had one taser training class over a six - and - a - half - year period , according to a document .  the sheriff ' s office has turned down cnn ' s requests for the documents .
the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran ' s nuclear program has come and gone with no deal .  iranian foreign minister javad zarif , u . s . secretary of state john kerry and helga schmid held talks early thursday morning .
the new trailer for " fantastic four " came out monday .  the movie promises a very different take on the classic marvel comics .  fans on twitter had mixed reactions .
joseph kent ' s lawyer says he is representing his client .  kent was released from jail on a charge of curfew violation .
kanye west has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted .  the photographer had filed the civil suit against the photographer .  west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery .
a north pacific gray whale completes the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded .  varvara was thought to be an endangered western whale .
chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders .  india ' s economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth .  it ' s predicted that india could outpace china as the world ' s fastest growing economy as soon as this year .
kenyan deputy president william ruto gives the u . n . ' s refugee agency three months to relocate refugees .  al - shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college in eastern kenya this month , killing 147 people .  ruto : " the way america changed after 9 / 11 is the way kenya will change after garissa " .
hillary clinton will take a 23 % pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women in america .  john sutter : if elected president , women earn on average 77 cents for every dollar men earn .
the u . s . is urging china to release five young feminists who face years in prison .  the five are members of china ' s women ' s rights action group .  protesters in several cities have called for their release and taken to social media with the phrase " free the five " .
" the late show with david letterman " will air wednesday , may 20 .  bill murray , george clooney , scarlett johansson , jerry seinfeld among the guests .  stephen colbert will take over the " late show " on september 8 .
tristan da cunha is made up of four islands in the south atlantic ocean .  there are only seven family names on the islands .  the uk overseas territory is holding an international competition to make the island self - sustainable .  the island is only accessible by sea 60 - days - a - year through a small port in its only town , edinburgh of the seven seas .
the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese - americans confined to world war ii internment camps .  a change . org petition and mediation by " star trek " actor george takei has removed the items .
lz granderson : police were blamed for doing too little and for doing much .  lz : if there are criminally guilty cops , police have no problem with justice .  he says police will arrest tens of thousands of poor black men , mostly on drug charges .
malala yousafzai released an " open letter " to the girls monday .  she says she was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school .  the 17 - year - old nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban .
" this is not a random situation , it is an isolated situation , " school president says .  the gunman is identified as 20 - year - old kenneth morgan stancil iii .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun .  another deputy can be heard swearing at the suspect after he was shot .
at least 17 people have been killed , with dozens injured and several missing .  helicopters brought stranded climbers off the mountain monday amid growing concern for the groups .  " the icefall has been deemed impassable at this point , " a blogger says .
the death toll has missed past 3 , 000 and climbs , inexorably .  the city was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years .
alice barker was a dancer in new york ' s cotton club and zanzibar .  she had never seen herself dancing until now .
80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms . most people , including women , only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching , groping and stalking .  sexual harassment in india is pervasive in all aspects of life .
coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch died in the crash .  the plane was heading back from the ncaa final four championship game in indianapolis .
iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian .  hundreds of gays and lesbians from iran are now in limbo .
the first set of female quintuplets born in the u . s . since 1969 was born in houston on april 8 .  all of the girls died within 24 hours .
ailina tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev .  she is charged with aggravated harassment , which she denies .
cardiothoracic surgeon mehmet oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore .  dean obeidallah : if the senate couldn ' t bring him down , he ' s increasingly serving himself at a cost .
etihad airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the new york airport .  american jennifer stewart and her husband , joseph naaman , booked felix on their flight from abu dhabi to new york city .  felix was able to get loose because the cat ' s plastic carrier was badly damaged .  the couple said they spent $ 1 , 200 to ship felix to the u . s . after living in abu dhabi for more than three years .
aaron hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole .  he was convicted of first - degree murder in the 2013 murder of odin lloyd .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in tylenol , most forms of midol and more than 600 other medicines .  the study was published this week in psychological science .
north korea accuses mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships .  the ship , the mu du bong , was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july .
mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing .  the film will feature material shot and shot by cbs films .
debra lobo , a 55 - year - old california native , was shot in the right cheek and left arm .  she is being treated at the karachi ' s aga khan hospital .
mark ronson ' s " uptown funk " is the longest - leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s .  it ' s just the 10th single in the hot 100 ' s entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no . 1 .
a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies in the past few weeks .  new jersey gov .  chris christie called for substantial cuts to social security .
five years after the deepwater horizon rig exploded , the gulf of mexico ' s seafood industry is finally starting to rebound .  it ' s still unclear where all of the oil went , exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of the crisis .  crabs play an important role in the region : roughly 60 million pounds were fished in the gulf in 2012 , earning tens of millions in revenue .
james best was known for his portrayal of sheriff rosco p . coltrane on " the dukes of hazzard " .  best died of complications from pneumonia , a longtime friend says .  " i laughed and learned more from jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year , " co - star john schneider says .
a video of toya graham yanking her son away went viral .  dean obeidallah : isn ' t this why is america celebrating the beating of a black child ?
regina agyare is the founder of software development company soronko solutions .  the organization supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18 .
jury selection started in january with 9 , 000 potential jurors .  opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on april 27 .  james holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others .
bishop robert finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse .  he was put on two years ' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine .  the catholic diocese of kansas city - st . joseph still listed him as its bishop tuesday .  cardinal sean o ' malley has acknowledged the inconsistency that someone who wouldn ' t be allowed to teach sunday school was still running an american diocese .
jared leto put on white makeup to portray clown prince of crime in " suicide squad " .  twitter users got their first look at leto friday night .
two african - american candidates win their wards to make the city council 50 % black .  " thank you , ward 1 .  i love you , " ella jones says .  ferguson ' s population of about 21 , 000 is 70 % black , but the city was mainly white .
asiana airlines plane overran a runway while landing at hiroshima airport .  twenty - three people had minor injuries , fire department says .
ben powers died april 6 in new bedford , mass .  he played thelma ' s husband on the final season of " good times " .
a controversial beijing - backed election proposal tabled that pro - democracy legislators have already sworn to veto .  if approved , the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 .  hong kong ' s leaders argue its latest proposal fulfills the long - awaited promise of universal suffrage .
baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a " purge " .  the term appears to be a reference to 2013 ' s " the purge : anarchy " .
" real housewives of beverly hills " star kim richards is accused of kicking a police officer .  she is expected to face misdemeanor charges , police say .
espn ' s britt mchenry has been suspended for a week after a video of her berating and belittling a tow company employee .  the video was released by the tow company - - and she was called a " sad , self - hating coward " .
the original cast of twin peaks is backing david lynch in his salary standoff with showtime .  the stars have teamed together for a # savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is " like pies without cherries " .  showtime already had a deal in place with lynch and co - creator mark frost to bring back the cult hit with kyle maclachlan .
easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith .  it celebrates the completion of christ ' s mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection .
kamron taylor , 23 , was arrested overnight in kankakee county , illinois .  the convicted murderer turned jail guard gertrude combs into a jail escapee .  taylor will likely face an attempted murder charge for his role in the attack .
paul nungesser is suing columbia university for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a " serial rapist " .  the lawsuit alleges the defendants violated her right to an education free of gender - based discrimination .
jason rezaian has sat in jail in iran for nearly nine months .  the washington post ' s bureau chief was arrested in july on unspecified allegations .  it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him .
several of the world ' s worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law .  anyone who doesn ' t subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger .
the dc special flight rules area is the most restricted u . s . airspace in the country .  the size of the sfra airspace is designed to be large enough to determine if a threat exists from an aircraft entering it .  being at the wrong end of an f - 16 missile is also a possible penalty .
olivia munn will play the telepathic psylocke in the follow - up to " x - men : days of future past " .  she will join james mcavoy , michael fassbender and jennifer lawrence in the movie .
president obama and raul castro meet for an hour in a small conference room .  the meeting comes as the two countries work to end the cold war enmity .
thousands of syrian and palestinian refugees have suffered untold indignities in the yarmouk refugee camp .  u . n . secretary - general ban ki - moon : jihad and mohammad were taken from the camp in recent days .  ya ' qoub , the youngest palestinian refugee to flee , was born on march 30 .
oliver minatel , 22 , says he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto .  " with a rope , something that he has , he just jumped on me , " minatel says .  " he was talking about how this soccer team was trying to kill him , " coach says .
the california public utilities commission is ordering pacific gas & electric co . to pay a record $ 1 . 6 billion .  most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety .
poll : 1 . 5 million ethnic armenians were killed in the final years of the ottoman empire .  many turks do not believe that the events of 1915 were genocide .  armenian prime minister : turkey ' s ottoman rulers planned and carried out a " monstrous crime " in the years of world war i .
as of tuesday , there were 135 cases - - 129 confirmed , and six preliminary - - of hiv .  the increase has been linked to injection drug use , mainly of the prescription opio .  officials expect more cases as more individuals are tested , particularly because it can take up to three months for hiv to appear in a person ' s system .
a photo of a cat coming down some stairs caught fire on imgur .  some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat .
thousands of yazidis live within hearing distance of isis ' s frontlines with isis .  islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves .  " they said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family , " she says .
ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on malala yousafzai .  the assailant ' s conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides .
motley crue ' s vince neil butchered " the star - spangled banner " before the las vegas outlaws arena game .  michael bolton ' s version of the controversial national anthem comes from 1969 .
an elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from nairobi to garissa .  al - shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school .
" we were sitting here in base camp , feeling the situation was getting better , " climber says .  aftershocks are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside .
five years ago , rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe .  in the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30 , 000 times .
7 - eleven is hosting the first bring - your - own - cup slurpee day .  customers can fill their " cup " of choice for $ 1 . 49 .
sen .  bernie sanders is running for president in vermont .  sanders is a progressive , holding his seat in the u . s . senate as an independent .
iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices .  iran isn ' t 10 feet tall in this region , but by making the nuclear issue the be - all and end - all that is supposed to reduce iran ' s power .
a u . s . official says up to 25 , 000 iraqis are expected to return to mosul in april or may .  mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government ' s fight against isis .
three of the teens , all 18 or 19 , have since been released " pending further enquiries , " police say .  prime minister tony abbott calls the suspects the " daesh death cult " .  the suspects were associates of 18 - year - old nadun haider , who was killed in september .
iman hashi , 25 , and her sister siham , 27 , were born in somali capital mogadishu .  their debut album is in the recording studio in los angeles .  siham : " i just felt like he was always the missing piece " .
british police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn ' t respond .  the alarm was activated at hatton garden safe deposit ltd .
" the big bang theory " co - creator bill prady is co - writing the script for a pilot presentation .  bob kushell ( " anger management , " " 3rd rock from the sun " ) will also co - write .  this marks the second time prady has attempted to revive " the muppets " .
julian zelizer : obama ' s political standing is so deeply intertwined with iran .  he says obama has a huge political stake in these negotiations .
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice .  indonesian officials say all 10 would be executed at the same time .
a u . s . special operations forces team rescues 30 people , including three americans , by helicopter .  " the way the building is , it ' s definitely a miracle , " says the ambassador .
anne and margot frank died at least a month ago than previously thought .  researchers re - examined archives of the red cross , the international training service and the bergen - belsen memorial .
police arrest five suspects in connection with thursday ' s attack at garissa university .  104 people were injured , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .  the attack sparked an additional search of the building .
aaron hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another in july 2012 .  prosecutors say he fatally shot daniel de abreu and safiro furtado when he fired into their bmw .  hernandez ' s lawyers have argued he couldn ' t defend himself properly while on trial in massachusetts .
skywest airlines flight lands in buffalo , new york , on wednesday .  passenger received medical attention before being released , skywest spokeswoman says .  faa initially reported a pressurization problem .
shinzo abe has been evasive about embracing responsibility for japan ' s wartime actions in asia where the bitter legacies remain divisive .  abe ' s stance on history is a factor in hindering trilateral security cooperation with south korea .
julian zelizer : sen .  elizabeth warren said she isn ' t going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks .
rescue workers are treating the injured in gorkha , a district northwest of kathmandu .  one of the biggest challenges is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas .  the hospital campus is not big enough to handle such calamity .
kansas gov .  sam brownback signed a law banning " dismemberment abortion " .  the law is the first of its kind in the united states .
an experienced climbing group plans to trek up the mountain to pick up at least 4 , 000 pounds of waste .  the upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first indian team to scale mount everest . more than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak , part of a unesco world heritage site .
joss whedon and drew goddard are accused of stealing the idea for " avengers : age of ultron " .  peter gallagher alleges similarities between the characters ' names and personalities .
" it ' s been a really rough day , " jon reiter tells cnn .  reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation .
the ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u - boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo .  the vessel sunk to more than 16 , 800 feet under the surface ( 5 , 150 meters ) in 2011 .  deep ocean search got a percentage of the sale , and the uk treasury made the company keep it secret until this week .
william melendez , 49 , is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner .  he ' s accused of punching unarmed motorist floyd dent , 57 , during a traffic stop .  melendez pleaded not guilty to the new charges brought against him in an arraignment tuesday .
obama ' s efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the middle east , north africa and south asia .  academics who must say something new to garner interest in their work may describe the agendas of radical islam .
hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war and the deep blue sea in misrata .  the business of human trafficking has boomed .  some italians are alarmed at the prospect that this year alone as many as a million migrants could arrive in europe .
almost all the deaths have occurred in the central mediterranean crossing from libya to italy .  the latest sinking has triggered some action in the european union , which has unveiled a new ten - point action plan .  could australia ' s current policy be used as a global solution , or at least one for asylum seekers trying to cross the mediterranean .
the cdc is working with state health leaders to control the " severe outbreak " .  as of friday , 142 people have tested positive for hiv , with 136 confirmed cases .  the outbreak has spread among users of a prescription opioid called opana .
april 8 is april 8 , 2015 , when " rex manning day " is set to make an in - store appearance .  twitter didn ' t , paying homage to the 1995 film " empire records " and the character of rex manning .
larry upright , 81 , died monday at a north carolina hospital .  he was a former shriner of the year at the cabarrus shrine club .
alfred taubman , a real estate developer , died friday at the age of 91 .  he helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls .
nepal ' s national emergency operation center says 1 , 376 people were killed in melamchi .  the aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents , medicines and rice .
theia is a friendly white - and - black bully breed mix from washington state .  she was hit by a car in a misguided mercy killing and buried in a field .
fighting has killed hundreds of people in houthi - held areas , yemeni officials say .  the houthis are shiites in a majority sunni country .
typhoon maysak is moving west - northwest after skirting the micronesia .  its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the island of luzon .  the storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the philippines .
" grey ' s anatomy " creator shonda rhimes : " i absolutely never imagined saying goodbye to our ' mcdreamy " .  " i will forever be humble and humbled by the experience , " dempsey says .
near - sightedness , or myopia , means nearby objects appear clearly , but those farther away look blurry .  reducing risk is easy , free and readily - available : get some sunlight .  in asian cultures , there is heavy emphasis on education and hyper - competitiveness .
warren weinstein was 73 years old when he was killed .  his wife says she is still searching for answers .
mary kay letourneau fualaau and her husband are still together .  the couple wed in 1996 and are now the parents of two teen girls .
ringo starr is the final beatle to be inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame as a solo act .  yoko ono is on hand to honor her late husband and fellow songwriter george harrison .  john mayer came out to honor bill with a performance of " use me " backed by stevie wonder .
an egyptian court sentences 71 people to life in prison for their role in the burning of a christian church .  the virgin mary church was torched and looted by a mob , human rights watch reports .  most of those sentenced - - 52 of the 73 defendants - - were tried in absentia , with 21 already in prison .
cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst .
five nursing students were killed in a multivehicle wreck near savannah .  the women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations .
sabra hummus recalls more than 70 , 000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination .  each report will list recalled items with their product codes .
walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot - button political issues .  the company ' s opposition to the religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the republican party .  former minnesota gov .  tim pawlenty called on the gop to " be the party of sam ' s club , not just the country club " .
muhammadu buhari won nigeria ' s presidential election , defeating incumbent goodluck jonathan by two million votes .  buhari ' s win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country .
australia has recalled its ambassador to indonesia for consultations .  two australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad .  australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions " cruel and unnecessary " .
for the first time a majority , 53 % , favor its legalization , with 77 % supporting it for medical purposes .  support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone .
sandra mackey was an undercover reporter working for u . s . newspapers .  she smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudi arabia ' s prohibition on foreign journalists .  her 1992 book " passion and politics : the turbulent world of the arabs " helped bridge gaps in understanding between arabs and americans .
five militants from the kurdistan workers ' party were killed , cnn turk reports .  four turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting , the military says .  turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu condemns the violence .
more than 25 , 000 people have fought ebola over the last year .  the largest ebola epidemic in history has died down .  who in liberia is in the process of decommissioning surplus facilities .
mohammed abu khdeir ' s name will be removed from the israeli memorial .  the 16 - year - old was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july .
federal police arrest treasurer of ruling workers ' party .  joao vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering .
record breaking jockey ap mccoy wins the grand national .  the 25 - year - old is the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back - to - back winners on different horses .  leighton aspell won last year ' s grand national too .
film critic richard corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke .  he was called " perhaps the magazine ' s most quoted writer of all time " .
sierra sharry and lane smith were about to become parents .  in july , smith fell and hit his head .  the family photo has become a social media sensation .
mcdonald ' s is going to raise wages for 90 , 000 of its employees .  at least $ 1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law .  lz granderson : it ' s a significant victory for fast - food cooks and those of us who support them .
cheryl ' s birthday challenge was meant to test the better high - school students competing in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad .  the problem went viral after kenneth kong posted it to facebook .
" the roads are cut off and we won ' t be able to reach them for a few days , " emergency official says .  about 4 , 500 people have been isolated by flood waters .  the storm has already claimed four lives .
tepco deployed the remote - controlled robot inside one of the damaged reactors .  it was the first time the probe had been used .  decommissioning work is estimated to cost $ 50 billion and will take years to complete .
ashish thakkar is the first african to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with richard branson ' s company , virgin galactic .  the ugandan tycoon ' s vision spans beyond africa , and he ' s been called " africa ' s youngest billionaire " .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
davion navar henry borrowed a bible to help him find a forever parent .  now 16 , he went through four more foster homes .
ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti .  the camp borders eritrea , ethiopia and somalia in the horn of africa .  it ' s the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the united nations .
at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks , an iraqi official says .  isis fighters seized several districts in the iraqi city of ramadi in an hours - long assault .  ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia ' s " execution island " .  a panel of three judges confirmed an earlier ruling that it lacked the jurisdiction to hear challenges against president joko widodo ' s refusal to grant clemency .  australia has repeatedly proposed a prisoner swap with indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths .
jarret stoll of the l . a . kings is charged with possession of controlled substances .  he was released from the clark county detention center on $ 5 , 000 bail .
actress penelope cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to " zoolander 2 " .  stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film ' s production in italy .
andy murray ' s wedding to girlfriend kim sears takes place in dunblane , scotland .  the couple met at the u . s . open in 2005 and got engaged in november .  murray resorted to a series of emoticons to sum up his excitement .
cathay pacific forced to cancel a scheduled flight from london to hong kong .  one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage .
the temperature was recorded at argentina ' s esperanza base on march 24 .  the world meteorological organization is in the process of setting up an ad - hoc committee .
google ' s popular real - time traffic app , waze , uses gps and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars .  google claims the app " is all about contributing to the ' common good ' out there on the road .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather will fight each other this weekend .  boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday .  the ufc has grown from a freaky - violent carny sideshow into a mainstream sport .
two police officers and a security guard of the provincial attorney general ' s office are among the dead .  afghan security forces are making advances in the fight to avoid civilian casualties .
" a . d . the bible continues , " 9 p . m . et sunday , nbc .  " mad men , " anna friel and billy crystal returns to television .
the three have been in jail since february 22 .  they were found plane spotting near fujairah airport .
kabul ' s population is five times what it was when nato arrived here .  the u . s . embassy and nato declined to comment for this story .
former maryland gov .  martin o ' malley is intensifying his criticism of hillary clinton .  in big policy choice , clinton signals an important campaign focus .
a draft script of " the breakfast crew " has just been found in a filing cabinet .  the manuscript sports the approval signature of the district ' s then - superintendent .  the movie was filmed at the maine north high school building .
universal announced thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on feb . 10 , 2017 .  the third film in the series will debut feb .  9 , 2018 .  stars dakota johnson and jamie dornan are negotiating for more money for the sequel .
anthony stokes ' family says an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery .  in 2013 , stokes carjacked someone , hit a pedestrian and then a pole , police say .
aaron hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi - pro player odin lloyd .  much of the evidence in the case is circumstantial .
wu rongrong was taken into custody last month for planning to protest on international women ' s day .  the fate of the five will be revealed by april 13 , as their case reaches the legal time limit .  this year marks the 20th anniversary of the influential fourth world conference on women hosted in beijing .
craig hicks ' case is " death penalty qualified , " a judge rules .  he is charged in the deaths of three college students in chapel hill , north carolina .
there ' s a particular emphasis on the functional movement required to execute the perfect swing .  yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers like tiger woods , adam scott and jordan spieth .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu calls for a " clear and unambiguous recognition " of israel ' s right to exist . he calls the emerging deal " a historic mistake " .
protesters say they ' ll keep taking to the streets until they get justice .  freddie gray died from a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody .
betty whitehead willis played a major role in creating some of the most - famous neon work in the city .  willis visited the neon museum in 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday .
unicef : 16 tons of medical supplies meant to help 80 , 000 innocents caught up in yemen .  the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef says .  u . n . : about 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in the horn of africa .
italian physician dr . sergio canavero says he has part of the funding secured .  he has identified valery spiridonov as the first patient .  the 30 - year - old suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig - hoffman disease .
diana ' s name is as divisive as the very institution of monarchy itself , author says .  she says there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess .
tanka maya sitoula , 40 , was trapped in a room on the ground floor .  she escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam .  " i was totally confident that my wife was safe and sound , " she says .
" roots " is about an african - american slave and his descendants .  the saga will air in 2016 .
anthony ray hinton spent 30 years on alabama ' s death row .  he was convicted of killing two men but always said he was innocent .  hinton says his hardest day came in 2002 , when he learned his mother had died .  " it ' s going to take a little time , but i ' ll get used to it , " he tells cnn ' s brooke baldwin .
" star wars : the force awakens " is a new book by jon ronson .  ronson : social media may go too far in encouraging haters to shame people who make public missteps .
a surge of refugees this year has sought to reach europe via the libyan coast . italy is an example of the long reach of italian imperialism .  many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of italy ' s former colonies in north and east africa .
denver teacher kyle schwartz passes out post - it notes to her third grade students .  schwartz : " i wish my teacher knew i ' m nervous all the time " .
deputy robert bates is charged with second - degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence .  harris ' family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality .  " it ' s absolutely mind boggling that you have a wealthy businessman who ' s essentially deputized to go play like he ' s just cleaning up the streets , " attorney says .
google maps has been at the center of a few , including a pokemon challenge and a treasure map .  twitterers have been tickled by the possibilities , playing pac - man in manhattan .
volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest china to the united states next month .  china surpassed the u . s . as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009 .
south korean investigators say they have proof - - the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  " dark seoul " paralyzed an estimated 48 , 000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters .
libyan army head gen .  khalifa haftar says libyan authorities have not been consulted .  he says the decision was taken without consulting the legitimate libyan side .  libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration .
michael brown ' s death in north charleston , missouri , was a breeding ground for speculation .  it ' s unclear what happened in the moments before a bystander began recording the incident .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombings .  the only issue to be decided is whether he should be executed .  the 2015 boston marathon will take place in less than two weeks .
hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital .  if efforts by some health systems are an indicator , the design may be on its way out of style .  the cleveland clinic was an early trendsetter .
muhanad mahmoud al farekh , 29 , was deported from pakistan to the united states .  he ' s accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad .
the u . n . security council votes in favor of an arms embargo on houthis .  it also demands that the shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence .  russia abstained from tuesday ' s vote , saying it didn ' t like the inclusion of sanctions .
a new way to talk about climate change is part of a roundtable discussion at howard university ' s college of medicine .  president obama : " there are a host of public health impacts that are going to hit home , so we ' ve got to do better in protecting vulnerable americans " .
corinthian is one of the worst of the " predator colleges " that offer dubious degrees , saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up tens of billions in federal money every year .  the default rate of for - profit college students is worse than the worst subprime borrowers during the financial crisis .
yarmouk , the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria , was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the arab - israeli conflict .  an estimated 18 , 000 people have tried to flee their homes since december 2012 .
one of the five had a heart - related issue on saturday and has been discharged .  they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march , but none developed the virus .
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first - degree murder for his role in the shooting of a college baseball player .  luna was 16 at the time of the shooting .  he was not eligible for the death penalty because he was under 18 when the crime was committed .
cynthia cheroitich ' s survival story is a rare bright spot in what has been a horrific week in garissa , kenya .  " they were shooting everywhere , " she says .
jacob lawrence ' s work , " the migration of the negro , " is a series of 60 small paintings depicting the lives of pre - world war ii blacks .  some blame president obama for racial tension in america as if the march on washington painted away the effects of 300 years of inequality .
south african troops arrive in jeppestown , where xenophobic violence broke out .  defense minister : " this intervention is not an indictment on the police .  .  .  we are coming in because they need that support " .  seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa ' s neighbors .
hillary clinton ' s election will center on the democratic women ' s agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace .  donna brazile : equal pay day ought to be a reminder that democrats aren ' t ready to surrender .
korea ' s buddae - jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the korean war .  budda - jiigae is also a storied hangover cure .
nepal ' s people are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide .  a list of organizations working in nepal has created specific funds for relief efforts .
officer michael slager is charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back .  the fbi is investigating possible civil rights violations .
james holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd in june 2012 .  he says he was insane at the time of the shootings .
the united nations is appealing for $ 174 million to help nigerian refugees .  boko haram has killed thousands by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques .
the shootings began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident , police chief says .  the suspect ' s car was spotted outside the census bureau ' s headquarters in suitland , maryland .
saudi arabia ' s navy controls all yemeni ports , allowing only closely watched non - military medical goods to pass its blockade , source says .  " if war ' s drums are beaten , we are ready for them , " saudi foreign minister says .
yahya rashid , a uk national , was arrested at luton airport on tuesday .  he ' s charged with terror offenses .
adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u . s . counterterrorism operation .  neither he nor ahmed farouq was specifically targeted , the white house says .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe will issue an unequivocal and irrefutable apology for " comfort women " .  the house of representatives sent a profound message to the japanese government by unanimously passing house resolution 121 .
the flight data recorder , or " black box , " was found by recovery teams that have spent days scouring the mountainside where the plane went down .  investigators believe lubitz acted deliberately to bring down the plane , killing all 150 people on board .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
mayfair , kensington and chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite .  they come from just six countries : nigeria , ghana , congo , gabon , cameroon and senegal .  sotheby ' s says foreign investors see london as a " safe haven " for prime property investments .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , was nigeria ' s harsh military leader some 30 years ago .  he was elected to president buhari ' s anti - corruption platform .  buhari : " ordinary nigerians have had enough of the venality of their elites " .  the problem of corruption went hand - in - glove with the rise of terrorism , he says .
al - shabaab is a somali group that has been behind numerous attacks in the region .  the group has been blamed for attacks in somalia that killed aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and african union peacekeepers .
yellowstone ' s magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought .  it may help scientists better understand why previous eruptions were some of earth ' s largest explosions .  an eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely , the usgs says .
adrian peterson will be reinstated as an active player friday , the league says .  the 30 - year - old was suspended in november over allegations he disciplined his son , who was 4 at the time .  he received probation , community service and a $ 4 , 000 fine .
australian prime minister tony abbott announces new " no jab , no pay " policy .  currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons .  thousands of families could lose out on welfare payments a year .
saudi arabia had launched airstrikes on houthi positions across yemen .  saudis want to restore the yemeni government , a key u . s . ally in the fight against al qaeda .
photographer timothy bouldry captures what it ' s like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india .  the boragaon landfill is about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border .
david frum : hillary clinton declared her candidacy for president last weekend .  he says she ' s a former u . s . senator and secretary of state .
indiana gov .  mike pence says the state will " fix " the religious freedom restoration act , so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians .  pence : it is a good thing for society to shape its laws in ways that allow people to live their lives consistent with their religious obligations .
kenya launches airstrikes targeting al - shabaab stronghold of godon dhawe .  military source says strikes are not revenge for last week ' s massacre at garissa university college .  police source : somali authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in garissa could be attacked .
the dalniy vostok freezer trawler - - a commercial fishing vessel - - sank off the kamchatka peninsula .  of the people on board , 78 were foreign nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu .  the most likely cause of the shipwreck was collision with an obstacle which damaged the hull .
japan ' s air self defense force has never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object .  former wrestler - turned - lawmaker antonio inoki said his jets had never come across any ufos from outer space .  inoki has appeared in the u . s . - based wwe , which describes him as " among the most respected men in sports - entertainment " .
the maximum penalty for several of the charges is death .  judge george a . o ' toole : " do not attend the boston marathon or any events related to the anniversary or the current running of the marathon " .
a grand jury has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison .  the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from harrison ' s family .
a door bearing a graffiti drawing by british artist banksy was seized in gaza on thursday .  the door was likely worth a small fortune - - a fortune darduna gave away for a fraction of its value .  banksy ' s graffiti in gaza has become an attraction after he visited in february .
irish betting company paddy power apologizes for tweeting that newcastle have suffered more kop beatings than an unarmed african - american male .  the tweet was a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool .  in january , power attracted headlines after backing david ginola ' s failed candidacy for world football ' s governing body .
french prosecutor brice robin says " no videos were used in the crash " .  two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match claims of cell phone video .  editor - in - chief of bild says reports are " completely wrong " and " unwarranted " .
the u . s . is failing its partners to respond to and defeat the current threat , says andrew hammond .  he says the majority of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces to respond .
mike pence is a koch favorite , mulls 2016 run for president .  ruben navarrette : pence ' s party wants a conservative as its 2016 candidate .
china launches a smartphone app starring president xi jinping .  the app aims to " arouse enthusiasm " for socialist ideologies .  it ' s unclear how many people have downloaded the app .
conor mcdonnell is the self - taught photography star behind instagram ' s most liked photo .  the 23 - year - old has had a breakneck rise to success since his first instagram post in november 2011 .  mcdonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their fan base and take great photos on the go .
an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women ' s rights activists .  the report , entitled " their lives on the line , " examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women .  the brutal murder of farkhunda , a young woman in afghanistan , shocked the world .
president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war .  confederate gen .  robert e . lee surrendered his approximately 28 , 000 troops to union general ulysses s . grant .
two high - profile shooting deaths in the ukrainian capital .  one of a former member of parliament , a journalist known for his pro - russian views .  at least three former members of parliament with the party of regions have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks .
officer michael rapiejko was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged he threatened to shoot him .  the nypd settled the suit for $ 20 , 000 .
nyia parler cannot be extradited to face charges in philadelphia , police say .  she will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person .
the fourth season of " game of thrones " is airing simultaneously in 170 countries .  it ' s the most high - profile premiere yet , with the show currently set to end after seven years .  executive producer : " we are starting to build to a crescendo , which means the battles have to get bigger " .
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds .  " the risk to humans is low , our food supply is safe , " cdca official says .
indonesia marks a decade on death row for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot .  an indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from widodo on monday .
photographer jeff gusky has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls " the hidden world of wwi " .  the underground city dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century .  the land was privately owned for many years and generally off - limits to outsiders .
ultrahaptics is a young company with a big dream : changing the way we interact with electronic devices .  their technology creates tactile shapes literally out of thin air , using ultrasound .  through an emission of sound waves , sensations are projected through the air and to the user .
a video shows officer michael slager firing eight shots at 50 - year - old walter scott .  " i have watched the video , and i was sickened by what i saw , " police chief says .  " we can ' t get into the brain of another individual , " scott ' s attorney says .
andrew getty ' s death " appears to be natural ( causes ) or an accident , " his mother and father says .  gordon getty , 81 , has a net worth of $ 2 . 1 billion , according to forbes .
a 14 - year - old girl is returned to mexico after dna tests show she ' s not related to a woman in houston .  the teenager was seized in the colonial city of guanajuato , in central mexico .
five people were initially reported missing , but one of them has been rescued , the coast guard says .  more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race .
new training materials were submitted to manhattan federal court judge analisa torres .  they include directives to " not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes " .  " do not engage in racial profiling , " the training materials read .
the white house correspondents ' association dinner was hosted by cecily strong of " saturday night live " .  more than 2 , 000 credentialed white house journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened for the occasion .  president obama , as in past years , came out strong - - a tough act to follow for any comedian .
bobbi kristina brown has " global and irreversible brain damage , " her grandmother says .  the 22 - year - old is in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .  she also has a tracheostomy in her throat , the source says .
the global slavery index says nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub - saharan country .  the group also rates nigeria ' s anti - trafficking agency as one of the strongest government responses on the continent .
taylor swift says her mother has been diagnosed with cancer .  she asked her mom to get screened for potential health issues .  swift ' s tweet about her mom has been retweeted more than 21 , 000 times .
amina ali qassim and her family fled birim at first light , piling in with three other families .  she says the first missile fell right by it and then a second on it .  the u . n . says thousands more refugees are expected .
" mad men , " the " end of an era , " begins sunday .  the show has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit .
more than 44 million americans are taking part in a physical exam .  there ' s little evidence that those visits do any good for healthy adults . 92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head - to - toe exam .
jean nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight - loss industry .  she inspired millions of people to shed pounds too .  her guiding philosophy : " it ' s choice - - not chance - - that determines your destiny " .
hillary clinton has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century .  julian zelizer : the never ending clinton story rumbles on .
netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days , israel ' s president says .  " we have made progress and are on the way to forming a government , " he says .
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system on thursday .  the new version includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis .
" i was a human , a vampire , a doppelganger , a crazy immortal , " she posted on social media .  fans were upset that dobrev ' s departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement .
assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling christian population of iraq .  many see the fight with isis as a final battle for survival against the islamists .  the kurds have been taking heavy losses to defend christian and yezidi minorities against isis .
freddie gray ' s family alleges that police are involved in a cover - up .  " what are the next steps to take from here ? " baltimore ' s mayor says .
a minor traffic stop can be the springboard to a check for outstanding warrants .  lz granderson : failure to pay child support is not a crime either .  deadbeat and absent dads are one of the most serious and often overlooked threats to our collective well - being .
congolese immigrant tarsis mboma thale has a small business selling t - shirts in johannesburg .  the reason of this surge in violence is murky , with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the zulu king .  " i ' m scared to go to town because i do not know when these people can attack and it ' s stressful for me , " he says .
the red cross calls for an immediate 24 - hour ceasefire in battle - torn yemen .  the call comes just before the u . n . security council meets to discuss the situation .  residents of sanaa witnessed the fiercest saudi strikes since the air assault started last week .
michelle maclaren is leaving the upcoming " wonder woman " movie .  the movie is still set for release on june 23 , 2017 .
vladimir putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live tv . organizers say they will have to sift through 1 . 7 million emails , video messages and texts to decide who gets to ask what on the big day .  some of the questions show how ordinary russians are about their country ' s place in the world .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges last week .  he was convicted in the 2013 bombings at the 2013 race .  his parents are urging the justice department to bring the case to a close .
dean obeidallah says he didn ' t want any tv show about your family to include a slave - owning relative .  pbs has launched an internal review to determine if the show violated its own editorial standards .
cyark , a non - profit company , is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure accurate digital versions of the world ' s treasures will stay with us forever .  the idea is to scan 500 world heritage sites in five years .
sen .  bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days , cnn ' s nia - malika henderson says .  ohio gov .  john kasich is more visible of late , but he isn ' t in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy .
dzhokhar tsarnaev " chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on boston , " attorney says .  " he wanted to punish america for what it was doing to his people , " prosecutor says .
south africa marks the anniversary of the first post - apartheid elections in 1994 .  attacks against newcomers in south africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black africans .
dr . anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , .  two other men - - identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 - - were named as accomplices .
a catholic reads the bible this week , chapters 1 - 11 .  " the deluxe catholic bible " is published in 1986 by world bible publishing .
kenneth morgan stancil iii is accused of killing an employee at wayne community college .  relatives have said victim ron lane was gay , cnn affiliate wncn reports .  " i would have killed you , you know what i ' m saying , if you ' re a f - - ing child molester , " he says .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
rick santorum says he ' s hoped indiana gov .  mike pence would veto the " fix " to his state ' s religious freedom law .  the law unleashed an intense backlash against indiana amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers .
rishi khanal , 27 , was found under the rubble of a building in kathmandu , nepal .  a french search and rescue team used specialized gear that detects signs of life .  a 4 - month - old baby was rescued from a destroyed building 22 hours after the quake .
new study seems to support the theory of widespread brines on mars .  researchers say temperatures are too low and water too scarce to support terrestrial organisms . curiosity has found evidence of ancient streambeds and a lake on the planet .
thai airways unveils new livery featuring jake , finn and princess bubblegum .  the new livery is the result of a partnership between thai smile and amazone .  the inaugural thai smile adventure time flight takes place on april 4 .
cnn ' s richard quest traveled to aden , yemen , for a trip to the gulf of aden .  he was told by the djiboutian coast guard that he ' d be at the port by the next morning .  he says he ' ll pay , " are you here to take the americans ? " .
the skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by ottoman troops in the 17th century was found beneath a cellar in tulln , austria .  the ottoman army had a " camelry , " using camels for transportation and to ride , researchers say .
a prosecutor has dismissed allegations that argentine president tried to cover up iran ' s involvement in a 1994 bombing .  the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in january .  the 1994 bombing of a jewish community center is the deadliest terror attack in the country ' s history .
a watershed built for 2 million people now supports nearly 8 million , and another 50 million tourists each year .  after a century of development , half the everglades is dead and the other half is on life support .
the reddish - colored sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia .  the fires were started by farmers burning grass in their fields .
jury must decide whether dzhokhar tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done .  " nobody fills that boot now , " prosecutor says .
video of britt mchenry insulting a tow company clerk goes viral .
auctions take place once a month on a saturday morning .  chinese drivers haven ' t wholeheartedly embraced the concept .  toyota , volkswagen and volvo all launched gasoline - electric hybrids for the chinese market this week .
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun .  astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion earth - like , habitable - zone planets in our milky way galaxy alone .
isis and the al qaeda - affiliated al - nusra front took control of 90 % of yarmouk refugee camp .  " all people are trying to leave the camp , " a syrian activist says .
the petition was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in izmir .  " there are less and less jedi left on the earth , " the petition says .
channing tatum twerking for jennifer lopez to host amy schumer ' s archery fail .  " magic mike xxl " was reliably hilarious and inventive as her comedy central show .  " drop that kitty " was tinashe ' s time to shine , though she got about 30 seconds to command the stage .
the fbi ' s goal is to prevent " homegrown attacks " before they happen .  the fbi is often successful , but every once in a while , the suspects get away .
ruben navarrette : politicians underestimated pushback organized by local and national businesses .  he says other , equally devout christians who place more emphasis on jesus christ ' s message of unconditional love .
police - involved killings and assaults on unarmed african - americans are unlikely to end soon , authors say .  they say the culture of policing in cities such as new york and baltimore has developed over decades .
friday is the 100th anniversary of the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire .  some turks still view the armenians as having been a threat to the empire in a time of war .  some turkish leaders fear that acknowledgment of a genocide could lead to demands for huge reparations .
enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight in cottonwood , arizona , on march 21 .  police sergeant jeremy daniels , 28 , was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee .  four members of the family are reportedly in a christian band named " matthew 24 now " .
it ' s hard to soft - launch a campaign with a superstar politician .  hillary clinton and her experienced campaign team are disciplined and relentlessly on message .
walter scott was shot in the back by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina .  his daughter samantha read a poem of love dedicated to her father .  " walter ' s death will not be in vain , " scott ' s daughter says .
pope francis may add another leg to his trip to the united states this september .  he is the first pontiff to hail from latin america .
clinton ' s soon - to - be campaign manager distributed a " values statement " at the meeting .  " this campaign is not about hillary clinton and not about us , " the document says .
paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard are sentenced to 30 year each .  the four were among seven blackwater employees who opened fire in baghdad , killing 17 people .  an fbi investigation found 14 of the deaths unjustified , according to rules of engagement .
savage beheadings may be encouraging copy - cat acts or threats of decapitation , experts say .  professor arie w . kruglanski says beheading may be psychologically " priming " people to be more inclined to emulate them .
president obama has argued with elizabeth warren , calling her " wrong " on trade policy .  julian zelizer : warren ' s staff is at pains to suggest that clinton has always been a populism .
officer michael slager , 33 , has been fired , his wife is eight months ' pregnant .  slager initially told investigators he used a taser in a confrontation with walter scott .
author of " redefining girly " says she wanted to buy " big hero 6 " fabric to make pillows for her two children .  a licensing manager for springs creative responded that the company has found that boys don ' t want girl characters on their things .
negotiators say they ' d come up with the framework for an agreement that ' s been announced .  iran would reduce its stockpile of low - enriched uranium by 98 % and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges .  in exchange , the u . s . and the european union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country ' s economy .
mary doyle keefe was the model for norman rockwell ' s " rosie the riveter " .  she died this week at her home in connecticut .
kamron taylor , 23 , was found guilty of murder in a kankakee county , illinois , jail .  he was set to be sentenced in may .
isis has moved into towns just to the north of ramadi , which lies 68 miles ( 110km ) west of baghdad .  the east was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit .
sarah brady was the chairwoman of the brady campaign to prevent gun violence from 2000 .  she pushed for stricter gun control laws , including the brady handgun violence prevention act .  the national rifle association said its thoughts and prayers were with the brady family .
the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino . approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived .
norway is set to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely .  many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move .
obama nominated loretta lynch to replace attorney general eric holder on november 8 .  lynch ' s family moved to north when she was a child .
suzanne crough passed away monday at home in laughlin , nevada .  she played tambourine and percussion in the " partridge family " band .  crough also starred in the tv series " mulligan ' s stew " .
" grace of monaco " will premiere on memorial day , may 25 .  it was originally scheduled for release in late 2013 .  but the weinstein co . decided to sell it into u . s . theaters .
liana barrientos has been married 10 times , with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002 .  prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam .
the number of people confirmed dead in nepal stands at 3 , 218 .  nepal has reported 56 deaths , and china another 20 .
in the centenary year of the gallipoli campaign , our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance .  the fact that war remembrance is played like it is a zero sum game .
" the dark knight returns " is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture .  frank miller will be joined by acclaimed artist brian azzarello .
china ' s cybercensors have developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders , including in the u . s . the study ' s authors have named it the " great cannon , " and it operates in plain sight .
" there is still smoke on and off , but nothing so dramatic ( as before ) , " says calbuco adviser .  about 1 , 500 people evacuated , and security measures will continue , cnn chile says .  last week , military and police forces helped evacuate more than 4 , 400 residents .
loretta lynch is the newly appointed attorney general .  she will take the reins of the nation ' s top law enforcement officer .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao meet in las vegas on saturday .  a ticket at ticketside will cost you $ 180 , 000 - - a knockout price .  tickets were released last thursday , just eight days before one of the biggest fights in history .  promoter : " we ' ve never seen anything like this in boxing , and i don ' t think in any sporting event " .
al - shabaab gunmen killed 147 people at a college campus in garissa , kenya .  al qaeda was behind the 1998 attack that killed more than 200 people , according to a university of maryland study .  kenya has killed many more kenyans and is by far the country ' s most persistent tormenter .
stan freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital .  he was the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials .  " he was and will always be my hero , " his son wrote on facebook .
sen .  chuck schumer is the author of the federal religious freedom restoration act .  he says the law justifies discrimination in the name of religious freedom .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya .  at least 480 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year .
" i don ' t believe that there will ever be justice brought to this , no mater , " rebekah gregory says .  " i may be standing on one fake leg , but i ' m standing here , stronger than ever , " she says .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing .  lz granderson : islam is about what you believe , but it ' s also about being part of a community .
65 cases of pappy van winkle were reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013 .  a grand jury indicted " nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in organized crime " .
saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago .  aden remains a city gripped by fear , desperation and want .
most of those released were women and children , a peshmerga commander says .  the yazidis are of kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre - islamic sect .
david frum : baltimore unrest shows tensions between african - americans and asians .  he says there ' s little evidence that asian - americans have been targeted out of racial animus .
the university of florida and emory university are investigating allegations of disrespectful acts .  wounded veteran : " they actually spit on me and my service dog as well " .
jill ( duggar ) dillard gave birth monday to a 9 - pound , 10 - ounce son .  the baby was a bit tardy , going past his due date by more than a week .
one hundred years ago , more than 1 million armenians died at the hand of the turks .  pope emeritus benedict xvi called the killings " a great evil " and " terrible persecution " .
the world happiness report is released by the sustainable development solutions network .  people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support .  switzerland took the top spot from denmark in 2015 .
new orleans went smoke - free wednesday at midnight .  the city is known for its over - the - top mardi gras celebrations .
bob barker hosted the tv game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 .  despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years , barker didn ' t seem to miss a beat .
the u . s . department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs .  a 15 - count indictment bristles with accusations of conspiracies , violations of the controlled substances act and money laundering .
the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series .  they kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they moved through the crowded streets .
sen .  rand paul has declared he ' s running for president of the united states .  ruben navarrette : paul ' s campaign announcement message is about " expanding the republican party " .
espn reporter britt mchenry spoke to that towing company employee .  dean obeidallah says she ' s lost her cool from time to time .
two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest eric harris have been reassigned .  sheriff stanley glanz says he is " very concerned " for their safety and that of their families .
saudi arabia has launched more than 1 , 200 airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen .  the number of dead continues to mount .
" we ' re going to have strong indications of life beyond earth , " nasa scientist says .  " we know where to look .  we know how to look , " she says .
iraqi forces took control of the northern city of tikrit on wednesday .  cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives .  iraqi forces said they had fired an rpg at the truck , killing three isis fighters .
josh and vanessa ellis were youth pastors at the eastpointe foursquare church in puyallup , seattle .  it took nine hours to remove enough debris to discover the death toll on angeline road .  " the damage was so severe it was impossible to tell how many victims were in the vehicle , " police say .
paramedics were called to a rented villa at the sirenusa resort in st . john .  the family of four fell ill .  exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , the epa says .  the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity .
noelle velentzas , 28 , and asia siddiqui , 31 , are accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the u . s . a federal criminal complaint unsealed thursday paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism .
gov .  jerry brown orders statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state ' s history .  california is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet earth .
sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world .  experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct .  rhinos are targeted by poachers , fueled by the belief in asia that their horns cure various ailments .
bi fujian was filmed singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party ' s early years .  making disrespectful references to china ' s leaders in public is considered a taboo in china .
dean obeidallah : easter is genuinely about how religious impulses , and can operate in ways that affect our lives ?
hundreds of people have been confirmed dead in nepal after a massive quake .  many people are too scared to go back inside any buildings , witnesses say .  " strong aftershocks are keeping most of us up ! " one survivor says .  " the shake was like nothing i have experienced in my 57 years " .
the yarmouk camp was set up as a refugee camp for palestinians in the 1950s .  since 2012 it has been engulfed in the syrian conflict .  of the more than 100 , 000 that used to live there , only 18 , 000 remain , according to unrwa .
a longtime friend of joni mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer - songwriter ' s conservator .  leslie morris is described as mitchell ' s friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents .  morris was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 .
percy sledge , the r & b belter whose biggest hit , " when a man loves a woman , " dies of natural causes .  sledge had a number of hits , including " take time to know her , " " warm and tender love " and " it tears me up " .
methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the u . s . virgin islands .  local officials say there is evidence it was used at least twice at the gated sirenusa resort on st . john .
the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 56 miles from the libyan port of misrata .  the boat had embarked from mazara del vallo in sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp .  italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa to flee war and poverty .
nepal has issued 347 permits this year to climb mount everest , with 125 of them from previously shortened season .  the route through khumbu icefall has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer .
the walkout occurred on the set of " the ridiculous six " near las vegas , new mexico . the script called for native women ' s names such as " beaver ' s breath " and " no bra " .
charlotte dujardin and valegro win their second consecutive reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas .  their score of 94 . 196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport .  switzerland ' s steve guerdat may be the london olympic champion .
karni tarsim , 37 , was sentenced to death in march 2013 for killing her employer ' s wife ' s four - year - old child .  the indonesian government summoned the saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry after learning that she had been beheaded .  rights groups say they suspect siti was mentally ill and cast aspersions on claims she had confessed .
" our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , " the pope says .  turkey ' s foreign minister calls the pope ' s use of the word " unacceptable " .
a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape .  a woman told police she may have been drugged and gang - raped .
twisted sister ' s 2016 tour will be titled " forty and f * ck it " .  the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy .
airstrikes target a group of militants trying to plant a bomb on the israeli border .  three of the alleged attackers were killed , israeli media reports .  the golan is home to 41 , 000 residents , including jews , druze and alawites .
isis , the self - anointed islamic state , or boko haram , has a very specific approach to women .  it ' s part of the larger plan of building a " caliphate , " a sharia - ruled state complete with controls .  women were not a big part of al qaeda ' s immediate plans because al qaeda viewed it as a distant goal .
lauren hill , 19 , died early friday at mount st . joseph university in cincinnati .  she was able to realize her dream of playing basketball with her nonprofit group the cure .  hill would go on to help raise $ 1 . 4 million for pediatric cancer research .
police say there was no sign of forced entry to hatton garden safe deposit ltd . they used a drill to bore through a 6 - foot - thick wall and gain access to the vault .  a former police official has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds .
phil rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs .  the 60 - year - old was arrested in november last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis .
odin lloyd was her first born , her only son .  aaron hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison .
airstrikes target rebel houthi militant positions in three parts of sanaa , officials say .  saudis say they want to restore the yemeni government .  houthis agreed to " nearly all demands " of the u . n . security council , source says .
roseanne barr says she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma .  the comedic actress said smoking marijuana is " good medicine " for relieving the pressure in her eyes .
mlb postponed opening day games out of fear of mob violence .  mike downey : sports knows well that baseball sits within the larger context of the world .
the ncaa says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student - athletes .  the lawsuit says the students didn ' t get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in ncaa history .
aaron hernandez and dzhokhar tsarnaev ' s lengthy trials are coming to a close .  in chicago , voters will be asked to decide if hernandez is culpable in the shooting death of odin lloyd .
a 21 - year - old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods for more than four days .  the man ' s mother is charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment of another person .  " this kid ' s obviously a fighter , " police say .
a duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree .  the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review .  the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .
kinnelon police officers cut off the seat belt of a 2006 toyota solara convertible .  the car was already a smoking wreck .
brett mcgurk : " this is a problem that is off the charts off " .  the u . s . now lists 62 countries in the coalition .  last week , canada became the latest nation to conduct airstrikes against isis .
greenpeace is furious over a decision to lift the suspensions on leases to drill in the alaskan arctic .  the rig , the polar pioneer , is on its way to the arctic via seattle .  " everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! " a protester says .  shell ' s work in the arctic has suffered some setbacks in the past , including a drilling barge that ran aground off southern alaska on december 31 , 2012 .
frances bean cobain is the daughter of nirvana singer - guitarist kurt cobain .  she speaks publicly for the first time about her father ' s life .  " in reality , if he had lived , i would have had a dad .  and that would have been an incredible experience , " she says .
the search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in may .  the size of the 60 , 000 - square - kilometer priority zone would be bigger than the u . s . state of pennsylvania .
" my flight is not a secret , " doug hughes wrote in an online post titled " your pilot " .  hughes had letters for every member of congress urging campaign finance reform .  " there ' s no need to worry - - i ' m just delivering the mail , " hughes wrote .
john moynihan is a former u . s . army ranger who was honored at the white house .  he was shot to death by officers last month .
the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday .  they plotted to join isis " by any means possible , " u . s . attorney says .
peter bergen : twenty years ago , timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck in oklahoma city .  he says the public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right - wing extremists .
eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants , state media reports .  a militant group called jaish al adal claims responsibility for the attack .  the pakistani government condemns the attack , calling it an " act of terrorism " .
luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors , benefiting from local knowledge of their partners .  nigeria is now one of the fastest growing markets for french champagne and digital televisions .  if the growth continues , these cities could join an existing club of african wealth hubs .
two people were shot in the neck and another was shot , a city spokesman says .  there is a suspect in custody in the latter case : a 20 - year - old male from st . louis county .
australian foreign minister julie bishop has agreed to share some of its intelligence with iran .  the deal is " an informal arrangement " with an emphasis on tracking australians who go to iraq to fight for isis .  australia is part of the u . s . - led coalition that ' s carrying out airstrikes against isis .
tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .  the cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $ 1 , 500 .  kenny bayless has been named as the referee of next month ' s fight .
" monty python and the holy grail " premiered 40 years ago .  the movie was a box - office hit , making $ 5 million - - more than 10 times its budget .
zhou yongkang , 72 , is the highest - ranking chinese communist party official ever to face corruption charges .  he was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1 . 3 billion people .  his alleged actions have caused heavy losses to public assets and greatly harmed national interests .
north korean leader kim jong un has backed out of next month ' s visit , kremlin says .  the visit would have marked kim ' s first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea .
the university of nebraska is getting a new $ 81 . 6 million stadium .  voodoo tacos owner eric newton showed the power of the cannon .  the taco will join t - shirts , stuffed toys and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands .
the u . s . and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne , switzerland , on thursday .  david frum : if the recent past is any harbinger , the negotiations will likely result in more heat than light than light .  he says the talks ' objective at the outset was the total elimination of any nuclear program in iran .
charmington ' s is a cafe in the intersection of three major baltimore neighborhoods .  some local businesses are banding together to show their support for the city .  " there was some fear , but it was really mixed in with an overwhelming sense that everyone here needs help , " co - owner says .
" no amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks , " the government says .  " we once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters from other parts of the continent , " it says .  the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14 - year - old boy .
co - pilot andreas lubitz was killed on march 24 , killing everyone on board .  lz granderson : some people feel a need to keep their mental illness a secret while others decline to seek help .  he says we need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing .
mike premeau and kathy danke started memories gourmet pizza co . two years ago , they launched a small business in their wisconsin town .  a national debate over indiana ' s religious freedom began on april fool ' s day .  " i don ' t have much of a message , except that i hope your bigotry puts you out of business " .
do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .  maggie doyne lived in a buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in nepal .  doyne lives in nepal year - round , traveling to the u . s . a few times a year .
the solar impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in china .  it was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in the southwestern city of chongqing .  the pilots say it is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy .
pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september .  the exact timing of the trip wasn ' t immediately released .
photographer andres figueroa captures the atacama desert , one of the driest places on earth .  he chronicles the uniqueness of andean culture , which draws influences from europe , the inca and more recently , chinese traditions .  " i am not very religious , i ' ve always been curious about their traditions , " he says .
the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students .  families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking are far from resolved .
70 % of people think the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess .  prince charles has made no secret of his desire to slim down the monarchy .
mui thomas was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky .  mui ' s struggle to come to terms with her condition has left her on the brink of suicide .  long - time expats tina and rog thomas began fostering mui when she was just one and a half years old .
the fbi is investigating a possible isis - inspired terrorist threat in the u . s . no arrests have been made .  it ' s not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational .
officer michael slager fired eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with police .  lz granderson says the video defies any reasonable explanation .  he says it ' s worth the price of some mass data storage .
the james webb space telescope ( jwst ) is scheduled to launch in october 2018 on an ariane 5 rocket from french guiana .  the telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters and a golf ball of gold to optimize it for infra - red light .  nasa says that to see these objects the telescope will have to detect objects which are 10 to 100 times fainter than hubble .
japan ' s space agency announces plans to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 .  if approved , the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid - fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe .  the mission is expected to be used to perfect soft - landing technologies , which could be utilized in future .
" you ' re going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded , " larry johnson says .  " when i was blinking , it was really bright .  i could barely see , " he says .
kim bok - dong was a sex slave of the japanese army for five years .  she says she was forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do .  kim says she ended up in japanese military brothels in half a dozen countries .  " my only wish is to set the record straight about the past . before i die , " she says .
daniel boykin , 33 , sentenced to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co - worker .  police found more than 90 videos and 1 , 500 photos of the victim on boykin ' s phone and computer .  boykin plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act .
sonit awal ' s tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him .  his father had lost all hope of finding his son alive until he heard faint cries from below .
a hooded angel with black wings appeared near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer on saturday .  creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where the figure has been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement .  " it ' s a statement of where we are in america today , " says hyman .
more than 500 houthi rebels have been killed since the start of saudi - led airstrikes , a saudi official says .  clashes took place friday near the saudi - yemeni border , in the najran region .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates is charged with second - degree manslaughter .  he is accused of shooting eric courtney harris in the back with a handgun .
xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse " rainbow " nation .  the united nations said the attacks started in march after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers .  president jacob zuma has said his government is addressing the social and economic concerns .
actress alyssa milano had some angry tweets for heathrow airport authorities .  the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight .
michele bachmann is comparing president obama to the co - pilot of the doomed germanwings flight .  bachmann : " the shocked survivors will ask , why did he do it ? " .  the motive of the crash is under investigation , though investigators are looking in to whether lubitz feared a medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot ' s license .
isis is clearly about religion - - its version of radical islam - - but it is also about power .  the united states has been successful in its tactical battles against isis .
johnny kemp was best known for the 1988 party anthem " just got paid " .  he was scheduled to perform on the tom joyner foundation fantastic voyage cruise .
two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam .  the ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14 - day southern caribbean cruise .
two tsa screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at denver airport .  the male tsa officer noticed a man he found attractive , police say .
kenyans tweet pictures of the victims in happier times .  the hashtag # 147notjustanumber was the nation ' s deadliest terrorist attack since the bombing of the u . s . embassy in 1998 .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates , 73 , is on administrative leave .  police say he thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest , but instead shot the suspect .  harris died at a local hospital and his cause of death is under investigation .
kevone charleston , 36 , is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to november 2013 .  fbi agents and task force officers were following him as he pulled into a cvs pharmacy .  charleston was shot and wounded by fbi agents , but his injuries are not life threatening .
aaron hernandez will be shipped to massachusetts ' flagship maximum - security prison .  the prison is one of the most high - tech jails in the u . s . with no history of breakouts .
" we have the power and , of course , the numbers , " one man tells cnn ' s " anderson cooper 360 " .  freddie gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody .
surveillance video shows det .  ian cyrus stashing cash in a bag .  the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes .
photographer simon brann thorpe uses the area ' s harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers .  the soldiers are with the polisario front , an independence movement that has been clashing with morocco since the mid - 1970s .
houthi rebels say they detained the defense minister at an air base on march 26 .  houthis release yemeni defense minister mahmoud al - subaihi in sanaa .
the # foodbanknycchallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week .  gwyneth paltrow is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses .
attorney general eric holder : " the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department " .  the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties .
adrianne haslet - davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line .  " i saw all five of my toes , but i saw a lot of blood , " she says .  the jury must decide whether dzhokhar tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done .
a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour ( 374 miles ) on an experimental track .  the train broke its own record from last thursday , when it ran at 366 miles per hour .  china operates the world ' s fastest commercial maglev on a route through tokyo .
pedro hernandez is charged with two counts of second - degree murder .  etan patz ' s parents have waited more than 35 years for justice .
lewis hamilton takes pole position for sunday ' s chinese grand prix .  mercedes teammate nico rosberg finishes second with a slim four hundredths of a second margin .  fellow german driver sebastian vettel will start in third after kimi raikkonen won the malaysian gp two weeks ago .
common has closed a deal to join the cast of " suicide squad " .  he will smith as deadshot and margot robbie as harley quinn .  also in the lineup are joel kinnaman , cara delevingne , viola david , adam beach , ike barinholtz , adewale akinnuoye - agbaje and scott eastwood .
police chief : " i was sickened by what i saw and i have not watched it since " .  michael slager is charged with first - degree murder in the shooting death of walter scott .  slager , 33 , is now " terminated " from the force , mayor says .
chad bernstein , a professional musician , is trying to help through his nonprofit , guitars over guns .  do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroes .  bernstein : " i just didn ' t feel like i fit in with the other kids " .
more than 200 , 000 children have fled their homes due to the violence , unicef says .  the number of children running for their lives has more than doubled in less than a year .  the campaign has " leading snapchat artists " sharing images based on children in nigeria , chad and cameroon .
brynn duncan ' s food allergies change so often , keeping track is almost pointless .  brynn ' s blood pressure hits 150 / 102 .  " i just get this overwhelming sense of - - they call it impending doom , " she says .
the women were detained in beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou .  the women will be under police surveillance for a year .
photographer carolina sandretto captures images of " solares , " the crumbling buildings many cubans divide and cohabitate .  her subjects include a 30 - year - old hasselblad 500cm camera , which was a good way to strike up a conversation with her subjects .  " i talk a lot .  i am italian , which helps but not a lot because you have to speak ' cuban , " she says .
marion " suge " knight faces up to life in prison if convicted .  knight is accused of running over two men during a hit - and - run confrontation on the set of " straight outta compton " .
abraham lincoln ' s two greatest legacies grew organically from his midwestern roots .  bob greene says the states had undeniably been formed by the union itself .
prince harry is due to arrive in australia for a four - week stint with the armed forces .  the 30 - year - old prince is known in the british army as " captain harry wales " .  he will also spend time with wounded , injured and ill service members in australia .
spacex will launch a two - stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon .  after the launch , the company will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform .  spacex says it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea , hopes to land rockets on the ground .
nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster .  aid groups say the tarmac at tribhuvan international airport remains jam - packed with cargo planes .  nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid .
robert lewis burns jr . was the original drummer in southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd .  he was not involved in the 1977 plane crash that killed three members .
jonty hurwitz ' s " nano - sculptures " are made from a mysterious resin - - " a big scientific secret " .  the 45 - year - old has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million .  he has also created a statue depicting the classical myth of cupid and psyche .
tulsa world newspaper says deputy ' s records had been falsified .  sheriff ' s office denies allegations .
al - shabaab claims responsibility for a december raid on a quarry in the village of kormey , near the somali border .  at least 36 people were killed and plans were ended " successfully , " an official says .  " it is a very sad day for kenya , " a reporter tells cnn affiliate ntv .
new coloring book titles are being marketed to stressed - out , work - addled adults .  adult coloring is a growing trend , according to publisher emma farrarons .  ordering a coloring book that suits adult tastes online is easier than walking into a bookstore .
a dress worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o ' hara in " gone with the wind " has fetched $ 137 , 000 .  it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces on sale in the auction .
nasa ' s new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto .  the probe is due to make its closest approach to pluto on july 14 .
u .  n . spokeswoman : between 800 and 850 people were on board the cargo ship that capsized .  the boat capsized over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board .  the cause of the sinking is part of italian authorities ' investigation .
a jury of investigators has dissected the magazine ' s discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia .  the original story , " a rape on campus , " registered 2 . 7 million hits following its publication in november .
lane bryant has launched an ad for its cacique line # imnoangel .  the campaign is a not - so - subtle dig at victoria ' s secret and its popular angels line .
paul walker died in a car crash in november 2013 at the age of 40 .  " he was a person of humility , integrity , and compassion , " a military veteran says .  vin diesel : " this movie is more than a movie " .
kim kardashian , sister khloe and their two cousins toured armenia on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the mass killings .  they spotlighted a humanitarian crime that pope francis recently called " the first genocide of the 20th century " .
lz granderson : we let the violence stand for everything that ' s wrong with the things we already didn ' t like .  he says the word " we " is one of the great american words .
the obama administration ' s clean power plan is an energy policy plan , not a carbon reduction plan , says julian zelizer .  nuclear power is our largest source of carbon - free energy , he says .
louis jordan , 37 , was fishing on a sailboat off the south carolina coast . he broke his shoulder when the boat capsized .  he was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail , but could make little headway against the currents .
sabeen mahmud ' s killing broke hearts beating for non - violence and progressive values .  she had become a pakistani figurehead for humanism , love and tolerance .
police in lucknow , northern india , have bought four drones .  they will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray .  views on the new measure are mixed , with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech .
the cf - 18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada says .  canadian forces are part of the u . s . - led coalition trying to stem the extremist group ' s advances in iraq and syria .
a noose was found near a student center at 2 a . m . , duke officials have asked anyone with information to call campus police .  the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .
kenyan president uhuru kenyatta announced three days of national mourning .  mohamed mohamud is in command of an al - shabaab militia based near kenya ' s border with somalia .
nasa says its messenger space probe crashed into mercury after running out of fuel .  the crash wasn ' t visible from earth because it occurred on the far side of mercury .
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban told twitterers to have blood available every three months .  arizona gov .  doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get tests without a doctor ' s order .  abnormalities are common in normal people , but it ' s hard for us to make well people feel better .
andrew getty , 47 , appears to have died of natural causes , police say .  getty is one of the heirs to billions of oil money .
henry louis gates is accused of scrubbing part of " finding your roots " segment .  dean obeidallah : affleck ' s initial reluctance to acknowledge his truth is surprising .
a total of 8 , 480 migrants have been rescued , the italian coast guard says .  save the children spokesman says the group fears 400 migrants could be missing .  there has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the mediterranean into italy .
" we ' re in a new era , " gov .  jerry brown says .  the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1 . 5 million acre - feet of water over the next nine months .  agriculture uses about 80 % of california ' s developed water supply .
the isis terrorist group claims responsibility for the attack .  the claim appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis , cnn ' s nick paton walsh says .  isis refers to afghanistan and pakistan as the province of " khorasan " .
kenyans used social media to humanize the victims of a terrorist attack .  they shared pictures of beaming faces , full of life and energy .
vegas is home to the world cup finals for the sixth time since hosting showjumping in 2000 . organizers believe more than 80 , 000 fans will attend this week ' s event .  the thomas & mack center , a stone ' s throw from the strip , was opened by frank sinatra and diana ross in 1983 .
officer michael rapiejko ran his car into an armed suspect with his patrol car .  he told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man .  valencia officer mario valencia faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree .
the cases have all occurred in nigeria ' s ondo state since april 13 .  the disease does not appear to be contagious , health officials say .
heather mack , 19 , was found guilty with her boyfriend tommy schaefer , 21 , of killing his girlfriend ' s mother .  the couple were arrested after being found at another hotel in bali .  mack told the court he acted in self - defense after a violent argument over the couple ' s relationship .
iranians blame sanctions and the previous hardline government for the sorry state of affairs in the economy .  president rouhani ' s team has done nothing to improve the living conditions of ordinary iranians who complain they have lost half of their purchasing power in recent years .
italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world .  the basilica of assisi , where st . frances ' tomb lies , is just the last of a series of national shames .
russia expects kim jong un to visit moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations .  kim will meet with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit .
ayatollah ali khamenei says he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal .  the united states has stressed that if a final deal is reached with iran , the removal of any sanctions will come in phases .
this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .
six people , including one civilian , were killed when a car bomb explodes near the police station in al - arish .  ansar beit al - maqdis , an isis affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack .  attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of senior military positions .
president obama spoke at a public health vantage point on climate change .  john sutter : obama wants the average american to take away , as well as how enforceable his action plan is .
this is the time of the year when christians the world over reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our lord .  hundreds of thousands of christians have been utterly destroyed in nations such as iraq , syria , libya , pakistan , india and nigeria .
" the meatrix : relaunched " is a sustainable food movement .  john sutter : it ' s an important benchmark in the evolution of the movement .
tokyo electric power company deployed the second remote - controlled robot last week .  the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected .  tepco says the yellow seen on the images seemed to suggest a discoloration of the grating .
cardinal gerald lacroix is a 57 - year - old cardinal at the basilica cathedral of notre dame .  " he ' s living with such freedom , such inner freedom , " he says .
president obama is headed to panama for a regional summit .  hillary clinton has leased her headquarters in brooklyn and will soon make her campaign official .
misao okawa was born on march 5 , 1898 .  she left behind three children , four grandchildren and six great grandchildren .
ambergris caye held the top spot on the tripadvisor global islands list for two years in a row .  ko tao , thailand , gained five spots this year , moving up from no . 10 last year to ninth .
uva , phi kappa psi and other fraternities are suing for defamation .  lz granderson : rolling stone ' s article purported to be fact - checking is not true .  he says the law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under the first amendment to the u . s . constitution .
blue bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants .  it is the third time blue bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a kansas hospital .  listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital .
michael slager has been fired and faces life in prison if convicted on a murder charge .  his lawyer says he has " not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has " .  dash cam video shows the officer shooting scott in the back as he runs from his car .
the rev .  robert h . schuller was 88 years old .  he had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 .  he preached not to convert or condemn people , but to encourage them .
aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person .  a growing number of japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country ' s shrinking workforce .
bobby drake , aka iceman of the x - men , is gay .  the character of iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the films .
obama and castro met friday at the summit of the americas .  the two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years .
film director david lynch will no longer direct the revival of " twin peaks " .  the series featured a quirky fbi agent who went to twin peaks to investigate the murder of a high school girl .  showtime announced they would produce a third season in october last year .
daisy bentley , 23 , is a london - based artist . she began collecting a note six years ago after a note caught her eye .  now a gallery in london has put a selection on display for the public .
blue bell recalls its ice cream , frozen yogurt , sherbet and other frozen treats .  the bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , the cdc says .  three people in kansas have died in the past year and 10 in texas have fallen ill .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two birmingham - area restaurant managers .  hinton says he was sent to death row for something he didn ' t do .  " when you think you ' re high and mighty , you don ' t have to answer to nobody , " he says .
india has evacuated some 2 , 500 people from yemen .  some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as aden .
remains of up to 400 unaccounted for service members will be exhumed this year .  by 1950 , all unidentified remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the national memorial of the pacific .
cuba is trying to re - establish itself at the summit of the americas .  the two heads of state met in 2013 at nelson mandela ' s funeral .
since civil war broke out , 310 , 000 people have been killed , the syrian observatory for human rights says .  the u . n . says it has been forced to make due to a lack of donations .
a red alert is issued for the towns of puerto montt and puerto varas .  the last major eruption was 1962 .
anamarie shreeves , 26 , is the site manager for keep atlanta beautiful .  she says she creates almost no waste of garbage .
irwin horwitz accused students of " backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting " .  texas a & m says he remains an employee and that no one has asked him to stop teaching .  " i will stand by what i did , but i ' m not career suicidal , " he says .
many of nepal ' s most famous pagodas suffered surprisingly little damage when the earthquake hit .  the shiva temple pagoda and its twin , the narayan temple pagoda , dominated kathmandu ' s main durbar square .
china ' s biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week .  the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels .  china is facing a second year of slower growth in 2015 .
doj review of ferguson police department was precipitated by protests and activism .  the department has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination .  the city ' s attorney general declared there were " no racial issues " in the report .
more than 60 people were arrested during the demonstrations .  the rally was organized through social media , much like protests over the killing of eric garner .
ted cruz is counting on iowa to propel him forward in what ' s expected to be a tough competition .  he ' s the only official contender in the race , as a presidential candidate .
mohammad javad zarif has been u . s . secretary of state since 1977 .  he was nominated to be foreign minister by ahmadinejad ' s successor , hassan rouhami .
" arrested development " will return for a fifth season .  the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013 .
two florida corrections officers and one former officer have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate .  the three men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of conspiracy to commit murder .  " we will not tolerate nor will we ever remain silent over the violence of hatred in this country , " attorney general says .
hong kong police say they found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks .  a former banker , 29 - year - old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder .  sumarti ningsih was killed on october 27 , five days before her body was found .
robert champion , 26 , died in 2011 after a band hazing ritual .  he was beaten aboard a school bus after a football game in orlando , florida .
the palestinian authority officially becomes the 123rd member of the international criminal court .  the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague , in the netherlands .  israel and the united states opposed the palestinians ' efforts to join the body .
michael slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50 - year - old walter scott .  a bystander ' s cell phone video began after an alleged struggle on the ground between slager and scott .  it ' s unclear what happened before scott ran , or why he ran .
" strong is the new pretty , " kate parker says of her daughter ' s triathlon .  " i want to capture them before they lose that sense of ' i ' m so awesome , " she says .
james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .  the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty .
jack white will wrap his touring efforts in support of " lazeretto " .  the shows will be unannounced until day - of - show , with tickets priced at $ 3 .  unclear whether white includes his work with the white stripes , the raconteurs and dead weather .
america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , with 5 % of the world ' s population .  nearly 40 % of our country ' s prisoners are african - americans .
the u . s . says it is too dangerous to conduct an evacuation of citizens from the area .  the state department says it ' s too dangerous for them to directly evacuate american nationals .  neighboring saudi arabia has been conducting airstrikes in yemen for more than three weeks .
sissa abu dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression in luxor .  the grandmother of two was forced to fend for herself in egypt ' s patriarchal south .
keonna thomas , 30 , is one of three women arrested this week on terror charges .  two new york women were also taken into custody .
a lawsuit alleges johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala from 1945 to 1956 .  the suit seeks more than $ 1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs .
four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday .  in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice .  johnny depp is nearly unrecognizable in the ' black mass ' trailer .
the death toll is expected to rise .  the u . s . government is providing $ 1 million in immediate assistance .
avril lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease .  " i felt like i couldn ' t breathe , " she said .
judge jeffrey sutton wrote the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same - sex marriage .  his opinion goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans .  critics call the opinion an outlier and don ' t believe it will carry much weight .
marco rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his signature issues : immigration reform and cuba relations .
indonesian government orders preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row .  mary jane veloso and andrew chan and myuran sukumaran had their petitions denied by president joko widodo in late 2014 .  the executions were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges .
dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment from brooklyn federal court .  three previously arrested men were charged with providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .
an iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u . s . navy helicopter over the persian gulf .  the incident took place as the world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting iran ' s nuclear program .
jordan spieth drops two shots late on to finish six under par .  bryan faldo ' s 15 birdies are just 10 away from phil mickelson ' s mark set in 2001 .
lawyer alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein .  buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january .
president dilma rousseff is the chairwoman of petrobras .  her supporters say they ' d rather see her step down than push for impeachment .
a border guard is killed in a cross - boundary fire exchange with militants in yemen .  saudi arabia ' s first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels .  houthis now control most large districts in aden amid ongoing clashes .
" cassandra c . " was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma in september .  she is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments .
" i ' m not comfortable with it , " judge jerry baxter says of seven - year prison terms . " when a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something ' s wrong , something is usually wrong , " he says
scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica .  the last time a new glassfrog was found in costa rica was back in 1973 .
south korea ' s prime minister lee wan - koo has offered to resign .  lee will stay in his official role until south korean president park geun - hye accepts his resignation .  south korean tycoon sung woan - jong was found hanging from a tree in april .
mike tyson ' s gaudy , ohio , mansion is the tallest and fastest " giga - coaster " in the world .  alisyn camerota looked into allegations that bikram choudhury sexually assaulted six former students . comedian and comedian penn jillette was part of a panel speaking to cnn ' s don lemon about the indiana religious freedom law .
thousands remain missing in nepal after a devastating earthquake struck saturday .  technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries .  the death toll in nepal is rising ; it has now surpassed more than 5 , 000 .
justice ruth bader ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has changed from long ago .  david frum says clarence thomas has gone over nine years without a single inquiry from the bench .
falih essawi says security is " collapsing rapidly in the city " .  iraqi prime minister haider al - abadi meets with u . s . president barack obama .
fireball is the fastest - growing big brand of liquor in america .  it ' s made from canadian whisky , flavored with sweetener and sweetener .  its slogan is " tastes like hell , burns like hell " but that ' s an exaggeration .
marvel ' s " daredevil " streamed its first season on netflix on friday morning .  charlie cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney matt murdock .  early risers on twitter praised the show as well .
public opinion on same - sex marriage has turned upside down since the supreme judicial court first legalized in 2003 .  public opinion is just one of the extrajudicial factors the justices sometimes take into consideration .
sid ahmed ghlam , 24 , is suspected of killing a 32 - year - old woman hours earlier .  french authorities found weapons , ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches .  president francois hollande : " a terrorist attack has been foiled " .
co - stars chris evans and jeremy renner appear in " avengers : age of ultron " .  renner responded " she ' s a slut , " saying she is a " complete whore " .
there will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating of michael brown .  there had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black .  " the next thing i know , he sucker punches me right in the middle of my face , " victim says .
" it was turning into the wild , wild , west , " a sheriff says .  four men from gem farms in schodack , new york , were on the scene .
deion sanders jr . called out his son on twitter for saying he has " hood doughnuts " .  junior is a wide receiver at southern methodist university .  he also has references to sports , cars , school and balenciaga shoes .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show " american sniper " .  some students believed the movie ' s depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east .
richard dysart gained fame playing law firm leader leland mckenzie on " l . a . law " .  he appeared in every episode of the show , which ran from 1986 to 1994 .
the " true cross " is a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people .  the phenomenon begins with emperor constantine , the first roman emperor to convert to christianity .  the true cross is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for jesus relics .
" the americans " is 10 p . m . et wednesday .  it ' s the first history channel scripted series with an asian - american cast since the 1990s .
director gareth edwards showed an early teaser for " star wars : rogue one " .  the movie will take place in between " episode iii : revenge of the sith " and " episode iv : a new hope " .
joy womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre .  she says she is paid around $ 240 a month - - which works out at around $ 8 a day .  womack says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the russian ruble has weakened .
six people hurt after explosion at controversial chemical plant in fujian province .  plant produces paraxylene ( px ) , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in polyester films and fabrics .  more than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control .
" furious 7 " is getting the widest release in universal ' s history .  it ' s the largest opening in north america since fall 2013 .  it will be playing in 4 , 003 theaters by good friday .
mitchelle angela blair is charged with murder and torture .  her daughter , stoni ann blair , and her 9 - year - old son , stephen gage berry , were found dead in a freezer .
in guatemala , nearly 10 out of every 100 , 000 women are killed there every day .  the u . s . estimates 98 % of cases never make it to court .
sawyer sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions on " everybody loves raymond " .  he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch .
marleni olivo saw her opportunity when she visited anzoategui , the state where she lives .  in a video that has gone viral , maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit in the head with it .  maduro ' s critics are calling the incident a " manguicidio " play on the words " mango " and " magnicidio " .
giovanni lo porto was killed by a u . s . drone strike in january 2012 .  lo porto worked with welthungerlife , a group dedicated to fighting hunger and poverty worldwide .  " we are tremendously proud of him and the humanitarian work he did , " a professor says .
two people , one of them a licensed greyhound trainer , have been arrested in australia .  at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in queensland bush .  rspca spokesman : " the people who have perpetrated this crime , to me , are cowards and they are pathetic " .
six survivors of the paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a french media outlet .  cnn affiliate bfmtv is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages .
indonesia ' s actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states .  indonesian president joko widodo is fulfilling his promise to crack down on what he and other indonesians see as a problem .
jake tapper is the next anchor of cnn ' s " state of the union " .  tapper joined cnn from abc in 2013 to anchor " the lead " .
swiss physicist jean - pierre wolf is using focused laser beams to affect the weather .  laser can make more than clouds , it can also trigger lightning .  once it ' s perfected , it could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast , such as california or chile .
jordan spieth is the second - youngest winner of the masters at augusta .  the 21 - year - old equaled tiger woods ' record winning score of 18 under par .  the golfer is only the fifth man to have led from start to finish over four days .
fox is developing a two - hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed , executive - produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega .  the special will be filmed in advance and not air live , but few details beyond that are known .  fox ' s " glee " covered several of the show ' s most popular songs for a season 2 episode .
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , police say .  germanwings flight 9525 crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the alps .
dr . kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby ' s head .  " my first bow kill , lol .  psshh .  like someone would get rid of me .  i ' m awesome , " she said .
polls close late thursday evening , local time .  queen elizabeth ii is officially britain ' s head of state , but she ' s only nominally in charge .  she signs off on legislation and appoints new prime ministers but has no real power , so no beheadings .
syrians don ' t need visas to get into turkey , so turkey it was .  returning to syria wasn ' t an option - - going back means you either have to kill or be killed .
cynthia lennon married john lennon when he was a struggling musician .  she was a stabilizing force for the young john , who lost his mother at a young age .  the two married in 1962 , just as the beatles were making their rise .
u .  s . says it has " created options " for how it could react to iran ' s behavior in the region .  president obama says the united states has been clear in its messages to tehran on sending weapons to houthis .
a u . s . military official says an afghan national army soldier was killed in an attack in jalalabad .  an afghan police chief says the soldier opened fire on the troops as they were leaving a meeting at the compound .  it wasn ' t immediately clear whether the assailant was among them .
isis claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the u . s . consulate in irbil .  at least four people were killed and 18 injured , police say .
" double falsehood , " a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier .  the findings were published in the journal psychological science .
saudi jets began airstrikes in yemen late last month in name of " restoring the legitimate government " .  frida ghitis : saudi motives likely have nothing to do with protecting constitutions and elections .
isis operatives have executed two groups of prisoners , believed to be ethiopian christians .  one group is beheaded on a beach along the mediterranean sea , while the other is shot in libya .  speaker : " all praise be to allah , the lord and cherisher of the world and may peace and blessings be upon the prophet mohammed " .
david cameron , ed miliband and nigel farage tied first with 21 % and sturgeon close behind on 20 % .  david cameron has refused all invitations to go head to head with labour ' s alone in verbal fisticuffs .  cameron has been given a hard time by the british media who have gloated over his difficulties in eating a bacon sandwich .
julian assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 .  prosecutors want to question him about allegations he raped one woman and sexually molested another .
the new england patriots and the tampa bay buccaneers are on the clock with the no . 1 overall pick .  in january , the nfl launched an investigation into why 11 of the 12 game balls were underinflated .  it ' s still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced .
four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on tuesday .  " it ' s been surreal i feel like we ' re breaking the internet but in a really great way , " says cnn ireporter .  yosemitebear vasquez posted a video to youtube in 2010 reacting to a double rainbow .
the al marmoum camel race in dubai is the only gulf national in the cnn team .  camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy new cars for their owners .
jury deliberations resume wednesday at 9 p . m . et .  aaron hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of odin lloyd .
al qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal yemeni city of al mukallah .  at least 270 prisoners have al qaeda links , a senior al qaeda figure says .  last month , hundreds of inmates escaped from al mansoorah central prison in aden .
john f . kennedy : we share an unwavering belief that the u . s . must lead the world on climate change .  he says climate change is only scary if we choose to do nothing about it .
danny cevallos : district attorney banned from offering female sterilization in plea deals .  he says supreme court has never technically overruled it .
youtuber bobby burns used classic superhero footage to make the video .  burns : " it ' s awesome to see so many people enjoying what i made " .
selena dohal , 8 , and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood .  dr . sanjay gupta helped doctors at bir hospital in kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room .  selena is one of the lucky ones .
the total lunar eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds .  it won ' t be visible in greenland , iceland , europe , africa or the middle east .
a female businesswoman says hillary clinton shouldn ' t be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she ' ll start an unnecessary war .  studies show that women leaders take fewer unnecessary risks than their male counterparts .  the bias against women in the workplace is so well established that a female candidate will be hard - pressed to get elected .
wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the los angeles riots .  mark o ' mara : it could have been as easily have been baltimore this week .
dean obeidallah : this is week three of a catholic series : a catholic reads the bible .  he says there ' s no enough good people to save sodom , which leads to gomorrah ' s demise .
hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country .  president dilma rousseff won re - election with just over 50 % of valid votes in october .
the headstone of hillary clinton ' s father , hugh rodham , was found tipped over this week .  police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over .
erika langhart was 24 when she was just 24 years old .  by the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries .  hospital records cited the nuvaring as a risk factor for erika ' s multiple pulmonary embolisms .
ayatollah khomeini has defied the west in the face of increasing economic pressure .  if iran can finalize a deal by june with the u . s . and its p5 + 1 partners , international investors would be able to invest in iran for the first time in decades .
the u . s . religious freedom restoration act became law in 1993 .  critics say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people .
the blob is a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific .  some marine species are exploring the warmer waters .
most companies in south korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week .  for koreans , drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like .  seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city ' s drinking culture .
mohamed morsy was deposed by a popularly backed military coup in july 2013 .  he was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters .  his freedom and justice party calls the trial a " travesty of justice " .
the u . s . has unveiled details about its proposal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % by 2025 .  china has already taken important steps forward , including installing 100 gigawatts of solar power capacity by 2022 .
comedian chris rock posted a series of tweets documenting racial disparities in police treatment of whites .  many african - americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no reason .  actor isaiah washington urged rock to " # adapt " to avoid racial profiling .
japan ' s nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the kansai electric power company ' s takahama nuclear plant .  locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture , where the plant is located , raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake .  japanese prime minister shinzo abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy , arguing it is essential to the country ' s economic recovery .
a 15 - year - old girl was detained at the city ' s airport after receiving information she was leaving the country to join isis .  it ' s not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged , state security minister david mahlobo says .  officials debriefed the girl ' s family and released her into the family ' s care , he says .
the new season of " true detective " premieres june 21 .  colin farrell , vince vaughn , rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star .  the first season starred matthew mcconaughey and woody harrelson .
the bodies of four al - shabaab attackers are shattered in a torrent of bullets .  " they were lying , " one student says .
nelly , 40 , is charged with felony possession of drugs and possession of drug paraphernalia .  he shot to fame 15 years ago with the track " country grammar " .
police in maharashtra , maharashtra , have asked residents to take a ' mugshot ' of their cattle .  cows are considered holy and revered by that state ' s majority hindu population .  police believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law .
the new south china mall has been an embarrassment for its owners and china .  the mall is the largest in the world in terms of leasable space .  it became an unflattering symbol of china ' s speculation on real estate projects .
aid group says 8 , 500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week .  the attacks killed two immigrants and including a 14 - year - old boy , authorities say .  in the past , johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti - immigrant tensions .
kevin cave caught the incident on video on his reddit page .  it has already been viewed more than 1 million times .
james holmes is on trial for 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder .  he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .
the basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to iran ' s religious leaders .  their mission is to protect the country ' s islamic order .  the u . s . has denied any coordination with iran .
feidin santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident .  " mr . scott never tried to fight , " he says .
the fire began shortly before 7 a . m . at the general electric appliance park in louisville .  there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped .
the apple tablet sold for $ 30 , 500 at an auction in uruguay .  it ' s not the first time a papal hand - me - down has gone for big bucks .
the abkatun permanente platform is located in the gulf of mexico ' s campeche sound .  at least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours .
april 27 marks the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid .  this year ' s celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti - immigrant attacks .
the university of virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault - - even when the student admitted to it .  rolling stone ' s story opened up a conversation about how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students .  many women told cnn about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus .
sen .  elizabeth warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and " make washington work for families again " .  warren is something of a political rock star in the eyes of many liberal and progressive voters .
five years after the deepwater horizon oil rig disaster , it ' s time to ask ourselves : what have we learned ? " out of sight , " doesn ' t apply in the communities of gulf states .
a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state ' s coast this week .  the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan .
" it ' s showtime ! " michael keaton said in his opening monologue .  " i had a baby - - he ' s 31 .  i also have a new girlfriend - - she ' s 28 , " he said .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , faces life in prison or the death penalty .  defense attorney : " he chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on boston " .
cape verde is seeking to tap - into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish .  the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade .
" bali nine " duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were executed for drug offenses abroad in 2005 .  australia ' s president joko widodo will argue that he was politically bound to allow the executions to take place .  the australian public ' s view of indonesia , and anger with its government , will take much longer to subside .
nato says it is not a deliberate response to the russian military ' s increasingly brazen behavior . 13 , 000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines .  the details of these war games are top secret .
the first six " star wars " movies will include many special features .  the sound effects of the movies will be shown in the video .
two african - americans - - ella jones and wesley bell - - were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday .  this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed michael brown last august .
environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder since its ship encountered it in the southern ocean .  the crew had been handed over to the coastguard for suspected fraud and fisheries - related crimes .  " i ' m 100 % confident that the captain of the thunder destroyed his own ship , " says sea shepherd spokesman .
mindy kaling ' s brother says he posed as a black man to get into medical school .  joel burger is set to marry ashley king in july .
j .  j . abrams and the " star wars : episode vii " showed off for the audience .  carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns .  twitter erupted with near - instantaneous reaction .
dzhokhar tsarnaev ' s relatives arrive at boston ' s logan international airport on thursday .  steve woolfenden testified before a federal jury thursday that he was cold - hearted and remorseless .  he has been found guilty of perpetrating the attack with his now - deceased brother .
the crash occurred at 3 : 30 p . m . at the exotic driving experience .  the driver , 24 - year - old tavon watson , lost control of the vehicle .
president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran .  the strictest restrictions on iran ' s enrichment will expire in only 10 years .  the deal would have sharpened the ayatollah ' s choice : dismantle your nuclear weapons program or see your economy collapse .
obsidian - - a type of volcanic glass - - can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels .  surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions that they say heal with minimal scarring .
warren weinstein was killed in an anti - terror strike in january , the white house says .  the captors , who never referred to themselves as " al qaeda , " began demanding prisoners be released in 2012 .
the national park service ' s 407 national parks were made for you and me .  go to findyourpark . com to learn more about park sites near you .
ray gricar was 59 when he went missing in 2005 .  he left behind a live - in girlfriend , a daughter and a bank account .  his county - issued laptop and hard drive were found on the banks of the river .
barney frank was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same - sex counterparts in office .  he said the california proposal sounded like a porno .  frank : " we ' re winning " is a phrase i ' ve heard a lot recently as it pertains to lgbt rights .
syringe exchange programs are a welcome step in the fight against hiv and hepatitis c transmission .  washington was the first state in the u . s . to help curb the spread of blood - borne diseases that can be spread by contaminated syringes .
gunshots were fired at a parking lot in atlanta ' s buckhead neighborhood .  no one was injured in the shooting , and police are still looking for suspects .  lil wayne was in atlanta for a performance at compound nightclub saturday night .
saudi special forces assisted yemeni fighters targeting houthis and their allies in aden , source says .  houthi rebels withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of aden following heavy saudi airstrikes .
a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold , alaska airlines says .  the agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution .  a total of 170 passengers and six crew members were on flight 448 .
" furious 7 " hits theaters friday , months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the oscars .  some might argue that the movie goes against type for academy nominated nominated films because the cast is so diverse .
" daredevil " focuses on attorney matt murdock as he fights injustice by day using the law .  the show also stars charlie cox , vincent d ' onofrio and deborah ann woll .
from the horn of africa to the atlantic , more than 80 % of them headed for the libyan coast . eritreans want to escape an authoritarian government , poverty and indefinite military service .  the international organization for migration has tracked the migrant flows through north africa for years .
" it ' s a little about how music can take you back in time , " producer jonathan shestack says .  " it will be everything you hope a christmas movie with mariah carey would be " .
judge orders v . stiviano to pay back more than $ 2 . 6 million in gifts after sterling ' s wife sued her .  rochelle " shelly " sterling accused donald sterling of targeting wealthy older men .
the slants are five asian - american musicians who pay homage to the ' 80s on stage .  in the case , these are asian guys who say " it doesn ' t bother us , so why should it bother you ? " .
" the family are all fighters , " lawyer says .  the boys , 16 and 14 , are in critical condition at a philadelphia hospital .  pesticide exposure can result in serious health effects , the epa says .
" amy : the girl behind the name " is set for uk release on july 3 .  the trailer conveys winehouse ' s ambivalence about fame .  " i don ' t think i ' m gonna be at all famous , " winehouse says .
jerome r . hunt , 54 , of hayward , california , climbed the fence on the south side of the white house .  the package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless , a secret service source says .
elizabeth sedway was on a flight from hawaii to san jose , california .  she said she has cancer and no note to fly .
a new book called " clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments helped make bill and hillary rich " by peter schweizer .
al - shabaab has been losing ground for years in somalia as a result of u . s . drone and special operations forces campaign .
freddie gray , 25 , was arrested by police on april 12 .  danny cevallos : the case raises at least three legal issues .
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol and shot himself , police say .  witnesses say dozens of shocked onlookers watched , including some young children .
improvised bomb explodes near a u . n . vehicle near garowe , killing six people .  the attack comes a day after three african union troops died in an ambush in the lower shabelle region of somalia .  somalia ' s president calls it " an attack against the future of our country " .
kim jong un has ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year .  the nature of the intelligence supporting the national intelligence service allegations was not immediately clear .  kim became north korea ' s supreme commander in december 2011 following the death of his father , kim jong il .
prosperity gospel pastor creflo dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a gulfstream g650 .  in march , dollar did appeal in a video to " friends from around the world " soliciting donations to replace his current 1984 g - 1159a .
the statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday .  a bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded , officials say .  service to liberty island is to resume at 8 : 30 a . m . saturday .
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , when he saw a tree dangling over the edge of a cliff .  " i was like , i gotta do something and no one was doing anything , " warnock said .  police chief : " i don ' t feel like i deserve any credit or anything " .
dozens of cities across turkey lost power for hours on tuesday .  millions of people were affected , including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways .  some twitter users went so far as to suggest the black - outs were a warm up for elections to take place in june .
" the eureka factor " explores the influences at work behind that much sought - after " aha ! " .  in trying to conjure up inspiration , most of us end up suppressing it .  insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness .
spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of wichita , kansas .  " nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly , " cnn severe weather expert says .  more storms are expected in the midwest , mississippi river valley and near the great lakes .
memories pizza in walkerton is at the center of the debate over the religious freedom restoration act .  critics say the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians .
alaska airlines flight 448 took off from seattle - tacoma international airport on monday .  a ramp agent fell asleep in the plane ' s cargo hold .  " i feel like it ' s up moving in the air , " the ramp agent tells air traffic control .  " there could be a person in there so we ' re going to come back around , " he says .
the baltimore orioles and chicago white sox will be closed to the public , the orioles says .  the game at oriole park at camden yards is scheduled to begin at 2 : 05 p . m . et .  the orioles said tickets from monday ' s postponed game can be used for admittance on may 28 .
the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california ' s farallon islands .  it was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts that ripped through the ship .  the wreck is part of a project to map about 300 wrecks that lie in and around the gulf of the farallones national marine sanctuary .
this week is the 100th anniversary of the turkish massacre of an estimated 1 . 5 million armenians .  it ' s the seventh year in a row president obama has broken his promise to use the word " genocide " .
aaron hernandez is charged with first - degree murder in a 2012 double homicide .  the former new england patriots tight end was one of the nfl ' s most promising tight ends .
robert bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police .  ruben navarrette : bates was too old to be policing the streets .
hillary clinton ' s campaign rollout shows she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach .  lz granderson : the proportion of women who vote in every presidential election since 1980 was the " war on women " .
dc entertainment , warner bros .  and mattel launch dc super hero girls .  the characters involved include wonder woman , batgirl , harley quinn and poison ivy .
charles alasholuyi is a marketing professional and father - of - three .  # bringbackourgirls is one of the top twitter hashtags of 2014 .
selena will be the first figure to use the acrovirt technology .  her family is creating a version of the singer that will be " walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment " of her persona .  " by no means is this something that ' s going to be coming out , " her sister says .
italian government cut back naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants .  mare nostrum was launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013 .  italy has borne the task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to migrants .
" i ' m feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today , " claudette king says .  king ' s dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he " is much better , " his daughter says .
a team of students from the ahmadu bello university are applying the final touches to the " abucar 2 " .  the compact creation will compete in the european leg of this year ' s shell eco - marathon .  the team is also working towards a hybrid petro - electric motor , which they hope to unveil in 2016 .
cnn ' s " poor kids of silicon valley " documents affordable housing challenges .  7 . 7 million low - income households live in substandard housing , spend more than half their incomes on rent or both .  by 2020 , the nation is losing 10 , 000 units of public housing every year , mainly because of disrepair .
bruce jenner ' s family owned the moment , being the jenners and the kardashians .  " love is the courage to live the truest , best version of yourself , " tweets daughter kendall jenner .  lady gaga has long supported lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues .
ben & jerry ' s and new belgium brewery are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream .  the companies will announce the details later this year , and the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall .
damani terry , 2 , was struck and killed by a gmc van , police say .  his brother , 15 - year - old rasheed chiles , was also killed .  " it ' s a day i wish had never , never came , " police chief says .
scott kelley , 50 , was arrested wednesday after arriving on a flight from costa rica .  his wife , genevieve kelley , turned herself in last year , just a few months after the case was featured on cnn ' s " the hunt " .
aaron hernandez is accused of killing a semi - pro player at the murder scene .  defense lawyer james sultan laid it out for the jury in closing arguments earlier tuesday .  hernandez ' s defense portrayed hernandez as cold , calculating and insecure .
a microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it .  the vaccine was eagerly awaited because of the rare instances of polio in the u . s . in the 1940s and ' 50s .  it ' s been 60 years since a mass inoculation of jonas salk ' s vaccine began with school children .
stephen hawking has teamed with the silly lads of monty python to recreate " galaxy song " .  the 7 - inch single will be available for sale saturday .  it ' s not hawking ' s first music gig ; he ' s also featured on the pink floyd song " talkin ' hawkin " .
chinese - born jia jiang jiang has launched a blog about " 100 days of rejection " .  the fear of rejection holds us back a lot more than actual rejection .  jiang ' s book called rejection proof , part self - help and part motivational / autobiography is released this week .
huntley high ' s blended learning program merges internet - based instruction .  one - third of the school ' s 2 , 700 students are enrolled .  teachers can monitor students ' progress and track lesson plans online .
laura bernardini says catholics have their bible passages read to them at mass every sunday .  bernardini : i have been looking for a form of meditation in my hectic life .
gov .  andrew cuomo : more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals .  " spice " and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals .  synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to " mask its true purpose " .
tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours to get their hands on jenny ' s cookies .  popularity has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs .
strippers are invited to perform at funerals to attract more mourners .  china ' s ministry of culture announces a crackdown on funeral stripteases .  exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in china .
robert durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a . 38 - caliber revolver .  he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty .
hillary clinton ' s online declaration for president means the focus will shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be .  clinton will add to her potential " firsts " : the first president who had been a first lady .
" i want them all to go back home , " rev .  jamal bryant says .  " we have a line of gentlemen from the nation of islam to build a human wall , " he says .
the white house says it doesn ' t need congressional approval for the iran nuclear deal announced this month .  david frum : the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy .
more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls were abducted from their dormitories in chibok , northeastern nigeria .  a year on , the nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed the girls to disappear .
ukip leader nigel farage complains that britain ' s membership of the european union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants into his " small island " nation .  prince jan zylinski said he was fed up with discrimination against poles living in britain .
there ' s not a huge amount of visible damage to nepal ' s buildings .  temporary shelters have been put up , but very few - - 16 - - by the government .
louis jordan , 37 , was missing for more than two months .  his boat capsized two more times before he was rescued .  " he looked good .  hadn ' t lost too much weight .  he wasn ' t badly sunburned like i thought he would be , " his father says .
eight of mary jane veloso ' s fellow death row inmates were put to death by firing squad wednesday .  her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so - called " execution island " .  a filipino tv crew flagged their bus down to tell them of the decision to postpone her execution .
the $ 16 million mary harvin transformation center is being built in a part of east baltimore .  unemployment rates reach 25 % and poverty and despair is rampant .  " we can rebuild .  this cannot be the legacy of baltimore , " pastor says .
boko haram militants attacked civilians in cameroon for the first time in a month .  six attackers were killed by cameroonian forces , a military spokesman says .
john travolta says he has not seen the documentary , " and i don ' t really care to " .  the scientologist is one of the church of scientology ' s most high - profile members .  " it wouldn ' t make sense , nor would it for tom ( cruise ) , i imagine , " he says .
jay z ' s new music service is to be owned by artists .  he launched the subscription - based music service last month .
julian zelizer : liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives .  he says the most exciting ideas are taking hold at the local level .
a clip of hillary clinton ' s first campaign video got the 18 + rating from the independent tv rain channel in russia .  the channel said it didn ' t want to break the controversial law , which bans " propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors " .  human rights watch described the anti - gay propaganda law as " a profoundly discriminatory and dangerous bill " .
ringling bros .  center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural florida .  the center opened 20 years ago , housed fewer than 10 elephants .  the change is the result of the different laws regulating the use of the animals in each of the 115 cities the circus visits every year .
freddie gray was arrested april 12 on a weapons charge in baltimore .  he suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later .
heads of state from 35 countries in the western hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 .  venezuelan president nicolas maduro recently accused the united states of trying to topple his government .
espn suspended reporter britt mchenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced .  " i am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake , " she says .
cassandra c . was diagnosed with hodgkin ' s lymphoma in september .  she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo , claiming she did not want to be treated .
martin o ' malley and jim webb share a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa .  " it is a marathon , not a sprint , " one man says .
geoffrey lewis was the father of oscar - nominated actress juliette lewis .  he appeared in " every which way but loose " and its sequel .  lewis appeared on " then came bronson , " " bonanza " and " the name of the game " .
" american pie " is the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript .  the song catapulted the former folk singer to headliner status .  it hit no . 1 in early 1972 , despite its length .
freddie gray was arrested april 12 on a weapons charge in baltimore .  it ' s unclear what caused his spinal cord injury that led to his death .
joni mitchell was found unconscious in her los angeles home tuesday .  paramedics were called to her home around 2 : 30 p . m . pt tuesday .  mitchell ' s best - known songs are " big yellow taxi , " " help me " and " free man in paris " .
fritz bauer : refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of holocaust trials .
five young feminists on women ' s rights were released on bail monday .  they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation .  the women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation .
jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex - boyfriend .  " to this day i can ' t believe that i was capable of doing something that terrible , " arias said .
high fructose corn syrup and sugar in the u . s . are largely made from genetically modified crops . 95 % of the sugar beets grown in the united states are gmo , as is 88 % percent of the corn .
jon " bones " jones is wanted for " his possible involvement in a hit - and - run accident " .  a pregnant woman in her 20s suffered minor injuries in the accident .
" avengers : age of ultron " character paul bettany appears in a trailer .  the vision is to be played by the vision , which is played by android .  director bryan singer announced a new character for " x - men : apocalypse " next year .
nyia parler , 41 , cannot be extradited to face charges in philadelphia .  police say she left her 21 - year - old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend .  he suffered eye problems , dehydration , malnutrition and a cut to his back .
izzat ibrahim al - douri was the highest - ranking member of hussein ' s regime to evade capture .  he was a man thought to have led the post - hussein sunni extremist group naqshbandi army .
malaysian bomb maker known as marwan was killed in a raid in the philippines in january .  the fbi says a dna sample from a severed finger showed a link with a known relative of marwan .  marwan ' s real name is zulkifli bin hir , who was believed to be a member of jemaah islamiyah ' s central command .
sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income .  the country also created a " gender equality bonus " : the more days that parents share equally , they get a bonus that could total up to $ 1 , 649 .
iran and riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east . the iranians find the charges biased and point to saudi airstrikes in yemen as a much bigger case of meddling in a neighbor ' s affairs .
alexis keslar was walking with her twin sons along a canal when she tried to repel a bee .  she was hampered by the steep sides of the canal , the depth of the water and the force of the current .  the toddlers were found and flown to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
police commissioner says there are no excuses for the fact that freddie gray was not buckled in .  gray was stopped april 12 after a foot pursuit through several housing complexes .
germanwings flight 9525 crashed into the french alps on friday .  airbus was working to develop aircraft crash avoidance software .  the technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles .
gao yu was sentenced to seven years in prison for leaking state secrets .  she was accused of disclosing a confidential " document no . 9 " to an overseas chinese - language news organization .  her lawyer says the conviction is " mainly based on a forced confession that she had since retracted " .
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from le borgne , west of cap - haitien .  the vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore .
christine baranski and laurie metcalf are back on " the big bang theory " .  scarlett johannsson is the host , the day after " sex and the city " .
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee , students at troy university , are charged with sexual battery .  the victim was a visitor in panama city .
al qaeda in the arabian peninsula offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent shia muslim opponents .  with sunni islamic roots , aqap is a bitter enemy of the houthi faction , which is widely believed to be supported by iran .
kim ki - jong is accused of stabbing u . s . ambassador mark lippert with a knife .  the ambassador suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw .  kim ' s trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today ' s indictment .
" sanctions are sanctions , " russian president vladimir putin says .  last year , it was a record - setting four hours and 47 minutes .  critics of the kremlin slam the event as russia ' s imitation of democracy .
italian authorities say they have launched a " vast anti - terrorism operation " .  some suspects had contact with al qaeda leader osama bin laden before his death in pakistan in 2011 , police say .  the operation is expected to result in the arrest of 18 people , most of them from pakistan .
a tv series based on the 1999 sci - fi film " galaxy quest " is in the works .  the film ' s scribe robert gordon is expected to write the tv version .
the new law will take effect in six months .  it will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex and a man .
reinforcements come from camp speicher , a fortified iraqi base near the city of tikrit .  isis launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday .
north korea ' s enigmatic ruler was due to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to moscow next week .  but this week , russia announced that the trip had been canceled .  kim feels the need to reassert his authority and keep his eye on the centers of power .
eight tornadoes are reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri .  a twister touched down 70 miles outside of st . louis .  " it ' s kind of one of your little greasy spoon restaurants , " a resident says .
marana police chief terry rozema : " it ' s luck that he is still alive " .  video of the incident has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used to detain the man .  valencia ' s attorney says " it is miraculous that my client isn ' t dead " .
roxy walsh was snorkeling at finn ' s beach in bali when she spotted something special .  the ring was engraved with the words , " darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 .  love jenny " .
novak djokovic beats thomas berdych 7 - 5 , 4 - 6 , 6 - 3 in the monte carlo masters final .  the serbian world number one has extended his current winning streak to 17 matches .  he becomes the first man to win the opening three masters tournaments of the season .
hillary clinton ' s official announcement went online in a big way .  there were over 3 million views of her announcmentent tweets in one hour .  some tweeted their immediate support , with one word : " # whyimnotvotingforhillary " .
blue uniform shirts will be traded for command staff members of the indianapolis police department .  the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure " accountability , professionalism and transparency " .
the helicopter crashed near kampung pasir baru in semenyih , malaysia .  prime minister najib razak ordered an investigation .  the helicopter ' s flight recorder has been found in good condition .
mullah mohammed omar is " still the leader " of the taliban ' s self - declared islamic emirate of afghanistan .  afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar ' s demise .
the nine were arrested at the turkey - syria border , the turkish military says .  the group included four children - - the oldest being 10 or 11 - - with the youngest born in 2013 .  the british foreign office is aware of reports of the arrests .
the missouri national guard used highly militarized words to refer to protesters .  the language is intensifying the concerns of some who objected to the police officers ' actions .  " it ' s disturbing when you have what amounts to american soldiers viewing american citizens somehow as the enemy , " a alderman says .
mohamed badie was sentenced to death by hanging , along with 13 members of his group .  he has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months .  the u . s . state department calls for his release on humanitarian grounds .
a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .  danny cevallos : the law of service of process has evolved this way .
" i was just angry , at that moment , " nypd detective patrick cherry says .  " i sincerely apologize , " he tells wnbc ' s jonathan dienst . cherry .  in the video , the detective tells the driver he has committed " three traffic and law violations " .  mayor bill de blasio : " there ' s just no place for any public servant to use discriminatory or negative language " .
five young chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality .  the women were among detained on march 6 and march 7 in beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou .  amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years .
iran ' s president hassan firouzabadi says he hopes the u . s . and iran can work closer together to fight isis in iraq .  the iranian president has praised the military as peacemakers for the middle east .
prince harry is known in the british army as " captain harry wales " .  the 30 - year - old prince will spend four weeks with the country ' s military .  he ' ll accompany charles on a trip to turkey at the end of april .
macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision .  the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 , with some people at higher risk in their 40s .
andrew lesnie won his oscar for his work on the first of the " lord of the rings " and " hobbit " films . he also shot " rise of the planet of the apes " , directed by rupert wyatt .
gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped by her cousin ' s husband .  she ' s now carrying the third child of her attacker , asadullah , who was convicted and jailed .  " i didn ' t want to ruin the life of my daughter or leave myself helpless so i agreed to marry him , " she says .
the wisconsin badgers beat michigan state 81 - 64 in the ncaa men ' s basketball final four at indianapolis .  they will meet four - time national champ duke in monday night ' s title game .  " these guys just gutted it out .  , " wisconsin head coach john calipari says .
a woman left her explosives - laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers .  the bus was heading to the central nigerian city of jos .  boko haram islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations .
katie gave birth to a baby baby early friday evening .  there was no immediate word on the newborn ' s gender or condition .
lewis hamilton wins chinese grand prix at shanghai ' s sunny skies .  nico rosberg claims he has ruined his race by driving slowly .  mercedes teammate sebastian vettel finishes third .
tropical storm maysak has sustained 150 mph winds .  it ' s expected to make landfall on the coast of isabela province by monday .
kayahan was one of turkey ' s best - loved singers and songwriters .  he performed most recently in istanbul on valentine ' s day .
justin timberlake and jessica biel announce the arrival of their son .  silas randall timberlake ' s maternal grandfather bill bomar died in 2012 .
u .  s . prosecutions of would - be recruits have exploded .  isis has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda .
freddie gray , 25 , died 15 days ago after being arrested on a weapons charge .  his death is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving african - americans and law enforcement .
brian rogers and caitlin mcguire own a recreational marijuana dispensary in breckenridge , colorado .  they brought in more than $ 47 , 000 in sales , roughly 30 times their normal daily sales of medical marijuana .  the new cnn original series " high profits " premieres sunday , april 19 , at 10 p . m . et / pt .
the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities , an official says .  the sailboat was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean .
hillary clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the u . s . lz granderson : win or lose creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder .
more than 1 , 800 people are dead after a magnitude - 7 . 8 quake in nepal .  the death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed .  an estimated 4 . 6 million people in the region were exposed to tremors .
cnn ' s richard quest traveled to kathmandu from his uncle ' s place in ramkot , nepal , to get his belongings and leave for home .  the journey was a map of destruction , with many houses torn apart .  a blood donation camp was said to be buried by the same structure that sheltered it .
charlie hill , now 65 , is facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana .  hill , a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary , craves the kind of french fries that only capitalism can make .
olivia wilde and garrett hedlund will return for disney ' s " tron 3 " .  the sequel is being directed by joseph kosinski .  wilde is coming off starring in the blumhouse - produced horror movie " the lazarus effect " .
a cnn producer secretly filmed a conversation with a senegalese and maliese smuggler .  the conversation exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible .  an estimated 1 , 600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous mediterranean crossing .
malala yousafzai ' s asteroid 316201 circles the sun between mars and jupiter every five and half years .  scientist : " we desperately need the brainpower of all smart people to solve some of humanity ' s most difficult problems " .
danny kahneman ' s colonoscopy was a happy spending spree for most americans .  he says the tax system is increasingly a wage tax , with limited taxes on most of us .
gisele bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend .  " congratulations love of my life , " brady wrote on instagram .  " i can ' t wait to see what ' s next .  i love you , " he said .
celoron mayor : " if we didn ' t have the funds and we should take it down and put it in storage " .  artist dave poulin publicly apologized for his " most unsettling sculpture " .  poulin : " i am willing to put my time and money into redoing the lucy sculpture and feel confident after ten years i can do a better job " .
jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success .  in the new testament , money gets 37 mentions , while " gold " gets 38 mentions , " silver " merits 20 , and " denarii " get half a dozen mentions .
" sopranos " creator david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly .  tony soprano is meeting his family for dinner at a real - life diner and ice cream parlor .  the way the scene is cut recalls the final bedroom scene of stanley kubrick ' s " 2001 : a space odyssey " .
amnesty international says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .  the report cites the example of pakistan lifting a six - year moratorium on the execution of civilians .  at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2013 .
" no punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims ' families , " attorney david bruck says .  tsarnaev ' s defense team began what could be a two - week campaign to avoid the death penalty .
the large hadron collider ( lhc ) is the world ' s biggest and most powerful physics experiment .  the lhc generates up to 600 million particles per second , with a beam circulating for 10 hours .  the purpose of the project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the " big bang " .
university of kentucky basketball player frank kaminsky apologizes for " poor choice of words " .  kaminsky , who is white , said he meant no disrespect to kaminsky .  kentucky vs .  wisconsin nets biggest final four ratings in 22 years .
the crash took place at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world speedway .  the lamborghini ' s passenger , 36 - year - old tavon watson , died at the scene .
dr . mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of " manifesting an egregious lack of integrity " .  the fda disputed the findings and said the report was misleading and irresponsible .
tobacco companies including philip morris and r . j . reynolds filed suit against the food and drug administration .  the suit argues that the fda is violating the first amendment .  the fda ' s actions do not advance a substantial government interest .
u .  s . troops will be inside the embassy by the end of next year .  the base is at a regional logistics hub for the afghan police force .  it ' s a rough drive from the main road , surrounded by hills , far from ideal for a transit hub .
president obama says his " heart goes out " to injured officers .  more than 100 people were arrested in new york this week without charges .  demonstrations are planned for thursday in cincinnati , oregon .
freddie gray , 25 , died from a fatal spinal cord injury one week after he was arrested .  six officers involved in his arrest have been suspended with pay pending an investigation .
a 14 - year - old boy is arrested in blackburn , lancashire .  he is charged with inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism .
alaska airlines flight 448 was just on its way to los angeles from seattle - tacoma international airport .  the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold .  " there could be a person in there so we ' re going to come back around , " the pilot says .
cnn ' s richard roth asks about a sweet tradition that ' s leaving some with a bitter taste .  " the blob " was a low - budget horror / sci - fi film .
iran ' s president says his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the deal .  " there is a third path .  we can cooperate with the world , " he says .
" orphan black " is one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv .  tatiana maslany has taken on at least six roles on the show so far .  jamie bell hopes the series might bring more recognition to the culper spy ring .
the exact cause of the blast is under investigation , sheriff says .  the blast happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader .
north korean defector lee min - bok is still sending thousands of copies of the film from south to north korea in balloons .  he doesn ' t know if ordinary north koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets .  lee : " the regime hates this film because it shows kim jong un as a man , not a god " .
in 2003 , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported same - sex marriage .  by 2014 , there had climbed to 47 % , according to a poll conducted by the public religion research institute .  if the u . s . supreme court has been paying attention , it likely saw this trend coming .
fethiye cetin ' s real name was heranus , when her grandmother revealed her secret .  cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented turkish - turkish journalist hrant dink .
carlos colina , 32 , is arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body .  " this was a gruesome discovery , " the district attorney ' s office says .
thieves broke into hatton garden safe deposit ltd ' s 60 - year - old safe deposit company .  hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash were stolen from the premises .  police are carrying out a " slow and painstaking " forensic examination , police say .  customers of the business went in and out of the premises , clearly unhappy about not being able to learn whether their boxes were among those ransacked .
islamist militant group al - shabaab is responsible for the attack in mogadishu .  at least 12 people were killed and 16 injured in the attack .
andreas lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies before his aviation career , a prosecutor ' s spokesman says .  investigators have not found evidence of the co - pilot ' s motive , the prosecutor says .  medical records reveal he was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy .
the pentagon released a map showing coalition forces have taken back 25 - 30 % of iraqi territory seized by isis .  the map shows gains in key central and northern areas of iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force .  the u . s . department of defense acknowledges it ' s a dynamic conflict and territory can change hands .
the calabrese regularly patrols the mediterranean off lampedusa .  in recent years , it has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe will address u . s . congress on wednesday .  david frum : abe ' s appearance has garnered much less attention than last month ' s speech to congress .  he says the battle in congress is not over the tpp , but something called trade promotion authority , or " fast - track " .
glider flying is one of the purest forms of aviation .  lufthansa ' s selection process is flawed to the extent that a serious mental disorder would go unnoticed .
it has been 42 days since the last known case of b3 strain of measles .  of the 131 cases , 131 were unvaccinated .  the outbreak began with visitors to two disney theme parks in the state .
the aclu isn ' t satisfied with the government ' s new policy .  a federal judge said the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment ' s guarantee of due process .
ben and shelby offrink were married and raising little maeve , 3 months , when life suddenly turns upside down .  shelby ' s version was extremely rare because it was lodged in her spine instead of her brain .
more than 10 , 000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend alone , according to the italian coast guard .  moammar gadhafi promised to close a " spigot " of migrants .  he also controlled the flow of migrant ships .
gov .  mary fallin ' s office says it ' s never been used in an execution in the united states .  nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen .  oklahoma ' s executions have been put on hold while the u . s . supreme court reviews its use of lethal injections .
human rights watch says the move marked the country ' s " deepening descent into dictatorship " .  general prayuth chan - ocha has invoked a new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta .  critics have expressed alarm at the move .
isis sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law .  the documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self - declared caliphate .  classes would resume on 24 dhu al - hijjah 1435 in the western calendar .
richard dysart portrayed leland mckenzie in " l . a . law " .  he was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series .
tornadoes hit dallas on sunday .  there are reports of damage in rio vista and grandview .
ebony dickens of east point , georgia , posted her facebook rant on facebook .  " i condone black on white killings .  hell they condone crimes against us , " police say .
hawaii is poised to become the first state to prohibit the sale of tobacco products to anybody under age 21 . gov .  david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii law , approved the bill on friday .
cyclist wang pingan was cycling around china for 460 days .  the bike was sold twice before being recovered .  wang had earlier turned down offers from across china to help him get a new bike .  " it ' s like a best friend who has accompanied me on my way , " he says .
chinese nuclear experts say pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads .  u . s . could double its arsenal by next year with weapons - grade uranium .
michelle keegan has been named the sexiest woman in the world by british men ' s magazine fhm .  the 27 - year - old actress is best known for her roles on " ordinary lies " and " coronation street " .
trey moses , a star on eastern high school ' s basketball team , asked ellie to be his prom date .  trey made the prom - posal in the gym during ellie ' s p . e . class .  " that ' s the kind of person trey is , " trey says .
" of course it ' s not the right word , to call our children ' thugs , " city councilman says .  " these are not thugs , these are upset and frustrated children , " he says .
nepal ' s capital is struggling to come to terms with devastation and tragedy .  maili tamang , 62 , is alive , but surveys the desolation the quake has wreaked on her life .  tamang ' s house was one of the bigger ones in this region , a rare two - story structure .
new zealand ' s prime minister has a sexual harassment complaint .  a waitress at an auckland cafe complained about him repeatedly pulling on her ponytail .  the complaint was filed by an accountant described as a " serial litigant " .
transgender is an umbrella term for people whose gender identity is typically associated with their sex at birth .  bruce jenner ' s physical appearance has become more feminine in recent months .
christopher scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing serial killer jeffrey dahmer in 1994 .  scarver says he killed the serial killer twice in the head with a metal bar from a weight room .  " this was just his way  a morbid humor to deal with his hopeless situation , " the new york post says .
altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers .  the bones were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules deposited by water dripping over them for tens of thousands of years .
dan swangard wants to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain terminally ill adults .  swangard : " it ' s very real for me , but i want to be able to make that choice " .  brittany maynard , 29 , moved to oregon to take advantage of its " death with dignity " law .
anthony sideri used days like it was another person ' s life .  he began snorting heroin to feel the effects faster , he says .  sideri : " i wasn ' t getting the strong effects of oxycontin anymore " .
anthony doerr ' s " all the light we cannot see " wins the pulitzer prize for fiction .  elizabeth kolbert ' s ' the sixth extinction : an unnatural history " wins pulitzer for general nonfiction .  " between riverside and crazy , " a play by stephen adly guirgis wins the national book award .
robert kennedy jr . has apologized for the wrong things .  dean obeidallah : vaccines do not cause autism .
the international organization for migrants says there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters .  authorities still don ' t know the fate of many of the passengers , including children , who were on the ship from libya to europe .  " gangs of criminals are putting people on the road to death , really , and nothing else , " a bangladeshi survivor says .
gov .  nathan deal signs a bill that will legalize low - thc cannabis oil for certain " medication - resistant epilepsies " .  " this means the world to us , " haleigh cox ' s mother says .
5 - year - old doberman had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed .  veterinarian removed " about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces and detritus " during the endoscopy .  " it just looked like a christmas tree and i almost threw up , " mspca spokesman says .
guenter grass is best known for his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide .  he died in a clinic in the city of luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend .  grass ' novel characters are the forgotten , the downtrodden and the weird , the nobel committee says .
ustad ahmad farooq and qari abdullah mansur were killed in cia drone strikes in january .  al qaeda ' s top leader , ayman al - zawahiri , was arrested in pakistan last year .
freddie gray died sunday , one week after he was arrested by baltimore police .  police say five of the six officers involved in the arrest have provided statements to investigators .
edwin sabuhoro was a warden in rwanda ' s volcanoes national park , home to the endangered mountain gorilla .  he was determined to help poachers make a living - - a plan that didn ' t include killing wildlife .
bikram choudhury says he wants to set the record straight .  his accusers say he ' s the one who ' s been lying .
thabo sefolosha says police caused his season - ending leg injury .  he was arrested last week after leaving a nightclub in new york .  the atlanta hawks said last week he has a fractured fibula and ligament damage .
jared leto will appear in " suicide squad " .  he will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since heath ledger .
commissioner - general pierre krahenbuhl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp .  the yarmouk palestinian camp has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 .
a female employee accuses the secret service supervisor of assault after he made sexual advances at her .  a secret service spokesperson confirms that xavier morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended .  " any threats or violence that endangers our employees in the workplace is unacceptable , " he says .
robert bates pleaded not guilty to a charge of second - degree manslaughter .  bates claims he meant to stun bates with a taser after bates fled from officers .
" not at all , " toya graham tells cnn ' s " anderson cooper [ unk ) " .  " she didn ' t want me to be like another freddie gray , " she says .
dr . sanjay gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years .  he ' s presented the science directly , showing what your body on weed looks like .  readers also wanted to know why people are so against the legalization of marijuana .
the u . s . has gained much from its position as a space - faring nation , writes andrew keen .  keen says we are far too reliant on russian technology to meet our national security obligations .
u .  s . must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques .  china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces .  the so - called drone ships will be 132 feet long and likely cost about $ 20 million .
photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project " flower man " .  the market attracts more than 2 , 000 sellers each day .
beatriz paez says she was terrified when a deputy u . s . marshal walked toward her .  " i was terrified .  i was getting really scared , " she says .
police say a 37 - year - old arab motorist struck two people at a bus stop in jerusalem .  one victim , identified by police as shalom yohai cherki , died at the hospital .  a magistrate court has issued a gag order on details of the incident .
mohamed mohamud is in charge of external operations against kenya , the interior ministry says .  he is " credited with having an extensive terrorist network within kenya , " a ministry tweet says .  al - shabaab , an al qaeda - linked militant group , took responsibility for the attack , the u . s . embassy says .
tsa report : full employee screening would not " appreciably increase the overall system - wide protection " .  only two major airports in the u . s . - - miami and orlando - - require employees to be screened through metal detectors .
bob greene : it ' s hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , if not months .
former secretary of state hillary clinton announced on sunday what the political world has expected for months .  " i ' m hitting the road to earn your vote , because it ' s your time , " clinton said in a video released sunday .  clinton has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry .
the somali woman ' s baby , sabrine , was born a week after she was detained .  she is one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli .  they are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip .
vijay chokal - ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school as an indian - american .  he says he applied to schools using his middle name , jojo .
jon cryer dances to " try a little tenderness " on tuesday night ' s " late late late show " .  in the original scene , cryer lip - syncs the song as he tries to win the affection of molly ringwald ' s andie .
a new york jury will deliberate over a possible verdict against pedro hernandez .  etan patz ' s parents have waited that long for justice .
warren weinstein , 73 , was killed in a u . s . drone strike in january .  a senior pakistani official says the pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant haqqani network and the pakistani taliban .  weinstein appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda .
john t . booker jr . of topeka , kansas , was arrested in a van that contained what he thought was a bomb .  booker enlisted in the army last year and was due to ship out to basic training april 7 , 2014 .
crater of diamonds state park in murfreesboro , arkansas , is the largest found since april 16 , 2014 .  visitors get to keep what they find at the 37 . 5 - acre search field .
15 people have been arrested on suspicion of murdering the christians at sea , police say .  the original group of 105 people left libya on tuesday in a rubber boat .  the alleged assailants - - muslims from the ivory coast , mali and senegal - - threw the 12 overboard .
a swarm of asian carp emerged from creve coeur lake outside st . louis .  no rowers were injured , but the strong smell of fish raged in the moments afterward .  team member : " the fish was flopping on my legs .  it was so slippery that i couldn ' t get a grip on it " .
nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest . none of the girls rescued has been identified so far .  boko haram has been kidnapping females for years and has hundreds in their custody .
maickel melamed , 39 , is battling muscular dystrophy .  he is one of about 30 , 000 participants who raced in this year ' s marathon .
calbuco volcano has erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of 23 inches ( 60 centimeters ) new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12 , 000 feet .  in ensenada , houses , trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash .
ciudad juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world .  in 2010 , the city averaged 8 . 5 killings per day .  u . s . rep .  robert " beto " o ' rourke of texas was one of those on the tour .
ramalinga raju is the former chairman of software services exporter satyam computers services .  he was convicted of inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash .  the case has been dubbed india ' s biggest corporate scandal in memory .
michael slager is charged with murder in the death of 50 - year - old walter scott .  he faces up to life in prison or the death penalty , although a death penalty case appears unlikely .
a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in tikrit .  grieving iraqis , apparently not related to the soldiers , gathered to pray over the bodies .
florida ' s gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it .  doctors can still ask about guns while the full 11th circuit court of appeals decides whether it will take up the case .
ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years .  victor sena blood - dzraku could not be reached for comment .
chief justice john roberts is considered a key vote for challengers to the state bans .  the arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on tuesday .  supporters and opponents of same - sex marriage rallied outside .
a magnitude - 7 . 8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of kathmandu rocked nepal .  the consequences of such an earthquake had the potential to be " much more serious , " journalist kate ravilious says .  " the monsoons in a couple of months could make things worse if we don ' t sort things out before then , " he says .
photographer james oatway captured the attack on mozambican emmanuel sithole .  the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench , stabbed him with knives , all in broad daylight .  local media alleged that the attacks were a consequence of zulu king goodwill zwelithini .
jonathan crombie died from complications of a brain hemorrhage , producer says .  " it ' s a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that , " producer kevin sullivan says .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , pleads not guilty to federal charges in ohio .  he is accused of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi .
117 migrants from sub - saharan africa arrived in port of augusta , sicily , after being picked up by tugboat .  tragedy adds to death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in africa and middle east .
a series of talks wrapped up in lausanne , switzerland , as a group of world powers known as the p5 + 1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country ' s nuclear program .  the talks were historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen u . s . - iranian relationship .  the negotiations this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic .
the academy of country music awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on sunday night .  reba mcentire showed how it ' s done .
hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day .  many of the remaining record stores are succeeding by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says he sees better options than " this bad deal or war " .  gop contenders for the party ' s 2016 presidential nomination lambasted it , saying it gave iran too much flexibility .
" furious 7 " is the seventh installment of the " fast and furious " franchise .  it ' s the best f & f by far , two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart .
a growing 1 , 850 - acre wildfire started as a nonthreatening grass fire on sunday .  by monday night , the fire had burned nearly 2 , 000 acres and was 50 % contained .
robert downey jr . is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist . dean obeidallah : must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he ' d like ?
japan ' s 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the 2011 fukushima meltdowns .  a court found no " irrationalities " in new safety standards set out by the government .  the ruling could provide a fillip to the government ' s plans to bring japanese nuclear reactors back into operation .
islamist militant group al - shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .  at least 10 people were killed , including a woman and a boy , police say .  tuesday ' s bombing is at least the third high - profile attack near or at a mogadishu hotel since february .
dean obeidallah : hillary clinton ' s launch may have been more successful than critics think .
an unmanned russian spacecraft will re - enter the earth ' s atmosphere in about a week .  the progress vehicle will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between may 5 and may 7 .  russia space agency expects to launch a new progress ship in the third quarter of this year .
the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago .  the camp is made up of 4 , 000 tents and counting .  the vast majority of the occupants are from the town of sinjar .
dzhokhar tsarnaev ' s killing was " heinous , cruel and depraved , " he says .
anuradha koirala is the founder of maiti nepal and the 2010 cnn hero of the year .  she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .  the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
hillary clinton announced her run for the white house on sunday .  she said there is no better time for her to make history as the nation ' s first woman president .  clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics .
robert boardwine ' s friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant .  she thought she was entitled to be the boy ' s sole parent .  the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth ' s assisted conception statute .
a nuclear submarine is being repaired at a russian shipyard .  there is no ammunition on board , a law enforcement source says .  the fire began on a sub in the zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern russia .
education minister smriti irani was visiting a fabindia outlet when she discovered a security camera .  four employees of the store have been arrested , but its manager was still at large .
arsenal beat burnley 1 - 0 at turf moor to go second in english premier league .  aaron ramsey ' s first - half goal was enough to secure arsenal ' s hold on second place .  chelsea have two games in hand and play queens park rangers on sunday .
yuhei takashima , 64 , says he paid for sex with more than 12 , 000 women .  police seized 147 , 600 photos of his activities over the years , police say .  the sex industry is tied to human trafficking and feeds off the high poverty rate .
al - shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa , killing 147 people .  many kenyans had believed that security improved enough since the 1998 al qaeda bombing on the u . s . embassy in nairobi .  even with a wall , militants could arrive by sea to coastal towns in kenya that have been islamist strongholds .
freddie gray ' s family ' s legal team had no expectations otherwise , police commissioner says .  " i don ' t think that ' s going to happen based on the way the process works , " mayor says .  mayor stephanie rawlings - blake : " there ' s been no trial .  it cannot be the end " .
tv5monde loses control of one of its 11 channels after cyberattack .  the network ' s director says it was " hacked by an islamist group " .
model manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a new car .  former host bob barker , 91 , showed up to run his old show .
erica kinsman files lawsuit against jameis winston .  winston has said the sex was consensual .  winston is expected to be a top pick in the nfl draft .
a new consumer reports study shows 70 million passenger trips over the past two years .  southwest airlines offered the most award tickets , 11 . 9 million , and the highest percentage of award tickets of the five biggest u . s . airlines .  many jetblue customers fly the airline only once or twice per year , making it hard to accumulate them .
ryan gosling ' s first feature as director has been divisive .  gosling says detroit is at the heart of the project .
muhammadu buhari says he ' ll " rapidly give attention " to curbing violence in the northeast . the win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy .  buhari , 72 , will be sworn in on may 29 .
u .  s . officials cnn have voiced their concern about the potential for an isis presence .  a cnn cameraman says the militants are trying to recruit disillusioned taliban fighters .  they say they were religious students and deny any former association with the taliban .
cnn ' s john sutter answers the first story of climate change .
ernst haas is one of the 20th century ' s great photojournalists .  he was the subject of a museum of modern art exhibit in 1962 .  the photographers also established relationships with members of the industry .
a u . s . rc - 135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su - 27 flanker .  the pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland .
zuriel oduwole has four documentaries under her belt - - all of which focus on african issues .  her second outing , " educating and healing africa out of poverty , " looked at the creation of the african union in 1963 .
world heavyweight boxing champion wladimir klitschko tells cnn the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset .  the 43 - year - old has led the ukrainian democratic alliance for reform since 2010 .
lady antebellum singer hillary scott ' s tour bus caught fire on interstate 30 .  smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl .
" now i truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one , " valerie braham says .  braham was one of 17 people killed in january ' s terror attacks in paris .
ronen ziv ' s first child , a 15 - month - old daughter , was born to a surrogate mother in nepal .  nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children .
kenya has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up , a spokesman says .  the government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011 .
australian prime minister tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds .  abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia as recently as last year .
youtube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in " youtube spaces " .  the goal is to attract new subscribers in one of youtube ' s biggest markets .  youtube has 300 hours of video uploads per minute .
hungarian architect matyas gutai believes water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature .  gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of kecskemet , south of budapest with a grant from the eu .
linda thompson says she can " breathe a little easier " knowing her ex - husband is transgender .  jenner ' s second wife says she would not have married jenner if she had known about his " gender issue " .
l ' hermione is a replica of an 18th century french frigate that fought with the u . s . ' s founding fathers in the war of independence .  it set sail in france for virginia to retrace a journey through american history .  president obama : " the united states and france have stood united in the freedom we owe to one another " .
the jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 pieces of evidence .  some observers thought this signaled weeks of deliberations .  " it ' s the hardest thing i ' ve ever done in my life , " one juror said .
" it ' s been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us , " lesa strachan tells cnn .  " i knew of him as a football player , not a person , " she says .
mindy kaling ' s brother unveiled a project of his own .  vijay chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be african - american .  he ' s looking to write a book on his experiences .
reserve deputy robert bates is charged with second - degree manslaughter in the shooting of eric harris .  bates has said he meant to stun harris with a taser after the suspect fled from officers .
in february , the " smart bullets " passed their most successful round of live - fire tests to date .  an experienced marksman " repeatedly hit moving and evading targets , " darpa says .  the system has been developed by darpa ' s extreme accuracy tasked ordnance program .
of 195 , 000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country , only 72 , 000 didn ' t qualify .  maj .  gen .  allen batschelet said the trend is going in the wrong direction .
sofia vergara ' s ex - fiance wants to keep the two embryos from their relationship , both female .  nick loeb is suing the colombian - born actress in los angeles .  loeb says he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term .
ibrahim al - rubaish was among five killed in an airstrike in yemen , the terror group says .  he was among a number of detainees who sued the administration of then - president george w . bush .
spacex launched a two - stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo ship called dragon .  the dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4 , 300 pounds of supplies .  this is the sixth spacex mission to the international space station .
police say the teen mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with death in connection with her sister ' s death .  a search warrant was served at the family ' s home in north las vegas , nevada .
in the united states , almost 42 million adults have been married more than once .  that ' s up from 22 million in 1980 and 14 million in 1960 .
the book ' s first printing was increased from 500 , 000 to 1 million copies .  it will be the first new , original dr . seuss book since " oh , the places you ' ll go ! " in 1990 .
ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held our state back in the past . he says politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite bite .
mark goodacre : there are several good translations of the gospel of mary magdalene .
a suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan .  the taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack .
euroskeptic politician vit jedlicka says liberland is a tiny sliver of a country bigger than the vatican and monaco . he says he will grant citizenship if they can make it to the party .
amy schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night .  the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers .
homeopathic remedies are part of a $ 2 . 9 billion business that has seen " explosive growth " .  critics say the practice is " innately misleading " .
lucille ball ' s statue in celoron , new york , has been a tourist draw since 2009 .  the statue has been likened to conway twitty , the snake from " beetlejuice " and actor steve busceata .  even mayor scott schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue .
a trailer for zack snyder ' s " batman v . superman : dawn of justice " leaked online .  the footage was set to premiere in imax theaters on monday .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan ' s equivalent to the white house .  police say the drone was equipped with a small camera , smoke flares and a plastic bottle .  prime minister shinzo abe ' s push to restart the reactors is unpopular among japanese , who view nuclear energy as too dangerous .
drake performed " madonna , " a song named for the megastar off his new mixtape .  " don ' t misinterpret my shock ! ! ! " he asked moments later from the stage .  " i got to make out with the queen madonna and i feel 100 about that forever , " he said .
saudi airstrikes target a military base , injuring at least a half dozen students , officials say .  the al hamza military base was not the main target , the officials said .  the chaos in yemen has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks .
" furious 7 " earned a record $ 146 million over the weekend .  the movie ' s makers sought to retire walker ' s character , brian , while paying homage to his role in the blockbuster " furious " .  " not gonna lie , i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7 .  the tribute to paul walker was very well done , " one woman says .
steve esmond , his sons and their mother fell ill during a trip to the u . s . virgin islands .  the boys ' mother , theresa devine , was treated at a hospital and released , and is in occupational therapy .  the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity .
dash cam video shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott .  scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle .
lifetime ' s " unauthorized saved by the bell " will look at the rise of the cast . an air date for the " full house " tell - all has yet to be determined .
the bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern morocco . at least 35 people were killed in the crash .
three ferguson , missouri , city employees resigned or were fired last month .  the emails make offensive references to president obama , first lady michelle obama .  the city ' s top court clerk , mary ann twitty , was fired in connection with the emails .
hollywood has yet to cast an actual jew as jesus - - then at least inching closer .  " a . d . " and " finding jesus " are disparate projects .
cnn was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by the u . n . children ' s fund .  unicef hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies .  more than 100 , 000 yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began .
u .  s . president barack obama spoke to tom friedman from the new york times on april 4 .  he said " we will engage , but we preserve all our capabilities " .
scores of dead fish appeared in the rodrigo de freitas lagoon .  officials have launched an investigation into the causes of death .  rio de janeiro has pledged to reduce pollution in the notoriously fetid bay .
dissident blogger amos yew harangue drew international attention for his anti - lee kuan yee .  yee , a teenage video blogger , was arrested and held pending bail in singapore .  he says the government ' s use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases is the preferred method of silencing online voices .
jurors find dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .  the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides .
nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years .  the official toll now at around 1 , 500 expected to keep growing as the hours and days pass .  nepal already had one of the lowest standards of sanitation in the world before the quake .
mike rowe and chad pregracke have collected 8 . 4 million pounds of trash from u . s . waterways .  rowe founded living lands & waters in 1998 at the ripe age of 23 .
dr . anthony moschetto is charged with conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges .  his attorney calls the allegations " completely unsubstantiated " .
" running from an officer doesn ' t result in the death penalty , " brother says .  michael slager , 50 , pulled over for a faulty brake light .
koch brothers are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions .  writers : " ban the box " doesn ' t prohibit background checks , it only postpones them until later in the hiring process .  nearly one in three adults in america has an arrest or conviction history that undermines their ability to be considered for jobs .
mario valencia , 36 , faces 15 charges , including shoplifting and not armed robbery .  police say the gun should have been wrapped through the lever twice , not once .
five years after the spill , the long - term negative effects remain unclear .  bp says it ' s too soon to make conclusions about the rebounding health of the gulf .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the aclu of southern california says it is " deeply troubled " by the images .  francis pusok , a suspect in the incident , was kicked 17 times and hit with a baton four times .  the fbi says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated .
nearly 12 million parents in the united states are raising kids on their own .  do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .
the bill also includes a two - year extension of a popular children ' s health insurance program .  some conservative senators balked at the more than $ 200 billion price of the bill .
dennis kimetto has seen his agent banned from working in kenya for six months .  the netherlands ' volare sports and italy ' s rosa & associati also banned .  rosa & jeptoo was banned for two years after testing positive for epo .
chief secretary to the treasury caught on camera knocking back drinks .  the pair were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday .  it is part of the nip festival , which celebrates gins and whiskies of the highlands .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property in accrington to rot .  the house was left in a state of disrepair for three years .  rodgers and his business partner judith o ' hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by hyndburn council .  local neighbours and former tenants of the property have criticised the failure to maintain the property .
james haskell posted a photo of his inner iron man on instagram .  the london wasps captain returned to wasps for the 2012 season .  haskell has surpassed the 100 appearance mark for wasps .
half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment , a poll suggests .  ed miliband said his comments were ' disgusting ' and nick clegg said they were ' politics of the lowest form ' .
a woman was rescued from her car at zetland in sydney ' s inner - east . she was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work .  she appeared safe and calm as police and fire and rescue crews assisted .  the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after just two days of clear skies and transformed parts of sydney into snowfields .
mike holpin , 56 , says he wants more children because it is ' god ' s will ' .
luis suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside lionel messi and neymar at barcelona .  the uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions since joining the club this season .  barca face paris saint - germain in the champions league semi - finals on tuesday .
the video was captured at whipsnade zoo in bedfordshire .  it shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path .  as the first three elephants move from the shot , the fourth is flanked by a baby .
robert durst , 72 , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case , remains jailed without bond in louisiana .  he was arrested in march the day before the finale of his hbo docu - series the jinx .  authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room .
harry kane will play for england ' s under 21s at this summer ' s european championships .  the 21 - year - old will join up with the junior squad when he returns from tottenham ' s post - season trip to malaysia and australia .  ross barkley and raheem sterling will be excused from the championships .
manny pacquiao is continuing his preparations for the bout with floyd mayweather on may 2 .  the pair will slug it out at the mgm grand in las vegas at the beginning of next month in a $ 300million showdown .  mayweather posted a video showing the american boxing star hitting the streets for a late night jog .
stephen munden , 54 , was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire .  he was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching a toddler .  officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who suffers from learning difficulties - and have released images of him with both facial hair and a clean shave .  he is described as about 5ft 8ins tall , of a heavy build , and has dark hair .
lorient climbed clear of the ligue 1 relegation zone with a 5 - 3 win at marseille .  jordan ayew and francois bellugou scored for the breton side .  it was their first win in five games in a poor run of five games .
uno , a full - grown dalmatian , and louie , a three - week old kitten , were together at home in spokane , washington , earlier this month .  louie ' s mother , whom the family adopted at the same time as the kitten , looks on approvingly .  according to the pogue family , their dog has a great track record with kittens .
chiropractor gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother ' s arms after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents .  the transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in butte , montana , in 1920s .  most of the children who were victims of this crime have now aged , have families and have forged their own lives .  they have joined together to form a group called gertie ' s babies who have been using dna to trace their biological families .
glenn ford , 65 , was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release from prison in angola last year .  he was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home but shook his hand .  stroud , who wished ford the best before leaving the home , said he could not forgive him for what he had done as a young lawyer .
barbie is the 96th image to come up on google images when you enter the search term ' ceo ' , after rows and rows of grinning suit - clad men .  several high - powered women , including chelsea clinton , have re - tweeted the results of the search , which is being seen by many as a sad reflection on the general state of women in the workplace .
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson of port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process .  but in june 2014 they discovered his name was james christian aggeles , according to the suit , after the company inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails .  he is said to have schizophrenia , has spent time in jail and dropped out of college .
new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child ' s mother .  investigators located the infant ' s head along with two blood - soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in orange township .  the baby , who was named ' emma grace ' by a local church , was discovered by a recommunity recycling facility employee .
norwich beat sheffield wednesday 2 - 0 at carrow road .  bradley johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season .  the canaries are now in the championship ' s top two for the first time since october .
more than 7million front lawns in britain have now been paved over .  the rhs is calling for people to plant hedges , trees and flowers to turn the uk green again .  the society has launched a three year ' greening grey britain ' campaign to transform 6 , 000 unloved grey , concrete spaces into planted - up areas .
bayern munich captain philipp lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle .  franck ribery , arjen robben and javi martinez are all out .  pep guardiola will be without a number of his first - team stars .
england fans sang anti - ira songs during tuesday ' s friendly with italy .  there is no suggestion that the fans pictured in the chants .  there will be the issue of provocation , the potential to engage with a city that has traditionally been a political hotspot .
david cameron visited bristol and bath science park at 4 . 40pm .  he was looking straight into a merciless , piercing , armpit - moistening sun .  strategists with precious plans have plotted every minute of every low - risk day .
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered the elderly woman ' s accounts .  he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits .  he has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft .
liverpool host newcastle united at anfield in the premier league on monday .  mamadou sakho will miss the game with a hamstring injury .  martin skrtel and steven gerrard must serve the final match of their bans .
iona costello , 51 , and her 14 - year - old daughter emily , from greenport , were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport .  their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts .  relatives of the family , who own a horse farm on long island ' s north fork , reported them missing on tuesday .
rafael nadal beat john isner 6 - 4 7 - 6 ( 8 / 6 ) 4 - 6 6 - 2 in the monte carlo masters .  roger federer was knocked out by gael monfils in straight sets .  nadal will now face grigor dimitrov in the semi - finals .
steve webb said over - 55s ' don ' t have to rush this ' and insisted there was ' a case for waiting and seeing ' .  he said april 6 was the ' starting gun ' and not a ' deadline ' .  but he added : ' we want people to make informed choices .  this isn ' t a mad rush rush to do something this morning ' .
lisa morgan , 40 , altered the site she had set up for former boyfriend sean meade , 45 , to claim he had been unfaithful .  she said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night , not returning home .  the couple met after they got chatting on a flight home from turkey in august .
the pentagon said tuesday it would exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and marines killed when the uss oklahoma sank in 1941 .  hundreds were buried as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific - also known as the punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in honolulu .
sue sim came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt .  she said she was ' sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family .  it was announced last month she was to be investigated by her police and crime commissioner ' s office for alleged misconduct .
trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom .  ellie accepted the promposal and said she can ' t wait to go dress shopping ' because i ' ve only told about a million people ! ' .
phil haste , 60 , was told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car .  he was also told he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard .  torbay council said it was not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences .
social services minister scott morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don ' t vaccinate their children .  the change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government ' s pocket .  currently around 39 , 000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases .  some experts are worried the move won ' t bolster immunisation rates .
scientists at jyvaskyla university in finland have long suspected the role played by eye - spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry .  recently researchers suggested that the eye spots may simply scare away predators by confusing them or overloading their senses .  but a new piece of research by biologists claims to have settled the debate .
natasha willard was diagnosed with encephalitis , an inflammation of the brain .  the 17 - year - old was studying for her a - levels at college when she fell ill .  her family are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again .
stewards threw out the group who were attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy .  a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying matt busby ' s talented young side crashed during a take - off attempt from munich after refuelling .  police praised the ' overwhelming majority ' of fans at the clash after just eight arrests were made .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on a season - long loan last summer .  the colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury .  nabil dirar has revealed that the former atletico madrid striker was not happy in france but thinks he would have been better off staying at monaco .
the families of new york city police detectives wenjian liu and rafael ramos threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets ' home opener at citi field .  new england patriots quarterback tom brady also threw a first pitch , at fenway park in boston - but didn ' t do himself proud .  the nypd families were joined by mayor bill de blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny .
carlisle united lost 3 - 1 at accrington stanley on saturday .  the cumbrians are without a win in five games in league two .  keith curle has launched a scathing attack on his side .  he said some players ' don ' t deserve to be professionals ' .
the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie .  cars are filmed turning around in the road and driving back to escape .  wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19 , with the death toll this week climbing to 30 and leaving 500 injured .  the initial cost of the damage caused by the wildfires has been put at around $ 96million ( 64million )
jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator ' s barriers at the london marathon .  the 23 - year - old removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing .  he then has a sip of water and after saying his goodbye ' s heads back into the pack of runners and carries on with the race .  jordan was running the race to help raise funds for the salvation army , who provide accommodation for homeless people .
kim hill , from suffolk , was abused by her step - father derek osborne .  at the age of nine derek forced kim to dress up in her mother ' s lingerie .  he forced her to watch porn films and even attacked her two days after her 12th birthday while taking her out for a celebratory meal .  kim ' s biological father died when she was young and she was aged three .
abedin had last surfaced on monday at an ohio chipotle restaurant when she and clinton popped in for lunch .  on tuesday she was photographed walking toward ' scooby , ' the now - famous customized black van that secret service agents have driven 1 , 000 miles since sunday .  abedin has known clinton since 1996 , when she scored a white house internship working for the then - first lady .
vulcan will use new engines , mid - air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on - orbit manoeuvres . company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow spacex ' s launch of falcon 9 , which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable .
activated charcoal is thought to act as a ' detox ' .  are you the first to jump on the latest food fad bandwagon ?
jurgen klopp will step down as borussia dortmund manager on june 30 .  the 47 - year - old will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .  dortmund are preparing for their home bundesliga match with paderborn .
rebecca adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child .  the 26 - year - old has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit .  says she ' s now ' craving stodge ' and wants to ' feel like myself again ' .
wonga has been hit by new rules on payday lending , as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters .  chairman andy haste says the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company ' s reputation .  the number of wonga ' s customers in the uk fell by nearly half , with the company making 2 . 5million loans in the course of 2014 compared to 3 . 7million the year before .
kira hollis , 27 , was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago .  she had been self - harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts .  at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight and deemed underweight .  doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight .  now a healthy 9 . 5st , ms hollis says bodybuilding changed her life .
aidan coleman rides well - backed the druids nephew on the neil mulholland - trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month ' s cheltenham festival .  the eight - year - old is a 12 - 1 shot for the 1million steeplechase .  coleman ' s two latest rides in the race have seen him unseated from a hampered the rainbow hunter .
more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments in 2007 and 2008 global crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent .  if they had resisted the temptation to sell , the same pot would be worth 141 , 000 today provided they had not spent any of the cash .  it comes days before retirees in britain are given the power to decide how to spend their life savings for the first time ever in the biggest shake - up of pensions for almost a century .
lee joon - seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the sewol .  but this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his ' willful negligence ' .  the 6 , 825 - tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast last year , killing 304 people .  most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip .
luke shambrook , 11 , was last seen on the national park at 9 . 30am on good friday .  he has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park , with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius .  his family says he is ' fascinated ' by water but can not swim .  campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses volunteers in the search of thick bushland .
kelly watson , 41 , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co - ordination .  despite regular trips to gps , it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young .  after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early - onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year .  now she is terrified of forgetting her 17 - year - old daughter , holly .
dr george hamilton , the chief apostle of the w . o . r . d . ministries in summerville , south carolina , launched an attack on officer michael slager .  he said : ' it ' s one thing to have a loved one die .  .  and see how they died ' .
dr arye shimron says he has ' confirmed ' the existence of a tomb belonging to jesus and his son in jerusalem .  after running 150 chemical tests , an expert claims to have linked the james ossuary to the long disputed ' jesus family tomb ' in the city  s east talpiot neighbourhood .  the research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that jesus was married , fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place .
world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out giving a season - long wildcard to reanne evans .  the 10 - time winner of the ladies ' world championship saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty .  doherty , the 1997 world champion , led the calls for evans to be handed another chance on the main tour .
four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .  oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .  dna testing on the bed ' s timber proved it once belonged to king henry vii , and he traced it to 1495 , when henry vii went to lathom in lancashire .
oxford dominated cambridge in the 161st men ' s boat race in 87 years .  female crews representing oxford and cambridge rowed the same stretch for the first time in the 87 years they have competed .  president constantine louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the dark blues , completing a clean sweep only interrupted by claiming bronze with team gb ' s eight at london 2012 .
sid ahmed ghlam , 24 , shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti - terrorist officers in paris on sunday morning .  dna evidence also reportedly links him to the murder of aurelie chatelain , 33 , who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car park in villejuif , paris .  police found kalashnikov assaultrifle , sig - sauer automatic pistol , and bulletproof vests in his car .
this happens when the sun - lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide .  study authors fear that the planet today could suffer from similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels .  the rocks are now exposed on the queen charlotte islands , off the coast of british columbia , canada .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone on last night ' s episode of married at first sight .
borussia dortmund ' s nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ' great bid ' .  the former real madrid and liverpool midfielder attracted interest from the gunners in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s .  sahin spent five months on loan at liverpool while at real madrid .
eden hazard is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award .  former manchester united midfielder paul scholes believes hazard needs to be more ruthless to be compared with the world ' s best players .  hazard has scored 13 goals and making eight assists in 32 appearances .
hostility between the women meant they would never be able to make rational decisions about how to deal with the 97 - year - old widow ' s property .  the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire .  she owns a 600 , 000 house , has savings and shares worth about 100 , 000 , and has an income of around 1 , 200 a month .
bradley neil missed the cut on his masters debut at augusta national .  the 19 - year - old carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par .  neil played with fellow countryman sandy lyle .
tiger woods completed 11 holes of practice at augusta national on monday .  the 39 - year - old has not won a major since the 2008 us open in 2008 .  woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career - worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury .  the 14 - time major winner is returning from a self - imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form .
chelsea are set to follow tottenham ' s lead and take part in a friendly down under in june .  the blues could face sydney at the anz stadium on june 2 .  jose mourinho has been discussing post - season plans with the chelsea board .  harry kane ' s whereabouts in june is undecided , although it appears he will play for england under 21s .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
the vaccine is designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells .  it is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that ' s found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers .  animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate immune system .  then , should the cancer reappear , the antibodies will be dispatched to attack the malignant cells .  men with a psa of less than three months are at high risk of dying .
admiral mike mullen , former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , allegedly told three comrades of bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter .  the claims mean that mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away from the army and was guilty of desertion .
nasa scientists in california have revealed an interactive 3d map for vesta using images from the dawn spacecraft .  called vesta trek , the interactive programme lets you explore massive craters on the body - which has no atmosphere , and thus no protection like our own earth .  vesta , discovered in 1807 , is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet ceres .
ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson ' s england squad last month .  the 25 - year - old was one of three southampton players in action that night .  bertrand hopes to prove his worth to manager roy hodgson .
kamron taylor , 23 , was caught in south side , chicago , with a loaded gun on friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name ' gertrude ' tattooed to his neck .  he is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the kankakee county sheriff ' s office .  taylor was awaiting sentencing for the june 2013 murder of nelson williams jr . but on tuesday he attacked a guard and fled in disguise .
kim jong - un allegedly scaled the 9 , 000ft high mount paektu near the chinese border , before telling troops at its peak that the climb was like ' nuclear weapons ' .
sunderland lost 5 - 1 to celtic in the old firm derby in 1998 .  dick advocaat failed to recognise the significance of the fixture .  the 67 - year - old is still considering starting adam johnson in the wear - tyne derby .  the black cats are one point above the relegation zone and could be in the bottom three by kick - off .  click here for all the latest sunderland news .
court records show he was $ 7 , 500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments .  his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop .  but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 .
tom o ' carroll attended a hacked off rally in houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation .  the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone - hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the  biased and unfair  independent press standards organisation .  it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press , as recommended by the leveson inquiry .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .  thomas muller scored the fourth goal of the tournament to secure their place in the last four .  the 25 - year - old is the highest - scoring german since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 .
west brom chairman jeremy peace will only sell the club to a buyer .  tony pulis is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained .  peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia .
channel seven ' s sunday night will tell the story of ivan milat ' s first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution , before going on to butcher seven backpackers .  milat was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw .  former detective paul gordon tells the program the evidence uncovered is ' unbelievable ' and ' incredible ' .
the little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , is shown on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers , just behind the large machine gun .  as she fires the gun , she holds up four fingers while boasting : ' kill , kill ' .  however , it is unclear exactly what the girl is shooting at in the minute - long video , which has only recently emerged on social networks .  in more horrific videos , isis have claimed to be using children as executioners .
terence crawford beat thomas dulmorme in the sixth round of the wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth - round technical knockout .  crawford remained undefeated , winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight since moving up in class .  he is scheduled to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award from the boxing writers association of america .
rangers are currently second in the scottish championship .  the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship .  stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games in the play - offs .
patrick kramer is a 33 - year - old artist from springville , utah .  his technique involves building layers of oil paint on a board or canvas .  this allows him to add controlled detail and subtle shadowing .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect .  regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped .
the shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub since it wandered up to the gate at their home in tulun , russia .  the bear , nicknamed mishutka , will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family .  wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear into the home .
russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol .  the punishment will not take effect until may because of a separate incident in which fans abused zenit st petersburg .  torpedo ' s previous three racism offenses all involved nazi chants against opposition players .
five time emmy - winning actress candice bergen , now 68 , confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years .  in her new memoir , a fine romance , she reveals that her father , edgar bergen , best known for as ventriloquist who ' s sidekick was dummy charlie mccarthy .
prince george ' s first year - which boosted the economy by 247m - is anything to go by .  the term ' the prince george effect ' was coined just three days after his birth when the 20 printed white aden + anais cloth sold out almost instantly .  within 48 hours of being seen for the first time , the 44 . 95 wrap had sold out , while traffic to the brand ' s website shot up by 1 , 960 per cent .
jamie silvonek , 14 , is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed .  she was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia .  her boyfriend , caleb barnes , 20 , who is from el paso , texas , is charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy .
middlesbrough defender ben gibson is dreaming of a return to the premier league for his boyhood club .  the 22 - year - old has been linked with a move away from his uncle ' s club .  gibson ' s uncle , boro chairman steve gibson , has overseen some of the most significant times in the club ' s history .  he helped save the teessiders from norwich in 1986 and reach the final of the uefa cup in 2006 .
images show clean - up crews entering rubbish - strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days .  but police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies , the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life .  in rapidly ageing japan , more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million people .
the video was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria , on friday .  it has already garnered hundreds of thousands of view on social media .  huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed , though their venom is not considered dangerous for humans .
loretta burroughs , 63 , was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband , danny burroughs .  she was arrested in may 2013 after danny burroughs ' body parts were found at his wife ' s home in ventnor , new jersey .  mrs burroughs told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to florida in august 2007 .
the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each club , using their followers as an indicator of allegiance .  fans can toggle the map to view their club ' s support worldwide and compare their club with a rival .  arsenal have strong support in london and the south east and actually have more followers in the backyards of rivals chelsea and tottenham .
michelle , 27 , unveils new fashion range for lipsy .  has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons .  says she can ' t believe how successful they ' ve been .
dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti - ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date .  he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks .  he also makes sure he is administered with vaccines as soon as they are available .
sandra garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc .  doctors told her husband she was ' popping out ' on good friday .  hours later her body was found at the cornbow shopping centre in halesowen .
queens park rangers face west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester to close the season .  chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins from the last five games .  ramsey ' s side are in the drop zone of the premiers premier league .
gang used power tool to cut through concrete wall of secured vault .  they ransacked 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins .  police are offering a 20 , 000 reward for information leading to arrest .
eric lee gates and his adult daughter , chalena mae moody , had asked appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care .  the baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in oregon .  moody , 25 , was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars .
2 , 700 tourists were rushed off liverty island in new york ' s harbor today .  911 caller said he was ' going to blow up ' the landmark .  police sniffer dogs seized a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed back to portland from massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop .  when clint tried to get out the car , he couldn ' t do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt .  his wife bonnie , 67 , posted the two - minute clip on facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather jnr in las vegas on may 2 .  the film opened in philippine cinemas on wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the us and canada later this month .  director paul soriano spent two years researching the film .
robin van persie snr filmed scoring with a ' scorpion kick ' in his back garden .  the seven - year - old has trained with both manchester clubs and starred in a bt sport advert .  the youngster has 14 months left on his 250 , 000 - a - week contract at old trafford .
mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham ' s top four hopes .  spurs ' chances of qualifying for next season ' s champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa .  spurs defender kyle walker is a major doubt for the premier league .
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to dunblane cathedral , where murray married long - term girlfriend kim sears .  mr jack , a father - of - three , collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of andy murray ' s wedding rehearsal yesterday .  he was found to be unconscious and taken to forthblane , near falkirk , where he is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma .
sheila secker , 78 , had been given the pay - as - you - go phone by her son .  as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off .  mrs secker died in hospital on new year ' s day .
wayne kyle , the father of american sniper chris kyle , gave his first interview on thursday since the end of the trial of his son ' s killer .  chris kyle and chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 .  routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without parole in february .
christy mack , 23 , claims mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one - year relationship .  she is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting for her life .
scientists at the university of wisconsin - la crosse have warned bikram yoga can raise a person ' s body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels .  a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40c ( 105f ) , with 40 per cent humidity .  scientists advise that the standard 90 - minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks .
sami khedira is being courted by several clubs including manchester united and chelsea .  the germany international has not played as often as he would have liked at real madrid since last summer ' s world cup .  manchester city striker stevan jovetic hopes to have a clearer idea later on wednesday .
insurers are dodging the rules that ban them from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs done mainly by women .  stephen mcdonald , of newcastle university business school , found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers .  someone who tells their insurer they are a 21 - year - old dental nurse is likely to get car insurance for 10 per cent less than they would have done in 2011 .
carles puyol is said to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football for a lucrative end - of - career spell in qatar or the united states .  the 36 - year - old retired last may after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury that had troubled him .  the centre back had hinted on his retirement that he would consider a return to the game had it not been for the knee injury .
us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter .  plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change - resistant cocoa plants .  more than five million cocoa farmers and their families rely on cocoa for their livelihoods around the world .
jason gillespie has been appointed the new coach of adelaide strikers .  the 39 - year - old has signed a two - year deal with the south australian franchise .  gillespie played in 71 tests and 97 one - day internationals for australia .
jihadi group claims responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours .  us air base near kabul and military outposts in nuristan were targeted .  no casualties have been reported but the taliban have been waging an jihadi insurgency since they were forced out of power in late 2001 .
purvi patel , 33 , of granger , indiana , was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent .  she took abortion drugs from hong kong online to cause a miscarriage .  ms patel told medics she had delivered a baby in her home in mishawaka , indiana .  after arriving at the hospital , she denied that she had even been pregnant .
scientists have joined these individual 30 to 60 mile ( 50 to 100km ) wide strips to create a single complete 3d map .  the new map allows astronomers to ' stand ' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet .  the first mosaic , pieced together by the german aerospace center , comprises 1 . 4 million square miles ( 2 . 3 million square km ) of the surface .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars .  he has been adopted by his old caseworker connie bell going and her adopted son , taylor , 14 .  she admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family , but she said it was worth it .
jose mourinho felt like he was british when andy murray won wimbledon .  the chelsea manager was given a tour of sw19 as part of a new deal between jaguar and the all england lawn tennis club .  murray beat novak djokovic in straight sets to win britian ' s first men ' s championship in 77 years .
david templeton made his first appearance in almost three months last weekend .  the rangers winger is part of a guard of honour to recognise the success of his former club .  templeton says he has no regretful thoughts of what it would be like to still be a hearts player .
tomas berdych beat gael monfis 6 - 1 , 6 - 4 to reach monte carlo masters final .  the sixth - seed will face either rafael nadal or novak djokovic in the final .  monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set .
the 20 - day - old ' spider goat ' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs .  it has become a star animal in china since it was born 20 days ago .
music lovers paid nearly 40 to see singer perform in canterbury last night .  he spent just a few minutes on stage , playing two of his songs .  club chemistry said they would seek a refund from tinie ' s management .
lauren hill , 19 , was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable brain cancer .  she became dizzy following a basketball game in lawrenceburg , indiana .  she was told she would not live past december but died four months later .  the tumour is found on the brain stem and can cause double vision and difficulty controlling facial expressions .  hill played with her college team at mount st joseph university in cincinnati to raise $ 1 . 5million for research into childhood cancer .
at least 17 climbers , including three americans , and many sherpas , died as a result of the avalanche that has killed 2 , 500 across the himalayas .  some people managed to survive , but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued .
puffin was spotted swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month .  it was more commonly seen in iceland and the north atlantic .  the bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket before being handed to a specialist centre in dorset to recuperate .
yaya toure was part of a five - man wall when jason puncheon stepped up to double crystal palace ' s lead at selhurst park on monday .  sportsmail columnist jamie carragher feels toure did not do enough to prevent the winner .
former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders made headlines last week .  she said : ' we ' dated  fleetingly in 2004 .  very costly few weeks it turns out ' .  miss flanders , 46 , accused media of ' raking over ' mr miliband ' s past .
biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem studied the cephlopods movement .  they found that the orientation of the creature ' s body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain .  octopuses have a long , detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself .
a wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to a wombat .  the wombat had no idea what he was in for as he approached the wallaby .  onlookers were shocked by the encounter but it looks like there ' s no bad blood .
model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre - crafted messages .  women are told they are ' vital to the success of the british economy ' .  women told to praise teachers as ' the best we have ever had ' .
lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip .  it is the first time since late 2013 that ukip has failed to outpoll the liberal democrats .  the poll is the latest bad news for mr farage ' s faltering election campaign .  voters are more likely to trust the conservatives than labour .
tate britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of an export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting  beaching a boat , brighton  was legitimately brought to britain .  the 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called karola fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from budapest to zurich , including one by constable identified as fishing boat .
winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from fear of facing manchester city .  city had won their last five games against west ham  by an aggregate score of 14 - 1 - in dominant style .  reid hopes to reach the peak of english football after signing a new six - year contract at west ham .
damon muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating .  the 11 - year - old was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis in november .  jdm effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of damon ' s body , including his thighs , hips , buttocks , chest , shoulders and upper arms . he has already been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat .
the fbi and nypd announced on wednesday that up to $ 115 , 000 was available for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station .  officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates .  the fbi said the case remained a top priority of the fbi  s joint terrorism task force due to the seriousness of the crime .
kim richards , 50 , was arrested at the beverly hills hotel on april 16 .  she admitted to dr phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter brooke ' s house .  the reality star was out of control when she refused to come out because she was ' angry and frightened ' .
joe burgess scored his first super league hat - trick as wigan beat st helens 40 - 22 .  the sydney winger scored three of the warriors ' seven tries .  it was a ninth successive defeat for shaun wane ' s men .  wakefield gave a debut to widnes loanee prop ben kavanagh .
prime minister used a selfie stick to take a photograph with staff at pirate fm .  selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm .  mr cameron travelled to the south west on the sleeper train .
the custom - made piano was created for an ' influential sheikh ' in doha , qatar .  it features half a million swarovski crystals which shine in different colours .  the company typically produces pianos priced between 100 , 000 and 1million .
jordan almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead .  his family drove him to brentwood ' s john muir hospital .  officers put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home .  the day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
' john ' posted advert in window of local newsagents in muswell hill .  it reads : ' contact .  .  .  or call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs ' .  unfortunately , john did not specify what the ' craft ' referred to was .
livingston face hibernian in the scottish championship on wednesday .  stuart mccall believes his side ' s main promotion rivals could drop points .  rangers were knocked out of the william hill scottish cup by falkirk .
molly wood , 74 , died after the burgundy kia venga had its engine running .  the pensioner ' s sister , 70 , who was about to buy a pay and display ticket , was also injured .  emergency services , including an air ambulance , were called but she died at the scene .
mirreyes are often the sons and daughters of the members of mexican high society .  they post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name .
jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay .  the 25 - year - old right hander is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow .  mejia will not be able to play again until at least july .
derry mathews has won the interim wba lightweight title .  richar abril and ismael barroso both pulled out of a fight .  mathews was handed a unanimous points decision over tony luis .
jermain defoe posted a photo on his instagram page of him enjoying a game of basketball on wednesday .  the england striker has scored just three goals in 11 league games .  defoe and his team - mates fell to a humiliating 4 - 1 loss against crystal palace in their last match of the season .  the black cats are in the middle of a relegation battle and sit only three points above the drop zone .  click here for all the latest sunderland news .
saracens beat clermont auvergne 12 - 11 to reach champions cup semi - final .  marcelo bosch landed a long - range penalty in the final act of sunday ' s showdown with racing metro .  mark mccall believes neutral territory offers saracens hope of reaching the final .
large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works .  every single major artery on britain ' s railways was shut down .  no trains ran between england and scotland or wales on the east coast .
by last night , 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a  change in course  the new names will heap pressure on labour , which has struggled to come forward with notable numbers of business supporters .
diego costa aggravated a hamstring problem in chelsea ' s 2 - 1 win over stoke .  the spain striker has been ruled out for up to the next four weeks .  jose mourinho hopes to have costa back for their final four games of the season .
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career .  the portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move within four points of their great rivals .  ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with a header against rayo vallecano . the 30 - year - old has scored 99 goals under carlo ancelotti in just 89 games .
katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant .  doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs .  as her health continues to decline , her husband dalton , 23 , who has already received new lungs , is pleading for help .  her insurance company , kentucky medicaid , will not pay for the out - of - state - treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center .
joe root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman .  root has been superb in his middle - order role , and should not be moved up the batting card card card when he is going so well at five .
barcelona beat psg 2 - 0 at the camp nou on tuesday night .  andres iniesta scored his first - half goal in the champions league quarter - final .  the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season .  neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for barcelona .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
researchers in massachusetts believe a person ' s keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills .  the brain ' s primary motor cortex sends signals through several other brain regions , including the supplementary motor area , cerebellum , and basal ganglia .  these brain areas activate spinal neurons that stimulate muscles to execute the movement .  many factors can interfere with motor ability , including sleep deprivation .
linda thompson , 64 , tweeted a message of support just hours before bruce ' s interview with diane sawyer is set to air on abc .  it ' s the first public comment the former beauty queen has made about his rumored transition from male to female .
jose mourinho always finds a way to win and has a brilliant record against wenger .  chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal .  martin keown and wenger go back a long way to change the record .
binge drinking as a teenager can cause long - lasting damage into adulthood .  alcohol changes genes in brain cells , which stop cells developing connections between them , altering behaviour , they said .  however , a cancer drug may be able to reverse the damage .
kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday .  the finn is confident ferrari can catch and regularly beat their rivals .  sebastian vettel finished on the podium for the third time this season .
horry county police said the mother , who will be identified once she is formally charged , turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television .  the baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside a tied plastic bag by austin detray on thursday afternoon .  the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition , and the woman is currently in the custody of the social services department .
gary ballance scored 122 as england took firm control of the first test . ballance ' s 122 was the mainstay of england ' s 333 for seven declared .  west indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after chris jordan slip catch .
robert gentile , 78 , appeared in federal court in hartford , connecticut , on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent .  his attorney , ryan mcguigan , said the arrest was a ruse to pressure gentile to speak about the biggest art heist in u . s . history .  the thieves stole two rembrandts , the storm on the sea of galilee , believed to be the only seascape the master painted , and a lady and gentleman in black .
marlon samuels sent ben stokes a military - style salute on thursday .  the west indian all - rounder unbeaten under his breath as he walked past samuels before the close of the third day .  england closed on 373 for six , a lead of 74 , thanks to an outstanding 118 from joe root .  curtly said the gesture was seen as good ' banter ' by geoffrey boycott in commentary for bbc ' s test special .
joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , wisconsin , was arrested wednesday night at o ' hare international airport in chicago after returning from a flight from turkey .  he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization .
tim ward and his wife of 38 years , brandy , were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland .  tim , who broke his pelvis , was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface .  a week later , he was informed he did not have ' landslide insurance ' - and did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage .
louis van gaal and his players met ill supporters on behalf of the manchester united foundation on monday .  the trio , along with ashley young and michael carrick , also visited the sick children and adults .  the dutchman felt aggrieved at what he perceived to be a foul on falcao by john terry in the build - up of the eden hazard ' s strike at stamford bridge .
openly - gay high school junior , anthony martinez , was over - joyed when his straight guy friend jacob lescenski came up with an extra special promposal idea .  martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ' yes ' and excited hug .  just the day before he ' d launched a plea for a prom date on twitter .
kestutis martuzevicius , 52 , is wanted for 22 crimes in lithuania .  he is accused of two murders , robbery and extortion when he was a member of the feared daktarai gang .  in january last year , he was admitted to broadmoor on health grounds .  but by june last year his condition had improved and he was returned to belmarsh prison .  judges at european court of human rights criticised his ' manifestly ill - founded ' case .
prime minister said he was a west ham fan despite supporting aston villa .  he said : ' i ' m a villa fan .  .  .  must have been overcome by something .  .  this morning ' .  west ham were quick to respond after tweeting cameron to vote for his favourite player with the message : ' don ' t forget to vote in another important election ! who is your hammer of the year , prime minister ? ' .
ravel morrison posted a picture of himself in his new lazio bathrobe .  the 22 - year - old is currently training with serie a side lazio .  morrison was released from west ham ' s last contract at west ham .
south glasgow university hospital opened today with fleet of robots delivering linen , a children ' s cinema and helicopter landing pad .  ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers ' money ' shovelled ' to holyrood .
promise tamang has turned herself into maleficent , angelina jolie ' s character from the movie of the same name .  the mother - of - six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones .  she has previously made videos of herself as elsa from frozen and princess jasmine from aladdin .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by the end of the year .  she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .  andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .  the australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final kfc bucket meal .
floyd mayweather is widely considered to be the current pound - for - pound no 1 .  but he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport .  mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in their $ 300 million mega - fight on may 2 .
paulo dybala has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season .  the 21 - year - old has also attracted interest from manchester united , arsenal , paris saint - germain and atletico madrid .  juventus have offered 23million for the striker .
liverpool lost 4 - 1 to arsenal in the fa cup quarter - final at ewood park .  brendan rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats by manchester united and arsenal .  the merseyside club have seven premier league games to go .
cleveland cavaliers forward kevin love injured his left shoulder during the first half of the nba playoffs against the boston celtics on sunday .  boston celtics center kelly olynyk was charged with a non - shooting foul .  love has criticized his opponent for what he called a ' bush - league play ' .
the dax internet addiction treatment centre ( iatc ) has so far welcomed 6 , 000 young , mostly male patients .  claims to have  cured  75 per cent of them .  centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin .  many have back and eyesight problems due to spending up to 14 hours a day staring at screens .
roads around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour , with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour .  severe weather in missouri produced reports of more than 3 inches of rainfall near augusta west of st . louis .
the 120 piece ready - to - wear collection was inspired by seventies model veruschka and the 1970s period in marrakech .
poets house is a three - minute walk from the cathedral in genteel ely .  there are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds .  the main dining room is a more formal , carpeted affair with crisp , white tablecloths and then perfectly cooked steaks .
golden state warriors beat new orleans pelicans 123 - 119 in overtime .  stephen curry scored 40 points , including a 3 - pointer in the final seconds of regulation .  chicago are also on course for a sweep after a 113 - 106 double overtime win against milwaukee .
david cameron will tell voters in england that new powers could impact their lives .  he will call the idea the ' carlisle principle ' to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the uk .  there has been growing resentment in england and wales at the  apartheid  between those living north and south of the border in areas such as healthcare and university fees .  mr cameron will insist the plan will not stop the scottish government taking the decisions it wants .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace ' s first goal ( 2 ) but the speed of it made it unbelievably hard for him to put too much blame on assistant john brooks .
christine lillico , 47 , was trusted with looking after her elderly parents ' bank accounts .  but instead of using the money to care for john and audrey air , she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle .  by the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of 78 , 000 .  a judge has now sent her to jail and ordered she pay her brother 39 , 000 - which would have been his inheritance has she not stolen .
seven - bedroom tudor stone mansion in scarsdale , new york , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california .  real estate heir robert durst , 71 , appeared in a new orleans court on thursday to defend his possession of a gun .  but realtors have glossed over the coincidence , and the checkered past involving durst ' s mother ' s apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 .
green lamborghini and red ferrari are believed to have been racing through the underpass in beijing when the drivers lost control and crashed .  both drivers have been charged by the local public security bureau with dangerous driving .  the crash occurred two hours before ' fast and furious 7 ' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in china .
the i love lucy statue in celoron , new york , was unveiled in 2009 .  a host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world .  louis tussaud ' s waxwork museum in ontario canada was described as the world ' s worst waxworks museum because so many of its models looked nothing like the people they were supposed to represent .
simon mignolet was dropped ' indefinitely ' by liverpool manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury .  the 27 - year - old told how he tried to remain upbeat despite the disappointment at being axed .
tiger woods has dropped out of the world ' s top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years .  colin montgomerie has said it would be a ' disaster for everyone ' if he wins the masters .  woods has won the masters on four separate occasions .
democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , were surprised to find out that their same - sex wedding plans were featured on sunday ' s video announcing clinton ' s 2016 bid .  milrad ' s voice is heard in a voiceover saying : ' i  m getting married this summer to someone i really care about ' .
serena williams beat sabine lisicki in three sets to reach miami open semi - finals .  the world no 1 will face either sloane stephens or simona halep .  williams will face romania ' s halep for a place in the final after beating sloane stephens 6 - 1 , 7 - 5 .
official advert for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao has been released .  both fighters walk towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road .  the fight is expected to break the pay - per - view record of 102m set by mayweather ' s fight with saul ' canelo ' alvarez in september 2013 .  sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on british shores , and customers will be charged 19 . 95 for access .
an eye - witnesses said a fight broke out inside roches family hotel in grafton , grafton , late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road .  nick weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene , armed with two rubber sex toys .  police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry .
ben cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning but he did not appear .  the former west coast eagles captain has a history of substance abuse .  he was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park .  the 2005 brownlow medallist was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test .
nile ranger joined blackpool at the start of the season on a one - year deal .  the former newcastle striker has been awol since returning to london .  ranger says the club took the mick ' s contract out of him by giving him a low - paid contract that left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food .  the 24 - year - old ' s career has been littered with disciplinary incidents .
the evolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise ' outstanding ideas for vertical living ' .  the first place was awarded to a polish group called bomp for its ' natural habitat ' essence skyscraper , beating the designs for a giant ' times squared 3015 ' ' concept at the heart of times square , a bio - pyramid in the sahara and cybertopia .  the winners were selected for their ' creativity , ingenuity , and understanding of adaptive and adaptive vertical communities ' .
man turned a gun on himself at universal studios in hollywood , california .  he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride .  guests were filmed being herded inside the ride by staff in the wake of the killing .
video shows jihadi attempting to launch attack on kurdish peshmerga forces .  but as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb .  just as it begins to fall back down to earth , the car detonates like a firework .  footage is the latest in a string of videos released by kurdish forces .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  the fight was billed as a political war between an america struggling to emerge from the great depression and a germany provoking armed conflict in europe .
ukip leader said ' terrible ' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day and consider ditching cigarettes .  he said he was suffering after a flare - up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant .  mr farage is known for having a cigarette in his hand but was pictured smoking yesterday .
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lt lantz balthazar are both members of the 12th missile squadron at the 341st missile wing at malmstrom air force base in montana .  one of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in january and was kicked out of the service .
nigel farage called for number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50 , 000 a year .  but at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ' ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .  conservatives accused mr farage of  making up his policies as he goes along 
a 19 - year - old woman was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool .  she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle .  she had kicked him and he then disappeared .  police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man in the pictures .
masood mansouri , 33 , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault .  jury watched a distressing video interview in which she gave to police .  but instead of taking her to a nightclub , it is alleged she drove off without them .  five days later she took an overdose of her mother ' s blood pressure tablets and died .  the woman , who had a history of depression , told officers : ' i felt worthless and helpless and that i needed to tell someone ' .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are just days away from stepping into the ring for what promises to be a monumental clash .  boxing fans will be able to buy one of the 1 , 000 18ct gold , diamond & emerald cufflinks to be made .  the world boxing council in association with bwa are launching a limited - edition jewellery range to mark the upcoming bout on friday .
federal mp bob katter released a statement on his party ' s website today .  he said the government believes billy gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence .  mr katter said he ' s been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past . the statement has sparked criticism on social media , with some users questioning his terminology .
cordula schacht is representing joseph goebbels ' estate in case against random house germany and its imprint sidler .  dispute comes after peter longerich , a leading authority on the holocaust and nazi germany , drew on the diaries for a biography published in germany in 2010 .  now the english edition of the biography is due to be published on may 7 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
more than 8 , 000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend .  body of one migrant , who died on another boat making the perilous trip from north africa to italy , was tossed overboard .  stories emerged after more than 500 migrants had already died crossing the mediterranean so far this year .
sunderland host newcastle in the tyne - wear derby on sunday .  john o ' shea wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle .  the black cats have won the last three meetings on wearside .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday .  the two - time world champion won his second race in three races this season .  but his podium celebrations have drawn criticism of the driver .  a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the driver ' s behavior as ' selfish and inconsiderate ' .
chelsy davy wore ripped jeans and a chic blazer on wednesday night .  the 29 - year - old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends out and about in london .  it ' s the second night out for the party girl , who joined friends at the opening of cool new eatery , the ivy chelsea garden .  davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller charles goode in january .
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday .  sportsmail looks at some of the celebrities who have added some sparkles to ring walks .  prince naseem entered the ring in london on a magic carpet suspended above the ring .
the us - based barrick gold , which boasts that it is the world  s leading gold mining company , reached the out - of - court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us .  one of the women was just a 14 - year - old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped in 2010 .
manchester united lost 3 - 0 at everton on sunday night .  louis van gaal needs big signings in the summer to turn them into title contenders .  ilkay gundogan and sven bender fit the bill .
theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , won $ 1million off of a $ 5 scratch - off lottery ticket .  her friend who gave it to her , however , has since died , so she plans to share her winnings with the friend ' s family .  she received a lump - sum payment of $ 522 , 822 after taxes last month .
aaron cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city .  but sam allardyce says he should look at jack rodwell and scott sinclair .  the west ham full back has had a fine debut season in the premier league .
investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where mh17 was downed by a suspected russian - made buk missile .  in all , 16 containers of fragments of the malaysia airlines plane were filled so far this week .  investigators also found a charred passport of a malaysian mother killed in the horror .
sebastien pocognoli says he ' s baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him .  the belgian left back was an important player under alan irvine .  the 27 - year - old says he doesn ' t want to be one of the players to throw a strop .  click here for all the latest west brom news .
chancellor said he wanted a 1980s - style property ' revolution ' .  he pledged to double the number of people buying their first home .  since 2010 there have been 1 . 2 million first - time purchases .
david ospina has a premier league win ratio of 91 . 7 per cent .  the colombia international has won 11 of his 12 games this season .  gerard pique made 12 premier league appearances for manchester united .  arjen robben posts 82 . 1 per cent win ration in the premier league from 67 matches .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
pm will unveil analysis to show labour and the snp are ' really on the same side ' .  snp backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy .
todd larson , 55 , told daily mail online he had parked his dodge challenger in the driveway of his taylorsville , utah home on march 25 .  moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1 . 53am .  mr larson said the faa did an investigation and found an a1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time of the incident and when the plane was flying above his home .
sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his controversial anzac day tweets .  the afr ' s geoff winestock wrote on the social media site : ' frightening .  i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is a death cult .  sack me fairfax ' .  mcintyre said he hoped ' in 50 years no soldiers around to honour ' .
lucy gransbury dropped a thank - you card and gifts over the fence to her neighbours because she was too scared to knock on their door .  after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours , jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page .  he went onto apologise for the ' music festivals and comedy galas ' .
lloyd meudell takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach on the south coast of nsw .  he uses an eos 5d mark iii dslr and numerous lenses to achieve the unique shots but does not reveal settings he uses to keep air of mystery .  the 40 - year - old advises photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens .
lishan wang , 49 , was charged with murder in the shooting of yale university doctor vajinder toor .  he was originally ruled incompetent in 2010 , but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital .  mental health experts said wang displayed ' paranoid thinking ' and was ' guarded and suspicious ' when discussing a relationship with court - appointed lawyers .
kim has long had her pick of the planet - so how to go by - times have changed .  paris is top of her travel - list and she has been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks .  kim and her husband kanye west made a high - profile tour of armenia and israel to retrace the kardashian roots .
ashley johnston , 28 , was shot in february in rojava , near the turkish border .  he was fighting with the kurdish people ' s protection units ( ypg ) and was given a heroes send off in sydney park , sydney , on thursday morning .  his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learnt of his death .  the queenslander , who lived in the act , is believed to be the first westerner to die in battle against is .
christopher nathan may , 50 , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 .  her body was discovered at a flat in pontypridd , south wales on friday .  ms woodford was found dead three days after being reported missing .  may was remanded in custody at merthyr tydfil magistrates court .
gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the island in the indian ocean .  the island ' s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient sri lanka .  kandy , where the british beat the last king of ceylon in 1815 , still feels like a charming , antique outpost of empire .
liam marshall - ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke - on - trent central .  the candidate , who is gay , is pictured appearing to lick a female friend ' s breasts .  underneath the picture a friend commented ' drunko ' .  but he has insisted the photos show him having fun with close friends .
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013 / 14 .  the 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33 . 8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week .  shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a & e visits .
real madrid have lost almost one out of every three games in 2015 .  carlo ancelotti ' s side have lost just six of their last three matches .  the european champions were beaten 4 - 0 at the calderon stadium last year .
william snyder , 34 , charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence - tampering after the body of his wife , kelley jo snyder , was found in a river near to their home on saturday .  police say snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and taking it to the halls run river .  he is currently in the clinton county correctional facility on $ 500 , 000 bail and was arrested at a motel in the small town of horseheads on friday .
last month a court ruled richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing .  on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25 , 000 cash bail .  the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air .  he later described his release as ' wonderful ' and during a press conference he said he ' d always dreamed of going home .
sawyer sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting a family member ' s home in texas on thursday morning .  his manager , dino may , said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house .  the young actor , who appeared in 139 episodes of the popular us sitcom , was said to be anti - drugs , very quiet and very shy .
aljaz bedene crashed out of the grand prix hassan ii in casablanca .  the world no 99 had breezed past fellow - qualifier arthur de greef .  jiri vesely saw off bedene 6 - 1 6 - 4 to reach the final four .
femail has worked with dietitian lucy jones from the almond board of california to study snacking habits in the uk .  ms jones said snack amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack , opening something and eating far more than they intended .  the 21 day snack happy challenge is a simply snack on a handful of almonds once a day for 21 days .
doug hughes , 61 , is ' lucky to be alive ' and ' should have been blown out of the air , ' rep .  jason chaffetz said .  security tracked hughes as he approached the capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg , pennsylvania .  hughes ' stunt was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform .
john carver insists his side have ' six cup finals ' left to play .  the magpies are just nine points above the relegation zone .  carver has overseen just two wins in 14 games since taking over from alan pardew .
rev richard coles sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a housing association in finedon , northamptonshire .  he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc church rev .  coles , 52 , is now a regular on tv and radio , but on sundays he performs at his 14th century parish church , st mary the virgin .
tiger woods spotted practising at augusta national on tuesday .  the former world no 1 has not appeared on the pga tour since february 5 , 1995 .  woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years .
bayern munich were outplayed in portugal on wednesday night .  pep guardiola remains manchester city ' s first choice to become manager .  manuel pellegrini has a year remaining on his contract in germany .
claire sweeney , 44 , has turned to a hypnotherapist in a bid to shed two stone .  the former brookside actress gave birth to son jaxton in september .  susan hepburn famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 .
aaron galloway , 23 , was on a half - term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat .  ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the 499 nikon .  he messaged seller fernando miguel andrade viseu , who confessed to the theft - and admitted being a ryanair flight attendant
strong storms swamped indianapolis , cincinnati and charleston , west virginia , at midday wednesday .  forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the coast of west texas .  fewer than 1 million people were in wednesday ' s ' moderate risk ' area between wichita , kansas , and jefferson city , missouri .
eyeko london ' s new bespoke mascara ( 28 ) comes in dozens of brush shapes .  cover fx custom cover drops ( 36 ) can be mixed with any of your favourite moisturisers , oils , serums or other foundations .
rachelle owen , 16 , died after being struck by a train close to hoylake station .  her body was found in a flat in toxteth , liverpool , on february 28 .  police said the death was not being treated as suspicious .  a 52 - year - old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial .
reanne evans faces ken doherty in her first qualifier for the world championship .  the 29 - year - old from dudley would be the first woman to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers .  the 10 - time ladies ' snooker world champion faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty .
pensioner alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about lack of action over fly - tipping .  he signed off email with : ' that ' s why i ' ll be voting ukip ' , it has been claimed .  mr grower stood by his comments , saying : ' ukip is a racist party ' .
zhao pingan ' s mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled to a hospital in xiamen city , south - eastern china .  both of his parents were killed in the accident , but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march .  pingan was dubbed china ' s ' miracle baby ' by local media after his birth .
eugenie bouchard refused to shake hands with alexandra dulgheru .  the world no 7 was mocked by the opposing romanian team after they lost to romania ' s kristina kucova .  the 21 - year - old canadian lost both her singles matches to world no 69 and andreea mitu , ranked 104th .
turia pitt suffered burns to 64 per cent of her body during a september 2011 ultramarathon through the kimberley , western australia .  turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes .  she recently ran a half - marathon and beat the time she ran the kimberley ultra - marathon .
duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building .  he was found on a third - floor balcony of the neighboring michelangelo hotel .  nypd spokesman said they are treating his death as suicide .
a fundraising page set up by friends of the family has raised almost $ 50 , 000 in less than a week .  mai mach , 60 , was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her melbourne home last tuesday .  chinese tourist cai xia liao , 45 , has been charged with their murder .  more than 280 people have donated to the page , with many leaving messages of support .
pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the north east of england .  the 58 - year - old was flying from newcastle airport to gatwick when staff thought the pudding was semtex , a plastic explosive .  he reportedly offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it wasn ' t .
the azamara club cruises ' quest vessel carries about 680 passengers .  the size of the ship means it is able to access ports off - limits to the bigger vessels .  it also means a more intimate on - board experience - as in tv ' s cheers bar .
andrea dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods .  the 33 - year - old was arrested on tuesday at the knightsbridge store .  he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league .
the statement nineties chop has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide .  headcase barbers have tipped the style as a must - have look for summer 2015 .  the craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of dumb and dumber .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two - and - a - half years with hard labour last month after posting a mocked - up image of the buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook .  the tongue - in - cheek advert for a cheap - drinks night at the vgastro bar in rangoon provoked outrage among devout buddhists .  the 32 - year - old bar manager , who has dual new zealand and british nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion because of this picture .
real madrid ' s away kit will feature three grey stripes and a greyed - out badge .  the pink touches from this season ' s shirts will also be dropped .  the fifa club world cup badge is to celebrate real ' s global success this season .
ronny deila ' s side beat st mirren in the spl on friday night .  the win means they are eight points clear of aberdeen in the premiership .
kevin pietersen was dismissed for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on the 170 he made against the oxford students last week .  the 34 - year - old was making his first lv = county championship appearance since june 2013 in the hope of finding a way back into the england set - up .  sri lankan kumar sangakarra made a hundred on surrey debut batting at no 3 .
vijay chokal - ingam claims he pretended to be an african american to get into medical school in the late 1990s .  the 38 - year - old comedienne says she is ' ashamed ' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book , almost black .  he claims he shaved his head , trimmed his ' long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students during the process .
alastair cook completed a much - needed century on the second morning of england ' s opening tour match in the west indies .  cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out .  he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries .
the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ' was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state - by - state ' .  clinton today gave same - sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter .
adriana giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her at the house in majadahonda , madrid .  the landlord of the house , a 32 - year - old spanish man with a history of psychological problems , has been arrested in connection with her disappearance .  a meat grinder has been found at the property , as well as a list of three other tenants who are also thought to be women from argentina .
jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first - degree felony murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 in washington , d . c . the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine - sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him .  an affidavit revealed on thursday that he had been soliciting sex from men through craigslist .
max muggeridge , 19 , from coomera in qld , caught the four metre tiger shark at the weekend .  the massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach .  the 19 - year - old said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity .
rory mcilroy ' s career grand slam bid could come from mother nature .  a cold front coming over georgia is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms .  the world no 1 could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90f , approaching the record 91f in 2011 .  weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days .
ravi beefnah , 34 , parked his audi a5 outside the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers .  mr beefnah claims audi failed to resolve his long - running complaint about the engine and fix the car .  audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge .
wallace is on loan at vitesse arnhem from chelsea .  the 20 - year - old has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan .  wallace was questioned by police on  suspicion of a sexual offence 
concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like .  he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas , with neon lights and plenty of attractions .  the iss currently houses six astronauts at a time , but a space settlement would have hundreds or thousands of people on board .
woolworths launched ' fresh in our memories ' last week in the lead up to the anzac centenary .  the campaign was branded ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' by social media users .  customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger .
the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister .  the first lady said in a statement she was ' lucky to have such a talented individual on my team ' .  ' jeremy will be missed , and barack and i wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors , ' she added .
some 1 , 500 couples in britain have had babies using embryoscope technology .  the technology allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life .  the images are also helping scientists learn more about the ivf process .  experts have hailed the technology as one of the most important developments in ivf .
a social media staffer to donald trump retweeted an off - color jab at hillary clinton on thursday before the boss deleted it .  ' if hillary clinton can ' t satisfy her husband , ' a texas - cowgirl college student tweeted , ' what makes her think she can satisfy america ? ' .  trump will be in new hampshire on saturday  where the episode will likely come up .
researchers at yale university have created a map that lists the different types of sentence structures used in the us .  the map also has a small amount of data for the uk , with sentences such as ' yer lugs needs washed ' used in scotland and ' ne mon hum no good ' , in aylesbury .  the researchers were not interested in what is considered to be correct grammar , but in what people do naturally .
texas owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate .  the houstonan department for motor vehicles deemed it ' offensive ' .
researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention .  it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel .  the main problem from this breakthrough is that hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like wind and solar .
the bill would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels .  it also wouldn ' t allow hand dryers blowing air faster than 115 mph .  the bill , sb 488 , is scheduled for a hearing on wednesday .
sales of a burberry poncho have boosted sales by 10 per cent over the winter .  the wool - and - cashmere designs were a huge success among celebrities before christmas .  famous names including victoria beckham , rosie huntington - whiteley , sienna miller and sarah jessica parker were all seen sporting the ponchos .  the basic asking price was 895 , while 70 per cent of sales went to customers who wanted their initials monogrammed on to the weave .
mick schumacher ' s son mick begins his formula 4 career in germany .  the 16 - year - old is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team .  schumacher junior began karting seven years ago .
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30 .  khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential 5million pay day against kell brook at wembley on june 13 .  khan also insisted he can ' t fight adrien cotto in june because of ramadan .
dimitri harrell , 21 , charged with second - degree murder after shooting fiancee .  samirria white , 19 , was holding their three - month - old child in his arms . he then shot 19 - year - old miss white in the face at close range , police said .  when medics arrived at the scene , they pronounced mother dead .  harrell later admitted to having stored his handgun under daughter ' s mattress .  if convicted , he faces up to 40 years in prison if convicted .
the three dogs were captured in a front room in bahama , north carolina .
abu hafs al - badri is claimed to be the cousin of isis leader abu bakr al - bagdadhi , the extremist group ' s self - styled caliph .  it appears isis ' growing strategy of using teenage suicide bombers indicates their continued focus on indoctrinating local teenagers and turning them into deadly bombers .
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar - nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about - face .  the school ' s vice president for student life , e . royster harper , tweeted out a statement saying the  decision to cancel not consistent w / high value @ umich places on freedom of expression .
byron schlenker ' s buds measure a whopping 8 . 6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6 .  his daughter emily , 14 , is not far behind at 7 . 3cm and hold ' s the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men ' s crown .
mohammed ali malek , 27 , was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night , some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the mediterranean .  he was later charged with multiple manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration .  his alleged smuggler accomplice , a 26 - year - old syrian crew member named mahmud bikhit , was also arrested and charged with ' favouring illegal immigration ' .
an australian goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute .  the two - metre long reptile swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch .  goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding , allowing them to eat over - sized prey .
steven howie , 28 , of dunfermline , left his girlfriend with 18 injuries .  he punched , kicked and kneed karen murray , 31 , over an hour .  howie and miss murray had been dating for about four months .
paul childs said he was infuriated by nigel farage ' s ' scaremongering ' .  the 34 - year - old is the second lib dem to go public with their hiv positive status .  mr childs , who is running in the liverpool riverside seat , said he felt compelled to tell his story after mr farage said that thousands of people with hiv in the uk were not british .
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders .  signatories warned about ' proliferation of zero - hours contracts ' they claimed were ' letting down britain ' .  labour removed her name after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests .  it was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe .
roma ended their four - month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in serie a on saturday .  miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter - attack for roma in the 25th minute .  goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half .
kadeem brown , 25 , was knocked over by a passing taxi in the bronx , new york .  his taxi struck and killed little tierre clark , five , who was waiting with her mother at a bus stop .  police say he suffered a seizure moments before the crash .
qpr have confirmed that eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .  the 25 - year - old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win against west brom .  vargas is the third qpr player to sustain an mcl injury since the turn of the year .
shoccara marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011 .  in a series of images , she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be while refusing to accept her for the woman she has become .  in the end , she said she accepts the struggle finding love and acceptance in her family .
nancy kanwisher , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions .  a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector .  the short video was posted on the scientist ' s brain talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain .
celtic lost 3 - 2 to inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish cup semi - final .  virgil van dijk landed an early red card against caley thistle .  the dutchman was shortlisted for the pfa player of the year award .
sportsmail ' s top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in france .  let us know your england xis by posting them in the comments section below .
black flamingo was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri .  it is believed to be the only flamingo of its kind in the world .  experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as " melanism " can generate more melanin than usual .
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6 - 2 , 4 - 6 , 7 - 5 in the final of the family circle cup .  this was kerber ' s fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013 .  kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the semifinals .
the $ 40 ( 26 ) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep .  unlike a normal cotton pillowcase , it apparently sucks moisture from the skin , leaving the face dry and dull .  the wrinkle preventing pillowcase ' s special blend of ' hydrophobic fibres ' keeps the complexion moistureted all night .
the queen and senior members of the royal family will attend the westminster abbey service of thanksgiving .  a chain of beacons will be lit across the country , spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies .  a star - studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10 .
david miscavige , the leader of the church of scientology , allegedly followed by a father - son pair of detectives for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the secretive church .  the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive hbo documentary going clear .
study analysed dna from 21 , 566 men convicted of sex offences in sweden between 1973 and 2009 .  found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders more likely than average to commit similar crimes than men in the general population .  in only 2 per cent of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors .
real madrid drew 0 - 0 with atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday .  gareth bale was the brightest of real ' s front three but his miss was still the clearest . bale came into the game with a scoring rate of a goal every 74 minutes and seven goals in his last three matches .
ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton .  the 18 - year - old had made just four substitute appearances for rangers .  mark wilson ' s last goal was also against the sons .  stuart mccall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players .
chris zebroski was jailed for four years and four months for robbery , attempted robbery and assault .  the 28 - year - old admitted four charges at swindon crown court .  he also attempted to rob two men in swindon after drinking heavily at a party .
emmanuel adebayor has made just 10 appearances in all competitions this season and scored only twice in the capital one cup semi - final win over sheffield united .  the 31 - year - old joined tottenham from manchester city on loan in 2011 .  he insists he is happy to stay at white hart lane and will fight for his place in the team .
tracks left by a barefooted early human in ileret , kenya , have now been found .  they are the oldest human footprints left behind on a muddy lake shore .  researchers believe they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps stalking some of the other animals whose prints would have allowed them to hurl sticks and rocks at potential prey .  researchers hope to test their conclusions by studying the movement patterns of modern day subsistence hunters in africa .
arsenal face manchester united in their fa cup semi - final on saturday .  arsene wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess in england .  the gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp as ' ridiculous ' .  wenger admits a united win at chelsea could open up the title race again .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season .  chelsea want at least 10million for the goalkeeper to end up at stamford bridge .  carlo cudicini says arsenal should target cech instead of wojciech szczesny .  cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to thibaut courtois .
tom daley hopes his new ' firework ' dive can help win rio gold .  the former world champion spent most of last year battling to master his ' demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists .  daley has spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach jane figueiredo .
everton have expressed an interest in qpr striker charlie austin .  the toffees were among premier league clubs who checked on club brugge ' s 19 - year - old forward obbi oulare on sunday .
james weld stumped up 15 , 000 to bring an end to a three - year stand - off with natural england over access to durdle door beach .  previous steps that lead down to the beach were washed away during storms in 2012 .  mr weld says natural england ' shirked ' its duty to reinstate the steps for three years by claiming they did not form part of the coastal path .
gruesome death rituals performed 1 , 200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru ' s cotahuasi valley .  each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies , with infants kept in small containers , and others ripped to pieces while decomposing .  archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs , recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha .
plane carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members touched down in khajuraho .  crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737 - 800 came to a stop .  passengers spotted smoke outside the plane ' s left wing landing gear .  jet airways said reports of a fire are untrue .
this year since 2009 the city has come alight with mind - bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings such as the sydney harbour bridge , opera house , customs house and the museum of contemporary art .  vivid starts on may 22 and runs until june 8 from 6pm - midnight each night , with over 60 light installations and 140 artists .  exhibits will still be found at circular quay , the rocks , darling harbour , pyrmont and martin place .
in 2012 , matthew ho from toronto promposed to his girlfriend , tina , with 1 , 500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read , ' tina , will you go to prom with me ? ' .
the 56 - page document was written in 1942 at the government code - breaking headquarters at bletchley park , in buckinghamshire .  it was sold for $ 1 , 025 , 000 ( 698 , 000 ) in a fine books & manuscripts sale at bonhams in new york on monday .  turing is best known for his contribution to cracking the code used by the germans in their enigma machines during the second world war .
in tudor times , buckwheat pillows were so prized that grandmothers handed them down to their grandchildren .
cook county judge dennis porter cleared 46 - year - old officer dante servin .  he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave courtroom .  servin shot rekia boyd , 22 , in the back of the head in march 2012 .  she died after one of the five bullets from servin ' s unregistered glock handgun .
drug was developed by british pharmaceutical giant astra zeneca .  original aim of treating certain types of tumour was shelved .  drug worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory .  researchers say study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in alzheimer ' s patients .
jack wilshere is a season ticket holder at luton with his dad andy .  the 11 - year - old made his first - team debut for arsene wenger ' s side at an early age .  charlie patino is a level - headed family , with his parents julio and katy weigh up offers from three of the biggest clubs in the premier league .  the transfer fee is 10 , 000 , a sizeable amount to spend on a player who offers potential and promise after six years with luton .
tito vilanova died on april 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer that cut short the life of a coach in his prime .  the way he steadfastly attempted to carry on despite his illness drew much admiration and there was a considerable outpouring of sadness at his passing .  vilanova was pep guardiola ' s assistant during a golden spell for the club including three la liga titles .
roberto carlos has won the champions league three times in five seasons .  the former real madrid defender has picked himself at left - back midfield .  fabio cannavaro has triumphed with three clubs without being a special player .  carlos admits that real madrid missed claude makelele ' s influence when he left for chelsea .
wayne rooney may play in holding midfield role against chelsea .  michael carrick and daley blind were two of four manchester united players ruled out .  jonny evans and radamel falcao could both be recalled against jose mourinho ' s side .
among the state of california ' s 162 , 000 inmates , the most dangerous serve their time in level iv maximum - security facilities .  it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated .  the gangs rule life behind the cement walls the same way as out on the streets .
bogan shire council , in western new south wales , wants to erect a ' big bogan ' statue .  the 3 . 6 - metre statue would show a ' bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox .  it could prove as popular as the big banana which is a tourist attraction in coffs harbour .
after 73 years of marriage , doug wilson , 93 , and lillian kerr wilson , 89 , passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week .  lillian resided at richmond place in lexington , while bill stayed at the thomson - hood veterans center in wilmore .  the couple first met in corbin , where they were both athletes and high school sweethearts .
progressive education experts in the uk have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in finland .  but a new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods .  the findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove that a return to traditional teacher - led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools .
didier drogba celebrated playing his part in chelsea ' s 1 - 0 win over manchester united on saturday night .  the ivorian striker ' s charity ball raised 400 , 000 for his foundation .  the ball will open a medical clinic in abidjan , ivory coast ' s capital .
click here for all the latest premier league news .
union barons gave more than 700 , 000 to ed miliband ' s party in second week .  overall , labour received 1 . 1million in donations between april 6 and april 12 .  most of the tory cash came from wealthy individuals , who handed over 460k .
lauren hill was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday .  she played four games with her team at mount st . joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $ 1 . 5 million for research into the cancer , diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma .  as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and moved to cincinnati children ' s hospital , where she passed away on friday .
ava ciach , from geelong , suffered from sagittal synostosis .  she had to have her skull removed , smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle .  a ct scan proved ava had the condition  usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old .
real madrid face atletico madrid in champions league quarter - final .  carlo ancelotti ' s side will be without karim benzema for wednesday ' s match .  atletico have beaten their neighbours four times and drawn against them three times in their bid for revenge for last season ' s champions league final .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
russian freezer trawler , called the dalny vostok , sank in the sea of okhotsk .  at least 56 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation .  more than 1 , 300 people have been rescued , with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries being airlifted to hospital .
mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in unusual positions .  kimi raikkonen finished first in friday ' s first practice session .  mercedes focused on laps rather than outright pace .
malky mackay has been sacked after just five months in charge at wigan .  the latics lost 2 - 0 to derby county in the premier league on monday .  mackay was handed the job by former owner dave whelan in november .  the 43 - year - old is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment iain moody .
the former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday .  bill clinton was in oklahoma city to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995 .
jordan henderson is seeking a new contract worth 100 , 000 - a - week .  the liverpool vice - captain wants to stay at anfield .  henderson has already rejected a five - year deal worth 80 , 000 per week .  sportsmail understands an offer worth 5 . 2million - per - year will be enough to cement henderson ' s long - term future .
jamie silvonek , 14 , and her boyfriend , 20 - year - old army spc .  caleb barnes , 20 , have been charged with killing the girl ' s mother for trying to break them up .  barnes , who was on leave from fort meade in maryland at the time of the slaying , was previously charged with homicide .
alan turing wrote the notes at the bletchley park code - breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science .  it is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist , auctioneer said .  pages of notes show the inner workings of turing ' s thoughts as he helped break codes and decipher tests .  but he kept the notebook , using its blank pages for writing down his dreams at the request of his psychiatrist .
raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide .  footage appears to show him breathing in gas from a balloon before passing out .  drugs charity re - solv has called on the ' role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health .  sterling is not the first player to have been accused of using the drug .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by the end of the year .  she broke down in tears when she learned her friend andrew chan is to be shot along with eight other prisoners on indonesia ' s ' execution island ' .  chan was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so - called bali nine cocaine smuggling plot .  indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by end of 2015 .
meaghan hudson , 25 , said she had multiple myeloma , a type of cancer .  she sent text messages saying she was suffering from cancer in 2013 .  close friends rushed to support her , even shaving their heads in solidarity .  the nursing student also had a fundraising website set up by her stepmother .
men are more likely to discuss sexual and relationship issues than the weekend ' s football matches .  they didn ' t pick up a single mention of football , while women were discussed only occasionally .  one man in the lord nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman .
dove grey suit was made by a viennese tailor , tiller , who made uniforms for the nazis during the war .  stress levels on the tunic ' s folds show it was worn by someone overweight .  it is now expected to fetch 85 , 000 when it goes under the hammer in plymouth , devon .
footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal ' s back .  his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves .  however , after about a minute he decides he ' s had enough and starts to walk off .
a kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in a nesting box in thixendale , north yorkshire .  despite the owl ' s cuddly reputation , it came out the victor , forcing the kestrel to seek an alternative home for itself and its mate .
marc macrae was election agent for the snp ' s westminster leader angus robertson .  he said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber .  mr robertson has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone .
eugenie bouchard has refused to shake hands with alexandra dulgheru .  the canadian star is playing in the fed cup world group play - off against romania .  the 21 - year - old has suffered four defeats in her past six matches .
jeff astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 .  west brom are wearing a replica of their 1968 fa cup winning kit .  astle scored the winner against everton in the fa cup final .
chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break .  everton lead the post - international premier league table with three wins from three after the break .  champions - elect chelsea are the only side to match this perfect record .  manchester united will be hoping to follow up their win against liverpool .
central motorway police group spotted the delorean as it travelled between stoke - on - trent and crewe yesterday morning .  officers joked that the futuristic - looking car from the 1980s had a ' leaky flux capacitor ' from the movie .  the car ' s interior even had a multi - coloured hat similar to the one used by marty mcfly in the hit movie .
three years ago he was virtually scared to leave the safety of his treasury office .  his nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy .  osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the paralympics to being credited with helping to turn britain ' s economy around .
eric cantona was speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai .  the former manchester united midfielder has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film .  cantona has defended the film , saying it is ' a work of art ' and ' beautiful ' .
celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi - final on sunday .  ronny deila ' s side are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games to play .  deila believes treble will help attract players to the club this summer .
rupa huq is standing for ed miliband ' s party in a key marginal seat .  she said fellow candidates who turned down the cash were ' sticking their noses up ' at mr blair .  mr blair made 1 , 000 donations to 106 local campaigns in target seats .  one said she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the iraq war .
brisbane based dj - duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public .  the black - and - white clip has spread like wildfire , clocking up over 1 . 25 million views in under a week .  adam and matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7 - eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
arnold breitenbach of st . george wanted to get ' cib - 69 ' put on a license plate .  utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations banning the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations .
nicola sturgeon said she would try to ' lock david cameron out of downing street ' .  she said the offer stood ' regardless of who is the biggest party ' in house of commons . comments raise the prospect of mr miliband ending up in number 10 .
ariana mason , 21 , is suing officer shawn izzo and his force for $ 4million .  she claims she was put in a ' stranglehold ' at a las vegas hotel last summer .  two of her teeth were also broken , she says .
sir john chilcot ' s inquiry into the iraq war stopped taking evidence in 2011 .  it was initially thought it would be delayed until after the election amid claims it could be damning for labour .  but it has now been suggested the findings will not be published until 2016 .
images show seals being clubbed to death on newfoundland ' s ice floes .  they are dragged onto ships where they are clubbed for their fur .  humane society international says baby animals ' are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying ' .  ' this is the 17th year that i have witnessed the slaughter , ' says hsi ' s executive director rebecca aldworth .  ' it is reprehensible that these baby seals are being killed with government financing , ' he says .
rosemary taylor , communications director of city of brookhaven in georgia , made ' racist ' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at cherry blossom festival two weeks ago .  she reportedly told him : ' this is not the image i want for the city ' .  the girls ' mouths ' dropped ' and they were asked to leave the festival by a city official .  ms taylor has been fired by officials for displaying ' conduct unbecoming of a city employee ' .
' rich ' who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree .  the advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also ' also a princess when need to be ' .
alaska airlines flight 448 took off from seattle to los angeles on monday .  the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft .  the captain turned back to seattle - tacoma international and declared an emergency for priority landing .  the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder .  his brother jean , 17 , is behind bars after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on monday .  their mother is roxanne dube , the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami .  the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $ 5 , 000 , and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their bmw with diplomatic plates .
ea sports ' new golf game rory mcilroy pga tour is due out in july .  courses such as tpc sawgrass also affect how your shots are played .  the game will be available for xbox one and ps4 on july 16 , 2015 .
robert durst , 71 , appeared to doze of in the new orleans courtroom .  his defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching durst ' s hotel room without a proper arrest warrant .  however , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing .  durst has been in custody since march 14 and labeled a suicide risk .
jimmy anderson was given a special silver cap to mark his 100th test . west indies ' best batsman chris gayle chose to play in the ipl rather than for his country .  both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute  s silence in honour of the late , great richie benaud , who passed away last week .  it is a sad sign of the times that west indies  best would put a t20 competition before test cricket .
jonathan trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour .  trott is having regular skype sessions with peters from the team hotel , and credits the psychiatrist with helping him overcome his mental health issues to win his test place back .  tr worked with the england football team during the 2014 world cup in brazil .
four - year - old hudea was pictured in atmeh refugee camp late last year .  it is thought they headed for idlib - now in the control of al - qaeda affiliate al - nusra .  but two weeks ago , the family took a fateful decision to move towards idlib .  al qaeda ' s brutal syrian affiliate has killed 220 , 000 since 2011 .
prince harry arrived in australia on monday for his month - long secondment .  he took an hour - long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit .  he struck a pose next to a redheads rule sign but refused to pose for a selfie .
jimmy anderson needs just three wickets to equal ian botham ' s england - record haul of 383 .  anderson was known as the ' pro killer ' during his days with burnley .  former team - mate michael brown played with him in his early days for burnley , lancashire and england .
prime minister said seven key tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder .  he said the ' greatest sunshine that there can possibly be ' included helping more people but their own home , as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement .  the seven point plan includes the help to buy isa , which will help first - time buyers save for a deposit , meaning a bonus of up to 3 , 000 .
kyle knox , 23 , was last seen at 10am on monday at the start of the route for the 4409 - ft high ben nevis in the scottish highlands .  he failed to return to his accommodation in the fort william area yesterday prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance .  police scotland confirmed this morning that the search had now resumed with rescuers describing the weather as ' awful ' .
peter reece , his fiancee , mother and six - month - old daughter were parked on an ocean shores , washington , beach on thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family .  the wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand , so they were unable to move .  the car was recovered shortly after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it on its right side before it was towed to the road .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce , puglia in the south of italy .  he had planned to turn it into a trattoria - but renovations were put on hold .  he dug into a messapian tomb built 2 , 000 years ago , a roman granary , a franciscan chapel and even etchings from the knights templar .  the search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium when no - one could have predicted the treasures hidden beneath the floorboards .
mils muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following connacht ' s 14 - 7 defeat by gloucester on friday night .  the former all black was arrested at kingsholm and led to a police van where he was hauled away by police .  the incident was captured live on sky sports following the challenge cup quarter - final .
five - month - old baby found dead at home in perry barr , birmingham .  mother , 25 , and woman , 22 , arrested on suspicion of murder .
chris smalling has signed a three - year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of 80 , 000 - a - week .  the 25 - year - old had been linked with a move to arsenal after being branded ' stupid ' by manager louis van gaal for his sending - off in the manchester derby at the etihad earlier this season .  smalling was due to be out of contract next summer but has now committed himself to united until 2019 .
phil smith scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull .  the 25 - year - old fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .  he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary .  his parents have paid tribute to their ' lovely son ' who had a ' natural talent with children ' .
1st class brett allen marihugh and 32 - year - old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool on friday .  lewis died friday after serving in the u . s . marine corps from 1999 to 2003 .  he was the recipient of multiple awards including the bronze star , joint service achievement medal , combat action ribbon and the navy / marine corps commendation medal with valor .
advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being ' thrown around the cabin ' when the plane began tumbling through the air on friday .  the plane landed safely back in belgrade , but nikolic was .  forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the .  vatican , and his advisers put the incident down to yet another .  malfunction on the ageing , incident - prone aircraft .
the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 .  on top of the six arrests , an amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol was also seized .  police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age , but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this .
wing ' s has been ' recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years ' .  radamel falcao dined at the restaurant on the same day he signed for united in a 6million loan deal from monaco . wayne rooney visits the restaurant with his wife , coleen , and has even helped them with publicity work .
francis pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing .  seconds later , two deputies catch up to him and stun him with their tasers .  as the camera keeps rolling , the officers apparently kick the suspect in the head and crotch , before other deputies arrive on the scene .  san bernardino county sheriff has placed 10 deputies on paid administrative leave for their alleged roles in the graphic footage .
jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace on sunday before celebrating .  a 20 - strong stadium tour group at chelsea clearly saw the premier league silverware on the pitch although a security guard attempted to cover it up .  tony mccoy received the outstanding contribution to british sport accolade on thursday night .
matt prior has not played since july due to an achilles injury .  the 33 - year - old lost his england place to jos buttler last summer .  prior admitted he may never play test cricket for england again .
jonathan w . krueger , the photo editor at the school of communication and information , was shot in the chest around 2 a . m . friday .  justin smith , 18 , was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and fleeing and evading .  university president eli capilouto sent a note to students and staff friday morning calling the killing ' incomprehensible ' .
v stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch in los angeles .  the 32 - year - old was joined for the male by an older male companion .  this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2 . 8million in gifts she received from her ex , donald sterling .
wayne rooney was spotted filling up his 100 , 000 overfinch range rover .  the england captain was disappointed with the result .  manchester united struggled to break them down .
roger byng , 67 , was in a hide ' with the intention of photographing small british birds , such as bullfinches , long - tailed tits and wrens .
select amazon customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk , of their car without needing to be near the vehicle .  the delivery driver is then given temporary access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day .  the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative .
trinity culley , from fingringhoe , essex , used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby - birthing programme .  but when her mother dee culley ' s waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule , she sprang into action .  she said : ' words can ' t express how proud i am of her .  i think a lot girls of her age would not have been so calm and known what to do ' .
louis van gaal wants danny ings to form a central part of manchester united ' s rebuilding this summer .  the 22 - year - old is out of contract in the summer but burnley would be owed a fee set by a tribunal of around 5million if he joined an english club .  united are also interested in signing robin van persie and radamel falcao .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
dominika petrinova , from the czech republic , was furious after her boyfriend erik meldik ' s prank went viral .
goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1 . 25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration .  this is significantly lower than widely - used australian bureau of statistics population predictions of between 1 . 7 and 1 . 8 per cent .  this will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong .
mother - of - four larissa knipe was shocked when her partner steve was having an affair .  but when she was 20 , she moved into her home and found out to be her younger sister larissa , who is seven years younger than ms bourne .  larissa says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens - and still has bad days when she can ' t stop crying .  ' i was very protective of larissa because she was my baby sister , ' she says .
yaya toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season .  manuel pellegrini has vowed to support toure until the end of the season .  city face west ham in the premier league on sunday .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
manchester city wanted isco when he left malaga two years ago .  but he chose real madrid over manuel pellegrini .  isco rarely starts for real when all of carlo ancelotti ' s options are fit .
muhammad naviede , 60 , died after his piper tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury , buckinghamshire .  the father - of - two sent a text to a relative saying : ' i ' m in a plane out of control and it ' s going down ' .  air accident investigation branch said the message was ' unusual ' as the leased plane did not enter a spin until after it was sent .
paul hartley says he will not risk playing paul mcgowan again this season .  the dundee rogue has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer last week .  dundee manager paul hartley fears playing the troubled midfielder could see him break his police curfew .
four - vehicle pile - up happened in goodge street , central london this morning .  two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash .  it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road .  it caused significant disruption for traffic in central london .
four vincenti sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother ' s sunshine coast home in the middle of the night .  the scenes of the girl ' s forced return caused widespread outcry , particularly as the girls ' mother portrayed the cruelty of a father .  the girls were removed from their home in italy without the knowledge of that father , tomaso vincenti , and the girls - then aged nine to 14 - years - old .
uefa have confirmed their ' cash cycle ' for the next three years of european competition .  the last time celtic reached the champions league group stage , they won one match and earned 12 . 6m .  if they reach the last 16 , sell - out crowds of 60 , 000 are guaranteed .
ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem .  the 30 - year - old is on loan at caykur rizespor from werder bremen .  there were fears that the poland international had suffered a heart attack .
the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members .  the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up .  the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 , federal health officials said .
eileen mason , 92 , and margaret seabrook , 75 , had been to a lunch club meeting .  an ' evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence .  mrs seabrook shouted ' oh , no you don ' t ! ' and slammed on the accelerator .  the great - grandmothers said they refused to let the ' weasel ' bring them down .
fiorentina are nine points behind third - placed as they beat hellas verona 1 - 0 .  alessandro diamanti missed a penalty in the 90th minute for the home side .  mounir obbadi scored the winning goal from close range .
carrie reichert , 43 , claims she felt ' overdressed ' when she saw prince playing strip billiards .  she has now written a book about the night in the eye of the royal story .  ms reichert has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .  she said : ' this surreal moment felt more like a dream : i ' m kissing a prince ! tasting his lips and feeling his tongue ' .
raheem sterling has turned down a new 100 , 000 - a - week deal at liverpool .  the 20 - year - old started liverpool ' s 4 - 1 defeat at arsenal on saturday .  brendan rodgers insisted he was not a ' money - grabbing ' forward .  liverpool face blackburn in a replay of their fa cup quarter - final .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
noise - induced hearing loss is one of the most common work - related illnesses .  scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition .  they have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss .
lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles .  a new delhi driver was accused of raping a young woman in december .  in london , a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver .  uber ceo joe sullivan , has entrusted the 46 - year - old with him .
armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south .  russ traveled from california to colorado , making his way through arizona , texas and new mexico . the photographer said he was initially ' fearful ' when his friend levi approached him with the idea , but didn ' t let that stop him from the new adventure .
bali nine member myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last days in church with his family .  his final request comes as images from nusakambangan showed a haunting self - portrait of the artist shot through the heart .  it comes after it was confirmed that australians andrew chan and myura .  chan and andrew chan will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on wednesday ( 3am aest )
joe anderson , 56 , claimed 4 , 500 per year from chesterfield high school .  he attempted to justify the payments by saying he was being linked to him .  when the school became an academy in 2011 it stopped paying him .  mr anderson rejected an employment tribunal ruling and took his case to appeal .
gary caldwell admits his first taste of management was ' crazy ' .  the 32 - year - old only replaced the axed malky mackay on wednesday .  the latics are seven points adrift of safety after a 2 - 2 draw .
clark elmore ' s conviction for killing and raping his 14 - year - old stepdaughter in 1995 was upheld .  the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed the washington supreme court ' s decision was correct .  elmore is the second - longest serving inmate on the state ' s death row after being sent there in 1996 .
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion to take the wbc world super - middleweight title .  jack ( 19 - 1 - 1 ) received winning of 116 - 112 and 115 - 113 , and the third had it even at 114 - 113 .  jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by danny jacobs in 2014 .
sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , could be jailed for life .  police - fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight .  both teenagers have confessed to the murders and rape .
sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 .  the spaniard is concentrating on ending his victory drought at this week ' s shell houston open .  rory mcilroy ' s bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam have dominated the agenda for weeks .
stuart , 33 , claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust . he said ex - girlfriend sophie offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating .  ' i ' ve stopped him seeing the kids because he hasn ' t paid for them , ' he said .
the 61 - year - old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon dr salomon melgen .  menendez used his influence to get visas for married melgen ' s multiple young lovers abroad - including a brazilian model who posed on the cover of ' sexy ' magazine and a ukrainian actress .
christian benteke scored his eighth goal in six games for aston villa .  the belgium striker has scored eight goals in his last six games .  benteke says he surprised himself by finding the back of the net with the free - kick .
john t . booker jr , who refers to himself as muhammad abdullah hassan , was detained in manhattan , kansas , on friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses .  the 20 - year - old is said to have targeted nearby fort riley and planned to use a 1 , 000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill ' people with power ' .  a religious leader who had counseled the ' troubled ' young man said that he was mentally ill .
doug hughes , 61 , landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u . s . capitol last week to protest campaign finance laws .  on monday , he called his 80 - mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d . c . and across washington .  he said he never feared he would be shot down , despite coming within feet of the guarded building .
conchita van der waal , 46 , had worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years .  for the past six of them , she has also been offering her sexual services at more than 300 an hour .  the dutch central bank confirmed it had fired her over ' integrity issues ' .
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his responsibilities as a role model at liverpool .  sterling was critcised by rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe .  the midfielder has not been fined after the liverpool boss spoke to him as well as jordon ibe .
' influencer ' and ' blogger ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio .  the average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10 , 000 - 300 , 000 followers .  general manager paul thomas says it ' s now where all the money is being spent , with clients seeking hard and fast brand promotion .
chloe pearsall , 26 , joanne fisher , 36 , and barbara holcroft , 63 , jailed for nine months .  all four worked abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses .  judge sean enright said he had ' put aside his own personal revulsion ' to find a ' just , proportionate sentence ' .
parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16 . 6c in achnagart , north of fort william and 16 . 4c in pembrey sands , carmarthenshire .  thousands flocked to the beaches in brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14 . 9c .  forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the mediterranean .
ap mccoy will be presented with his final champion jockeys trophy at sandown .  ian wright will hand over mccoy ' s trophy before travelling back into london to present his bbc5live radio phone in .  wright is a huge arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season .
hull kr beat bradford bulls 50 - 30 at the odsal stadium .  josh mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for the hosts .  ryan shaw scored a tally of five tries for the east yorkshire side .
tate ricks , nine , was reportedly fishing with his grandma ' s boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore .  the unidentified man attempted to save ricks but could not , according to investigators .  officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy .
gao yu , 71 , has been jailed for seven years for ' illegally providing state secrets to foreigners ' .  the document warns of the ' dangers ' of multiparty democracy , independent media , ' universal ' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party ' s historical record .  gao went missing last april and resurfaced on china ' s state broadcaster .
police in san francisco have discovered the body of anna ragin .  the property is said to have been crawling with rats , black widow spiders , dog feces and 300 bottles of urine .  another man , archibald ragin , lived at the property but died 15 years ago at the age of 101 .
ben cousins smiled as he left fremantle magistrates court on thursday .  the former afl star was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on wednesday morning .  the magistrate had ordered cousins to produce written evidence of conflicting appointments before 4pm wst or an arrest warrant would be issued .  cousins handed himself in to police after failing to make a court appearance .
the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in ringwood , hampshire .  his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out .  two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the pig from the small pool .
pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride - free water .  health minister jillian skinner has slammed the celebrity chef .  evans has also been under fire for endorsing the paleo diet which cuts out dairy , cereal and processed meats .
david de gea and victor valdes enjoyed a relaxing time in the sun .  manchester united beat manchester city 1 - 0 on sunday .  the red devils are currently second in the premier league .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
former celtic striker chris sutton has called for more accountability for officials .  the former hoops striker has branded alan muir ' idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by inverness defender josh meekings in the scottish cup semi - final .  meekings is now fighting a ban from the final following a notice of complaint from the sfa .  sutton infamously triggered a huge row in 2003 when he accused dunfermline of ' lying down ' to rangers to pip celtic to the final .
a french model starring in a television film for garnier is filmed as she ' ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day .  the parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as the day progresses .  both images are judged independently by people on the street - who guess vastly different ages .
josh meekings will be allowed to appear in scottish cup final .  the inverness defender admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red - carded against celtic .  the sfa judicial panel has decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case .
steve and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal after it was claimed they stole $ 50 , 000 .  many of the 30 weapons were legally owned , but the couple are accused of plundering mrs nick ' s 67 - year - old mother ' s savings to fund the potentially deadly haul .  police raided their home in davison township , michigan , after concerns were raised by adult protective services in august last year .  the nicks were released on bail and are set to return to court on thursday .
raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by a furious father last july .  he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son .  police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes .  the photo was quickly shared thousands of times online .  now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison .
dani alves is out of contract at manchester united at the end of the season .  the defender has been linked with a move away from old trafford .  alves ' camp say it ' s actually a one - year deal to be renewed for a second year .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram and live in milton keynes .  ali , 26 , helped to teach his girlfriend how to train hard and eat clean .  the pair have now been dating two years and could be the uk ' s fittest couple .
nedum onuoha has 15 months left on contract at qpr .  everton and west ham are also interested in the 28 - year - old .  qpr have held talks over a move for catania defender nicolas spolli .
lauren hill , 19 , was diagnosed with dipg ( diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ) during her senior year of high school , she uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children ' s hospital in cincinnati .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer .
maryland ' s middle class is the highest paid in the country , with an average income of $ 72 , 483 .  alaska is the lowest paid middle class , followed by new jersey with $ 70 , 165 .
stevan ridley has signed a one - year deal with the new york jets .  the 26 - year - old played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title and went on to win the super bowl .  ridley joins chris ivory and bilal powell at running back in a revamped jets offense .
labour leader was out campaigning in bristol this morning for first time since saturday .  his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day .  david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon prominent on campaign trail .
the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine - boned actresses such as jennifer aniston and gwyneth paltrow .  the narrow skirt clings to my hips and legs , making me look taller than i am .
the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the settlement of zapalnya , bulgaria .  the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the zhrebchevo reservoir , near the town of tvardica .  located about 175 miles east of the capital , the ruins and the reservoir itself have become a popular destination for photographers .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , accidentally left his lights on all day in edmonton , alberta on november day .  he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life .  the note has since gone viral and has been viewed millions of times .
some 35 , 000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities .  pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine .  this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 .
hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months .  royal navy top brass are investigating the incident .  defence officials refused to disclose details of the crash  including where or when it happened  but they were adamant that hms talent struck  floating ice  rather than a russian sub .
ed miliband accused of trying to make political capital from mediterranean tragedy .  labour ' s spin machine prompted the most bitter row of the campaign so far .  senior conservatives claimed mr cameron bore personal responsibility for drownings of refugees in the mediterranean .  labour leader later insisted he was not saying mr cameron had ' blood on his hands ' but was making a ' very important point about post - conflict planning in libya ' .
ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers .  once the ee ' power bar ' runs down , customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any ee shop , or spend four hours charging it up themselves at home .  other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service if they pay a 20 fee .
tim bresnan last played in the england whites during the ashes whitewash of winter 2013 / 14 .  he is keen to give england ' s selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and take wickets for yorkshire .  the right - arm quick bowler helped end yorkshire ' s 13 - year wait for a title last season .
andy murray marries fiancee kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday .  the 27 - year - old scot confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list when he marries kim sears .  murray flew back after his miami open final defeat to runaway world no 1 novak djokovic on sunday .  the only non - british player likely to attend is jean - julien rojer , a doubles specialist from the dutch antilles who has a base in miami .
california giant ' s patent details a cloud - based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot , in a similar way to an app .  friends will be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality .  atlas is a ' high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain ' .
shane ferguson was one of five newcastle players sent north on loan .  the northern ireland international has not played since october .  stuart mccall expects the 23 - year - old to be fit for the premiership .
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life .  the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .  one of his victims told sydney ' s district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships , and didn ' t understand why she had been targeted .
images were taken by thekarl g . jansky very large array in new mexico in 1996 and the second by an international team of astronomers led by the national autonomous university of mexico ( unam )
real madrid beat granada 9 - 1 in their la liga clash at the bernabeu .  gareth bale scored twice and kept his form with a goal against granada .  bale tweeted : ' unbelievable result this afternoon , great team performance .  now for a bbq ' .  cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada on sunday .
reverend andrew dotchin , 58 , was celebrating the end of lent when he was refused entry at the wine bar in ipswich .  he was told there were health and safety concerns , because a glass could fall on his foot .  the bemused grandad , a massive facebook and twitter fan , grinned : ' it ' s their loss ' .
patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 .  she has gone there every year - but can no longer go after a run - in with son .  owner roy stevenson told her to stay away after he accused her of hitting his son in her car .  he said : ' if she wants to be welcomed back to the cove , she needs to say sorry first ' .
jose mourinho ' s side are currently nine points clear at the summit of the premier league with six games to play .  hammersmith and fulham council delivered a letter to residents in the area over the past few days .  the letter outlines the planned victory parade through the streets around stamford bridge on monday , may 25 .  chelsea are 10 points clear of manchester city at the top of the table .
the former u . s . representative , who is now an advocate for gun control , was accompanied by her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly , on the trip .  ms giffords was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in tucson , arizona .  the 44 - year - old survived a gunshot to the head on january 8 , 2011 , when a man opened fire in arizona .
manchester city lost 4 - 2 to united at old trafford on saturday .  yaya toure ' s defensive lapses are costing louis van gaal ' s side .  sky sports pundit gary neville predicts changes at manchester city .  neville accused toure of a ' complete dereliction of his duty ' .
nico rosberg is 27 points adrift of mercedes team - mate hamilton .  mercedes boss toto wolff believes rosberg was back to his best . rosberg finished third behind hamilton and ferrari ' s kimi raikkonen .
barry hearn has rubbished rumours the betfred world championship will leave sheffield .  this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker  s most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre .  there is interest from china in hosting the event .  ronnie o  sullivan has said he would love to equal steve davis ' haul of six crucible crowns .
anais zanotti , 30 , became interested in the high - flying sport when a friend recommended it to her .  the st tropez - born model has modelled for playboy , gq , esquire and maxim .  she has had 1 , 350 dives and is now an instructor , teaching other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane .
charles barnhoorn , 20 , took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide .  he was found dead in his bedroom at family home in kingsteignton , devon .  his mother susan said : ' he was fit and well and everything in his life seemed balanced ' .  detective constable sam tressider , of devon and cornwall cid , investigated the death .
the 33 - year - old is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics .  she welcomed mia grace with husband mike tindall last year .  the queen ' s granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape .  zara helped take home team silver at the 2012 london olympics and is keen to compete int he 2016 games .
davy condon was riding portrait king in the grand national at aintree .  he fell at the third - last , leaving him with a spinal concussion .  it was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury .
the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies .  einstein ' s theory predicts that the gravitational effects of the closest galaxy will bend the light of the more distant one .
arabtrust and the federation of dundee united supporters clubs say they are ' shocked ' that 25 per cent of 6 . 3million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld , andrew robertson , stuart armstrong and gary mackay - steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties .  the supporters groups also disputed chairman stephen thompson ' s alleged level of investment in the club .  the club debt is projected to be reduced to 1 . 4m by the end of this year .
four roma men and women face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than 1million .  they are accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar ' baby sales ' .  six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as ' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births ' .  at the centre of the scandal was ilie ionita , a romanian , and co - conspirators valeriu rosu , 42 .
delmarva power discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since november .  rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power .  they were last seen alive on march 28 .  maryland law bars utilities from november 1 through march 31 without an affidavit filed to the public service commission .
lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia .  the condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly , which causes pain when she moves .  she also has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about .
cheryl prudham , 33 , and partner robert , 30 , are spending 10 , 000 on lavish ceremony in las vegas to renew their wedding vows .  they will stay at the circus circus hotel and intend to wear a 1 , 000 designer gown for the ceremony .  last year they took a 7 , 000 trip to menorca , spain , and some of their children were spotted leaving a designer shop in london .
underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer ' s than those of a healthy weight .  findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat  with a high body mass index ( bmi ) could raise the risk .  study author professor stuart pocock said doctors and policymakers may have to re - think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia .
jennifer aniston , 46 , works out three times a week with her long - term trainer , mandy ingber .  sessions include 20 - 25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga .  says exercise , plus meditation , is her ' ultimate stress reliever ' .
boredpanda has created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ' true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci - fi characters .  one baby is seen as princess leia , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache .
neymar has not scored for barcelona since february 15 .  the 23 - year - old looked out of sorts in the 1 - 0 win over celta vigo .  luis enrique insists he is not concerned by the brazil forward ' s recent goal drought .  barcelona are through to the last eight of the champions league .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
philippe coutinho says winning the fa cup would save their season .  liverpool face blackburn in their fa cup quarter - final replay on wednesday .  the reds are fifth in the premier league with seven games remaining .
kalman kallai travelled from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes .  the traveller sits before corn , a cafe , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hands .  the pair sit and mimic the planes that fly past at the beginning of the traveller ' s adventure .
aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his series of videos based around the topic .  the series asks americans to attempt the australian accent by saying ' g ' day mate , how you going ? ' .  one man in austin , texas , was convinced murray said ' get out of my nightgown ' , but he simply declared ' can ' t do it ' .
jack wilshere moved a step closer to recovery from the ankle injury .  mikel arteta and abou diaby were both recovering from ankle and calf injuries .  alex iwobi scored a hat - trick for arsenal alongside a few of their senior stars .
prasanna  nick  arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door .  he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away .  a customer in the costco car park reported hearing a ' nasty crunch ' .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner .  when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand .  forty - nine precious stones followed .  eric horton ' s boat house thought it could have broken a record for the most pearls in one oyster but apparently the number stands somewhere in the eighties .
juventus are 14 points clear of roma at the top of the serie a table .  if they win the league , it will be a fourth straight scudetto .  massimiliano allegri replaced antonio conte last summer .
daniel sturridge faces a race to be fit for liverpool ' s fa cup semi - final clash with aston villa on sunday .  the striker failed to train again on thursday as brendan rodgers stepped up preparations for the fa cup quarter - final .  steven gerrard could return at wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against newcastle united .
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl at rydens school in hersham , surrey .  the 31 - year - old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car .  he was giving one - to - one tuition in a ' serious ' breach of his position of trust . the father - of - one , of addlestone , surrey , is facing jail after admitting a string of sex offences .
ten - year - old martha was paddling in the water in leasowe , merseyside .  she was caught out by a strong current while playing on the shoreline .  new brighton rnli crew were called and managed to grab her by the collar .  but as they were unable to save their pet , they pulled her on to the lifeboat .  lifeboats have warned about the importance of owners not attempting to rescue their pets , who get into difficulty at sea .
one - year - old sarina aziz became agitated on flight from israel to luton .  cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents ' lap and asked for help .  she was ejected from the plane and met by police after being accused of causing a security breach .  transavia airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not ' following safety instructions ' .
sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia .  the father - of - three was attacked by two hundred corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit .  the two have been in custody for months and were facing a second - degree murder charge before making the plea deal .
justin welby said 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen were ' witnesses ' to their faith and suffered ' cruel deaths ' . comments follow pope francis ' denunciation of ' senseless ' killings at garissa university college , in which christians were singled out and shot .  david cameron says it was ' truly shocking ' that christians were still tortured or killed because of their faith in much of the world .
kate major lohan has been arrested for a ' drunken attack ' on her husband michael lohan , tmz report .  she is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of lindsay lohan .  kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking , claimed michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating .
christien sechrist , a 20 - year - old from houston , texas , had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july .  but a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on imgur earlier this week .
manchester united beat city 4 - 2 at old trafford on sunday .  louis van gaal ' s side are four points clear at the top of the manchester derby .  gary neville said united could have considered seven points a good result .
arsenal tula vs torpedo moscow stopped for seven minutes on sunday .  fans broke down barriers and tried to get to the east stand .  referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms . torpedo ' s fans have caused trouble on a number of occasions .
since 2008 , 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues .  lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - was banned by the u . s . military due to concerns over side effects .  mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in what critics say is an escalating ' scandal ' .
becky handley , 20 , discovered her father ' s grisly crimes against a child .  he was jailed for 13 - and - a - half years at birmingham crown court .  his daughter , who was kept from seeing him as a child , disowned him .  miss handley now wants to change her name via deed poll .
secretary of state john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of tehran ' s backing of shiite houthi fighters .  it comes as a saudi - led coalition continues to pound anti - government forces in yemen at the start of a third week of bombing .  mr kerry said : ' iran needs to recognise that the united states is not going to stand by while the region is destabilised or while people engage in overt warfare ' .
dana vulin was set alight at her perth home in february 2012 .  the 29 - year - old suffered horrific third degree burns to her face and body .  natalie dimitrovska will argue her 17 - year jail sentence was too severe .
javier pastore believes eric cantona and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him .  pastore scored a brace in psg ' s 3 - 1 win at nice on saturday .  psg face barcelona in the second leg of their champions league tie .
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda .  but the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot .  police have hailed the passer - by as a hero for possibly saving the woman ' s life .  a manhunt has been launched to find three alleged accomplices who are said to have fled the scene in a red mini van .
new york city fc striker david villa has been invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange .  the nyse ' s opening bell is rung at 9 . 30am , while the closing bell is struck at 4pm .  villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for the club .
the footage was captured at a birthday party in china ' s sichuan province .  the woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them .  four people then attach themselves to the wood and the plank is lifted onto the woman  s feet by the assistants .
japanese women swear by ' beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne .  mahonia is a berry native to the rocky mountains that ' s been used by tribes for medicinal , food , and ceremonial needs .  when used internally , these compounds are liver tonics that improve bile flow , stimulate digestion and act as a tonic on the bowel wall .
tottenham are considering a state - of - the - art stadium with an nfl - style synthetic surface .  the new 400m stadium is due to be completed for the start of the 2018 - 19 season .  the nfl is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in london .  tottenham ' s new 65 , 000 capacity stadium could be better suited to the nfl than the 90 , 000 - seat wembley .
darron gibson has been ruled out of the rest of the season after damaging his metatarsal .  roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre - season in the best possible shape .  romelu lukaku is only ' 50 / 50 ' to be involved in saturday ' s trip to swansea .
joanne whitehouse , 44 , applied for her daughter alice , four , to go to school .  her sons joel , nine , harri , seven , and ollie , six , already attend school .  ms whitehouse ' s granddaughter olivia also missed out on a place at school .  she is planning to appeal rochdale council ' s decision .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia ' s kamchatka peninsula . 63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea ' s temperature near zero degrees celsius ( 32 degrees fahrenheit ) - but a further 15 are still missing .
filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet ' s ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests .  the eight - part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for netflix customers internationally .
tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao have yet to go on public sale .  the two camps and the mgm grand locked in a stand - off over allotments .  the impasse has left fans in the dark and ticket brokers perplexed .  mgm officials have been tight - lipped about their availability .
alastair cook was sacked as managing director of england and wales cricket board three weeks before the disastrous world cup .  downton was a supporter of cook as test captain but was persuaded to sack him as one - day captain .  the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing hugh morris .
celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the coachella valley music and arts festival .  as in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun .  this year ' s lineup includes rapper drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , kasabian , alt - j and toro y moi .
uk stylist lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style .  cotton dresses , cut - off mini skirts and mini hot pants all need to wait until at least june for an appearance .  all you need is a pair of pliers , a glue gun and some scissors .
snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month , a new tns survey shows .  only 24 per cent of scots plan to vote for mr miliband in the general election .  support for ukip in scotland is ' almost negligible ' , tns say .
duncan bannatyne said ed miliband  s plan to scrap the controversial  non - dom  status had won him over .  he tweeted : ' this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this ' . comes after hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories  economic record .
airbus a321 from baku , azerbaijan to london was forced to return back to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9 . 20pm local time departure .  a medical emergency and two technical issues meant delays for hundreds of passengers on aircraft that were all bound for heathrow over the weekend .  a third flight in 24 hours - # ba76 from luanda to london - diverted to paris charles de gaulle after leaving the angolan city just before midnight local time .
thor dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery .  he suffered fatal brain damage due to attempts to free the baby ' s head .  junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ' unorthodox and unacceptable ' way .  report will come as a blow to the hospital , which has just been taken out of ' special measures ' .  united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust was put on a turnaround regime almost two years ago because of concerns over high death rates .
the two - bedroom apartment is inside a 1920 ' s building on spaulding avenue l . a . ' s fairfax district .  cobain and courtney love lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992 , just before frances bean cobain was born .  current owner brandon kleinman , 31 , has listed it on airbnb .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period .  paul anderson is hoping to kick - start his side ' s misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence .  widnes are the only team yet to take a point from their travels but can climb to a season - high fourth if they make it three wins in a row .
barbara walters says that the former white house intern would be a ' run away success ' on the view .
created by australia - based paranormal games , the app ' s developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work .  the technology could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers , allowing people to live on in virtual reality .  it can all be programmed into virtual reality to create a living record of someone that people can interact with using vr headsets such as oculus rift .  but experts are divided over how this can impact a user ' s mental health .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live - in carer .  the pensioner had already used 50 , 000 of his life savings paying for his care .  mr clark is one of britain ' s oldest surviving prisoners of war .
jemma gawned , 40 , appeared on the first season of the australian big brother in 2001 .  she now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties .  the naked treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores in melbourne .  the 40 - year - old insists that ' spreading the vibration of love through food ' is the key to her success .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night .  pep guardiola hit his critics for six as they trounced porto to the semi - finals .  bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title , the german cup semi - final against borussia dortmund on april 28 .
david rush , 33 , from lisburn , northern ireland , used to weigh 34st . at his heaviest , he weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist xxxxxl clothes on the internet - the result of topping up with six bags of crisps .  but when his weight began to prevent him from walking easily , he decided to take action and ditched the takeaways in favour of a healthy meal plan .
palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a 50million ( 36m ) price tag on paulo dybala .  manchester united , chelsea , arsenal , inter milan , juventus and paris saint - germain are also interested in the ' new lionel messi ' .  palermo would more likely be guaranteed a first - team place in italy rather than france .
all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals .  it is possible the group may be linked to islamic state .
the world ' s largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek station in south australia .  the eleven cattle farms cover over 100 , 000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s . kidman and co . the business produces 15 , 000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1 . 3 percent of australia ' s exports .
derby were held to a 2 - 2 draw by watford at the ipro stadium .  steve mcclaren said his players only had themselves to blame .  the result leaves derby without a win in seven games .
navinder sarao , 36 , made the bold claim in october last year .  us prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the ' flash crash ' of wall street .  sarao was arrested last week and bailed with a surety of 5 million .
the agreement between iran and the west aims to prevent tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief .  mr rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal .  david cameron and barack obama insisted the deal was ' strong ' .
the 30 - year - old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite .  symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue .  if not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years .
people walking along somerton beach , southwest of adelaide , found a deceased man aged about 45 lying on the shore on december 1 , 1948 .  a post - mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body .
the world ' s greatest steeplechase takes place on saturday at aintree .  four out of 2 , 000 britons make their choice purely down to the name of the horse . 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck .  a surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the tv watching the race every year .
west ham lost 2 - 0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday .  sam allardyce was incensed that eliaquim mangala was not penalised for a foul against stewart downing .  the hammers boss was unhappy with downing for giving away possession .
givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 , revealed the surprising pick for his fall - winter campaign on instagram yesterday .  donatella regularly appears in ads for her own design house , versace , but this is the first time she is modelling for another designer .
packages containing heroin and cannabis cleared from hmp altcourse in liverpool .  hydraulic crane also recovered 22 phones , three sim cards and six chargers .
joseph o ' riordan was sitting on polegate town council when he grew suspicious his wife , amanda , was having an affair with the postman .  he hired a private investigator to follow her and discovered she was having a relationship with a man named nicholas gunn .  the 73 - year - old stabbed his wife eight times with a seven - inch kitchen knife eight times .
louis van gaal looks set to unleash an in - form captain on sunday .  wayne rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front .  the 29 - year - old had previously been deployed in midfield this season .  rooney has become the most significant figure in united ' s return to relevance .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
paula radcliffe has won the london marathon three times .  the 41 - year - old has battled back from injury to take part in the race .  she will be presented with the inaugural john disley lifetime achievement award .
baby foxes were discovered in a cardboard box in a car park in pennsylvania .  they were taken to the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center .  center is spending more than $ 1 , 000 looking after the foxes , who are being bottle - fed special ' fox milk ' and formula .
yannick bolasie scored his hat - trick for crystal palace against sunderland .  gary cahill has responded to the challenge of fighting kurt zouma for his place in chelsea  s defence .  arsenal have won 11 of those games to move from sixth in the premier league .
britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days .  it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday ' s london marathon .  the met office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on .
charlotte blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire .  the 17 - year - old had been studying film , performance , english and sociology .  friends have took to a facebook memorial page to pay tribute to her .
witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike ' completely squashed ' .  incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year .  cycle campaigners have organised a ' vigil and die - in ' at the site .
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , beating the previous record of 361mph ( 580km / h ) set in 2003 .  it was able to go so fast because it made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway .  this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction , providing a faster and quieter service .  the new line between tokyo and nagoya comes into service in 2027 .
manchester city beat leicester city 3 - 0 at the king power stadium .  isaac buckley and brandon barker scored for the hosts .  layton ndukwu had given leicester hope of clawing back the advantage .
alex oxlade - chamberlain and gary cahill pitted themselves against jack nowell of exeter chiefs and bath ' s george ford at england rugby ' s training centre in bagshot .  nowell hit the crossbar with a nonchalant kick during practice and uploaded the evidence with an instagram video and the caption ' happy # stgeorgesday ! ' .
toni duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for england this season .  the manchester city striker is working hard to rediscover her best form .  the 23 - year - old says she doesn ' t think you ' ve seen the best of england yet .
labour ' s football - mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal .  match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman .  labour narrowly won 3 - 2 , with mr murphy scoring the winner .  labour leader ed miliband said the shoot - out was ' not the first time that the conservatives have been put on the spot ' .
prime minister said easter was ' time to reflect on the part that christianity plays in our national life ' .  he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a ' fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be ' .  the archbishop of canterbury condemned certain welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders raising concerns about the shape of the economy .
the 28 - year - old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ' why i ' m on team weirdo for life ' .
episode of an hour with ruta aired on independent tv channel lnk last week .  claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents .  child protection service argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a ' sought - after commodity ' .  norway ' s ambassador to lithuania dag halvorsen admitted the issue of children being taken into care from foreign parents living in the nordic country was a major concern in lithuania .
glenn roeder is part of a new managerial committee at sheffield wednesday .  adam pearson helped lead hull ' s first climb to the top flight .  dejphon chansiri said they would form a recruitment committee .
the mole urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules .  the development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns , although it is still a long way from fruition .  the firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of northampton .
the great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario , canada , before launching its attack .  its eyes never straying from its prey , it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow .  photographer marc latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops .
amy johnson , 38 , was a passenger in a bmw when she went through the mcdonald ' s drive - through at stanmore in sydney ' s inner west on march 17 .  she allegedly grabbed a 16 - year - old woman by the neck and scratched her face .  the woman allegedly threw the woman ' s hand and she allegedly scratched his arm before police were called and arrested her .
paul smith is in pole position for a third successive joust against carl froch .  the wba have ordered their two super - middle world champions to meet in a unification fight .  ward , still ranked by many among the top five pound - for - pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring .
aidan turner , 31 , set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn .  expert chris riley , 56 , says his own physique is more like iggy pop .
salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk .  the 101 - year - old widow now does weights and sit - to - stand exercises several times a week .  the western sydney local health district ' s community - based program stepping on is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling .
ashley young wants to avoid being part of the first team to lose five successive manchester derbies to manchester city .  united have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals .  the 29 - year - old wants to end city ' s dominance when the blues come to old trafford .
angel di maria , pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo dined at san carlo restaurant .  united players had just returned from a disappointing 1 - 0 defeat by chelsea .  united ' s no 2 goalkeeper victor valdes was also in attendance .
andy carroll is currently in dubai with a hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow .  the west ham striker will not have a break over the summer .  the 26 - year - old had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against southampton in february .
the short film was created by italy ' s university of udine ' s hci lab .  it shows how passengers would survive a plane crash landing on water .  following a series of bird strikes , both engines failed , and only one was hospitalised ovenight , and the incident became known as ' miracle on the hudson ' .
# thisdoesn ' tmeanyes movement aims to stamp out myth that women are ' asking for it ' because of their choice of dress .  the campaign has also produced over 2 , 000 photographs of 200 women in london accompanied by the logo which states that no piece of clothing means ' yes ' .
great british bake off presenter tweeted : ' my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead .  .  .  this morning , someone suggested they  d like to see me burn to death ' .  tv presenter fearne cotton among the fans sending perkins messages of support .  the 45 - year - old said : ' there are some strange people out there but nicer people too be with you soon sis xx ' .
laser expert patrick priebe built a working iron man - style arm and hand .  it fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer ' s palm .  in a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away .  he posts videos to youtube as anselmofanzero .
james hayward ' s toy gun was confiscated at east midlands airport .  the four - year - old had to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk .  dad phil has labelled the security checks ' ludicrous ' and criticised staff .
carlo ancelotti has to choose between isco , toni kroos , luka modric and james rodriguez to finalise his best starting line - up .  spanish papers report that seven players into six spots doesn ' t go .
manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league .  manuel pellegrini believes his side must sign a ' crack ' player in the summer .  city have failed to build on a title success since sheikh mansour ' s 2008 takeover .
the canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an ' announcement ' on a big tv screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne .  dfat has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt .  the main role of the employees involved in the parnk is to ensure passport applicants meet the requirements in a process known as ' ello ' .
golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers 116 - 105 on wednesday .  steph curry made 77 shots in a row during the three - point drill .  the 27 - year - old made a staggering 77 of his 100 attempts during the session .  he has been regarded as one of the best - ever shooters from behind the arc .
two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the middle east . it ' s claimed they were on their way to join the islamic state .  the new agreement was also initiated to close the turkish border to radicalised australians .  australia has agreed to expand its intelligence sharing with turkish counterterrorism agencies .
michael churton was with four colleagues at the mount everest base camp .  he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow and ice for a minute .  the 38 - year - old believes the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with .  at least 17 people who were on mount everest at the time have died .
jake boys , 19 , surprised girlfriend emily canham , 18 , by telling her they would fly to republic of ireland instead of wales .  miss canham tweeted : ' i could see the problem ' .  mr boys is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to cardiff .
an icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour .  called the jungle bar it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate .  cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients .  the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been seen out on shopping trips this week .  the duchess was spotted in her local homeware store , zara home , in kensington high street .  she recycled a bright pink coat by british brand mulberry ( whose newest model is none other than cressida bonas ! )
harry kane is the youngest premier league captain this season .  the 21 - year - old believes tottenham can gatecrash the top - four party .  spurs are now seven points behind manchester city with just seven games remaining .
beachfront property in smugglers cove , near portreath , has gone on the market for 3million .  estate agents have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage , overlooking an ancient smugglers  cove on cornwall ' s north coast . the summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift , and the summer cottage has direct access to the beach .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
simba was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim , near bonn , germany .  owners helga and eberhard henkel had lost their pet in early march .
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide .  they hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change  but not everyone is convinced .
an injured and diseased husky has been picked up by rspca inspectors in adelaide .  the husky has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly the result of being hit by a car .  he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long - standing case of mange , which has sparked secondary skin infections .
roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan .  sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it .  mr barnes rescued roger in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway .
watford beat birmingham 1 - 0 in the championship on saturday .  craig cathcart ' s goal was enough to put watford top of the championship with just two games of the season remaining .  ikechi anya and matej vydra scored for the hornets .
obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht .  scouts from manchester united , everton , sunderland , burnley , dortmund and leverkusen were in belgium to watch the top of the table .  sportsmail understands the 19 - year - old was the reason the scouts from england and germany were in attendance .
james krainch was 22 months old when he toppled out of a condo window .  he died from his injuries after falling out of the window to his death .  michelle newman said she looked up to see her son ' s heels as he fell .  she said other parents play games at his grave , flying kites and laughing .
the city of miami police department confirmed that dr fredric brandt ' s death on sunday was a suicide by hanging .  an autopsy was scheduled on monday , the coroner confirmed . comedian and former the view star joy behar tweeted : ' dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with .  he will be sorely missed ' .
images show soldiers of the french second foreign parachute regiment dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the libya - niger border .  france began setting up a command base in northern niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat international jihadist groups .  roughly 300 fighters linked to al qaeda ' s north african arm aqim , including a splinter group formed by veteran islamist commander mokhtar belmokhtar .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon .  but a crowd of more than 3 , 000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre - emptive joy .  simon ' s time , 8 : 57 . 86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds .
four seasons set out to recreate their famous hotel experience in the sky .  each four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals throughout the trip .  the inside of the aircraft features leather flat - bed seats , which are the work of italian design iacobucci .
oliver pareece jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6 . 26am .  he then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga , california .  after he left the store , he withdrew another $ 100 in cash , she told daily mail online .
donald graham , 62 , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 .  he stole 300 , 000 of her savings , her land rover and porsche , took her horses .  ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found .  graham jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown .  prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill - gotten gains , which they said totalled 816 , 127 . 86p .
tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas sold out within a minute of going on sale .  one lucky english fan managed to snare a ticket for $ 7 , 924 ( 5 , 265 ) and tweeted his booking confirmation on thursday .  a batch of between 500 and 1 , 000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega - fight in may .
a california homeowner ' s surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their los angeles home mid - afternoon .  two men and one woman can be seen entering the house through the kitchen , peeking and even tip - toeing around .  the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face .  a 5ft safe and a number of firearms were stolen from the home .
the fbi say the location the bar was found - somewhere in south florida - has provided them with a big break in the case .  the highway heist occurred on march 1 in wilson county , almost halfway into the truck ' s journey from miami to boston .  police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18 - wheeler truck pulled over when one of the two armed guards on board ' felt sick ' .
seven - year - old colin gilpatric sent letter to george lucas asking him to change the rule that bans the knights from marrying .  ' i don ' t like that a jedi cannot get married .  i want to come to skywalker ranch please , love colin ' .
a ' blob ' of warm water 2 , 000 miles across is sitting in the pacific ocean .  since last june it has extended from alaska to mexico . it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere .  and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts .  since the year 2000 , seven western states in the us has seen their driest periods in centuries : arizona , colorado , nevada , new mexico , nevada and wyoming .
mikaela jane davidson was born april 4 at boston ' s brigham and women ' s hospital .  her father , dr michael davidson , was killed at the hospital january 20 , leaving behind his wife , dr . terri halperin , daughters kate , 10 , and their 2 - year - old son , graham .  dr davidson was shot by stephen pasceri , 55 , on the morning of january 20 and passed away late on january 20 .
three ' s feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe , australia , the united states , asia and the middle east . customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their uk price plans .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion .  he was sentenced to 18 years in state prison for running a ' revenge porn ' site that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming .  the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the u . s .
host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show .  he fielded the first query of the night from a college employee .  retired jerry stockton , from virginia , called it ' disrespectful to women ' .  another said it had been an ' odd choice ' for the first joke of the evening .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one - man pitch invasion during royals ' fa cup quarter - final replay win over bradford city last month .  he did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back , before being tackled by stewards .  sumner , from wokingham , berkshire , said he had no regrets about the incident .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , their daughter zoha , seven , and their three sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one , were caught on camera on a cross - channel ferry .  police say they left their home in slough , berkshire , without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members , which is out of character .  mr malik had told his family he wanted to ' live in a muslim country ' .
nra ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u . s . senate as evidence of the group ' s political clout .  he urged members to stand up against looming gun - control efforts .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3 - 2 in their uefa youth league final .  isaiah jay brown scored two goals for the blues in the final .  the 18 - year - old was the star of the show in the showpiece final .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey know each other inside out .  sherwood came close to the qpr job when harry redknapp resigned .  the pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in birmingham .
uber driver emerson decarvalho , 38 , allegedly ran down a cyclist who was shouting at him , leaving the cyclist with several broken bones .  the cyclist sustained a punctured lung , broken ribs and a broken clavicle , police and media reported .  uber said there was no passenger in the vehicle at the time .  the company announced a worldwide code of conduct this year after an uber driver was charged with rape in india in december .
gerard pique is preparing to play his 300th game for barcelona .  the 28 - year - old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united .  pique ranks didier drogba , lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo as the three best he has came up against .
michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after shooting walter scott , 50 , after stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday .  on friday , his wife jamie , who is eight - and - a - half months pregnant , and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him .  slager is housed in a room with one window and does not have any interaction with other detainees at charleston county jail .
fraser ross , who founded the kitson fashion brand , is embroiled in a legal dispute after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store .  his behaviour led the company to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship .  kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including victoria beckham , lady gaga and kendall jenner .
saracens hooker tom youngs was sin - binned for a barge on chris ashton , who had passed the ball to richard wigglesworth .  but the second - placed londoners were frustrated by their failure to earn a four - try bonus .  billy vunipola scored after youngs ' exit and marcelo bosch scored after the break .
gary caldwell has been officially unveiled as wigan athletic manager .  the latics are eight points adrift of safety with just five games to go .  wigan chairman david sharpe is confident he has made the right call .
sydney grandfather peter mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes after he was found with homemade alcohol in his car last year .  the 57 - year - old says he received little assistance from the australian embassy in saudi arabia .  he has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation as to why this is happening .
stoke have opened talks with evian flyer daniel wass .  the 25 - year - old is available for around 3 . 5million .  wass has been watched by chelsea , liverpool and newcastle .
daily mirror claims it handed the images to police , who were ' delighted ' .  apparent source says it ' blows the case wide open ' .  but detectives say they already had cctv footage ' at the earliest opportunity ' . comes after mailonline refused to say whether they had the footage .  former flying squad chief john o ' connor : ' i ' ve never heard of anything like this ' .
chelsea travel to the emirates on sunday to face arsenal .  the blues are 10 points clear of second - placed arsenal .  jose mourinho ' s side have already won the capital one cup this season .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 1 at old trafford on sunday .  louis van gaal ' s side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours .  marouane fellaini scored united ' s first goal in the etihad derby .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
delrea good of portage , indiana was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff ' s department patrolman william marshall .  good has no previous criminal record and says that is her job will be in jeopardy .  if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job .
hazel the bulldog is featured in a number of videos uploaded to youtube .  her owner uploads her youtube channel and instagram page .
the duke and duchess of cambridge will appear in newzoids .  their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince harry .  prince harry will also feature in the six - part series , ' i ' m a catastrophe .  .  .  get me out of here ' .  ed miliband ' s effigy will also be reimagined as a version of gogglebox ' s dominic parker ' s backside .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , posted a sign on his truck that reads , ' looking for a date ? would you date a single father ? ' .  the advertisement then shows his phone number and below reads ' * ages 21 and up * ' .  thomas has joint - custody of one of his sons , aged six to 11 , who he said that his kids think the sign is ' cute ' .
wiley bridgeman , 60 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , were awarded a collective $ 1 . 6million in compensation from ohio court of claims on friday .  the brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of cleveland businessman harry franks in 1975 .  last year , the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution ' s key witness recanted his testimony as an adult .
lotatoa ' lota ' ward had already run several half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1 , 700 for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy .
progress m - 27m appears to have suffered a major malfunction after launch .  it was due to dock with the iss six hours after take off , but plan has now been ' indefinitely abandoned ' .  nasa reported that a video camera on progress showed it to be spinning at a ' rather significant rate ' .  orbital parameters were due to be sent from a russian ground site , allowing for a eight ' rendezvous burns ' to be performed over the next five hours of flight .
charlie hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract .  the 25 - year - old is the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred since john hampshire for tasmania in 1978 .  he finished third top scorer in queensland ' s final match of the 2014 - 15 season , a victory over south australia at the gabba .
volcano calbuco , in southern chile , has laid dormant for more than 40 years .  it is believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile ' s 90 active volcanoes .  1 , 500 people were forced to flee nearby town of ensenada after eruption .
margaret hesketh went in to royal albert edward infirmary in wigan on october 28 last year with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia .  medics told her family there was little they could do for the 70 - year - old because she was riddled with tumours .  but they claim a post - mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother - of - six , and she died of pneumonia while malnourished .
the winner ' s share of the $ 10million pot worked out at 1 . 23m in our currency .  anyone who made the cut was guaranteed 17 , 000 .  tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired together for the final round .
paul monk , 54 , from essex , was wanted by spanish police for questioning .  he was also wanted by the metropolitan police on drug offences .  monk ' s body washed up on costa blanca beach in march last year .
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday .  another three - year - old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger .  minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead .  now , investigators are trying to determine where the gun came from .
rory mcilroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquer the golfing world .  the northern irishman is hoping to complete a full set of major titles in augusta on april 9 .
jordan sim - mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook .  the 24 - year - old claimed he worked in ' midnight removals ' in his online profile .  he was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries .
489 british holidaymakers were stuck in lisbon on the mv azores .  they were due to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday night .  but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ' unresolved ' and ' historic ' financial wrangle .  the harbour master then refused to let the ship leave for bristol .
protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday .  there have been more than 1 , 400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in qatar .  the decision to award the world cup to qatar has been controversial .
michelle carter , 18 , was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend , conrad roy ii , in fairhaven , massachusetts last july .  during the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county , saying it ' s ' impossible ' for her to receive a fair trial in the area .  however , the district attorney ' s office filed a response arguing that the da , thomas quinn , has excused himself from any involvement in the case .
terry cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam .  the huge badger burst through a hedge with two cubs .  mr cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked .  national farmers ' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers .
rose byrne and gracie otto have joined up in new film - making collaboration ' the doll house collective ' .  the quintet will collaborate together on films , share ideas and creative advice , and even provide financial support to each other ' s projects .
graziano pelle scored his first premier league goal since december 20 .  hull city goalkeeper steve harper was given a yellow card in the first half .  pelle went on to seal the victory in the 81st minute .
more than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted .  labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority .  electoral reform society claims result in 364 seats can be called .
tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton - under - lyne in tameside , greater manchester , was meant to ink ' riley ' - the name of his two - year - old son - into his left arm .  but instead of ' l ' , mr moffatt started needling the letter p - and had to ' scribble ' over the mistake .  he also attempted to mark himself with riley ' s nickname ' sony boy ' .
royal marine bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make - up .  he forced her to hand over passwords of her e - mail and social media accounts .  the 30 - year - old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and attacked her .  his violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages .  burnett was jailed for two years and two months by judge phillip wassall .
researchers at joint base lewis - mcchord in tacoma , washington , looked at military records of 3 . 9million personnel who served after 9 / 11 .  they found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates .  suicides among active duty service members have surged in the past decade , almost doubling in the army and the marines corps .
everton defeated burnley 1 - 0 in their premier league clash at goodison park on saturday .  kevin mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team after being shown the red car by referee mike jones .  chelsea manager jose mourinho condemned the burnley forward for a ' criminal challenge ' on nemanja matic in february .
recorder philip cattan , 65 , from cheshire was seen to fall asleep during rape trial .  a retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time .  incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in the trial of john quigley , which was expected to last five days .  quingley , 49 , was found guilty of child sex charges and jailed for 14 years .
steve cotterill has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one .  city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone ' s paint trophy win last month .  lansdown is a rare breed in english football , unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else .
town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100 , 000 ticket machines in the uk .  motorists without old - style coins must use 1 and two 20p pieces for a typical 1 . 25 hour ' s parking .  council also charges 1 . 85 for an hour and a half and 3 . 10 for two hours and 30 minutes .
research led by the university of montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements .  researchers found that during recovery periods of exercise , it didn  t matter what food was eaten .  performance remained the same after resting for several hours , while levels of glycogen were actually slightly higher .  just eight minutes of high - intensity cycling was found to be more beneficial than going at a moderate pace for 25 minutes - the current recommended level .
the far - right afrikaner resistance movement ( awb ) is training thousands of youths in military - style bootcamps to fight for a separate white state .  by day , they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self - defence lessons , all the while being told of the danger from ' the millions of blacks trying to kill you ' .
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will go on and be one of the best manager ' s in the world once he has done his apprenticeship under louis van gaal .  scholes believes outgoing borussia dortmund manager pep klopp could end up in the premier league .  bayern munich ' s head coach pep guardiola could be heading manchester city when his contract expires at the end of next season .
phil jones wants manchester united to turn up and play their football .  the 23 - year - old started for united in their 3 - 1 win at home to aston villa .  united are currently third in the premier league table .
stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in bushland the following friday .  her father robert said it is especially painful that stephanie ' s life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to .  a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson - woolley ' s wedding at eat your greens venue .
corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton , greater manchester .  the 42 - year - old had served in the first gulf war , bosnia , angola and northern ireland in the royal engineers from 1989 until 2000 .  after retiring from the army , he was diagnosed with post - traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) , depression and fibromyalgia , a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain .
named hyperion , the moon ' s porous surface can be seen in incredible detail .  hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular .  scientists believe around 40 per cent of the moon is empty space .
the 4wd , containing four children and an adult , crashed into a lake at wyndham vale , in melbourne ' s outer west this afternoon .  police believe that all children are under the age of six .  the driver was transported via road ambulance to the royal children ' s hospital and remains in a serious condition .
charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for 110 days off the west coast of africa .  the thunder ' s captain and crew manned life rafts before the vessel sank to the ocean bottom .  video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said thunder issued a distress signal .
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ' best week of my life ' .  the 21 - year - old scored on his england debut against lithuania on march 27 at turf moor .  tottenham are seven points off fourth - placed manchester city .
the duchess of cambridge ' s wardrobe came from the high street .  hobbs , a mid - range label , has taken her through everything from glamorous evening events to international tours .  the duchess is also a huge fan of a small anglo - french label called seraphine .
chilean pickpockets are the most effective thieves operating in london .  gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end .  a bag they were carrying contained 130 , 000 and 20k as well as gold and diamond jewellery .
the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin .  they live for three to four months and feed off animal and human dead skin .  dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in australian homes .
kristin holmes , 26 , arrested for ' facebook thugging ' after posting photo on site .  captioned photo : ' i ' ll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you " come find me ' .  ' she then ' exchanged words ' with other users on site , it is reported .  holmes , from chesterfield , virginia , has been charged with harassment by computer .  she is now facing class 1 misdemeanor harassment and $ 2 , 500 fine .
ian gibson , 55 , was a lauded figure among u . s . safari enthusiasts .  he would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in south africa .  his american client , who was also present , has not been identified .  twitter users have been widely unsympathetic to gibson ' s death .
around 1 . 3 billion chinese people marked the qingming festival , a three - day holiday in china .  families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones .  the ' yellow emperor ' huang di , considered the founding father of the chinese nation , ascended into heaven on the back of a dragon .  the festival falls in the first week of april every year and is one of the 24 chinese solar terms .
ethan czahor has launched  clear  which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer .  users can search for keywords such as  gay  ,  black  or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them .
engineers have developed a human powered vehicle ( hpv ) and will attempt to beat the women ' s arm - powered speed record in nevada later this year .  it will be powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21 . 39 miles per hour ( 34 . 42 km / h ) over a 656ft ( 200 - metre ) stretch of tarmac .  it has a built - in electric motor with a chainless drivetrain .
thailand ' s kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to overtake american peter uihlein and spain ' s pablo larrazabal .  the 25 - year - old has one european tour win to date when he won the malaysian open in 2013 .  double masters champion bubba watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
clint hill scored his first premier league goal in qpr ' s 3 - 3 draw at aston villa on tuesday night .  the defender believes other teams will be worried about their survival .  rangers are two points adrift of safety in the premier league table .
geoff haigh , 61 , wanted to marry heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer .  pair settled on a venue close to their home in oldham , greater manchester .  guests were forced to listen to the song ' wonderful life ' 10 times in a row .  the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two .
in 1995 , there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country .  in comparison , that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013 . comes at a time when immigration is being heavily discussed by political parties .
the 77 - year - old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car .  days later , a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula .  she was referred to see opthalmologist mohit gupta , who works at pilgrim hospital in boston , england .  he said the retina does not conduct electricity well , suggesting the injury was caused by the heat produced when the bolt struck .
aden gould , 21 , went into sainsbury ' s branch in stoke - on - trent .  he opened two boxes containing 25 speakers and put them back on display .  but he was cleared of shoplifting and told to pay a 150 ' security fee ' .
simon mitchell , 44 , stole from donna ' s dream house , a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool , lancashire .  the volunteer worker was meant to be helping the charity by raising its profile following a devastating arson attack in 2011 .  he pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at preston crown court where he was due to stand trial after a three - year criminal investigation .
endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines .  pain during first two days of bleeding is normal , any other time during the cycle is not .  dr lara briden says it ' s when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor .
the university of sydney ' s commercial arm , sydney learning , has run the pilot program with scot ' s college .  eight students gained ' direct entry ' to the university after completing the program in 2014 .  state education minister adrian piccoli has called the university shortcut ' unfair ' .
29 - minute video titled ' until it came to them - clear evidence ' has been released .  at least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded .  this follows another video in february of beheading of 21 coptic christians on the beach in libya .  it raises fears that isis is consolidating its presence on the ' doorstep of europe ' as libya is just a few hundred miles from italy .
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby .  in scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three - day spring steam gala .
oxford scientists say a mercury - like body struck the young earth .  the object would have been the heat source for our planet ' s core .  the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon .  it also explains where some rare - earth elements came from .
joel burger and ashley king accepted the company ' s payment proposal .  bk will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags , mason jars and burger king crowns .  the couple has been known as burger - king since they were in the fifth grade together , in new berlin , illinois .
bio security measures are being stepped up at brisbane international airport .  aedes aegypti , known for its black and white stripes , can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya .  the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on february 17 , march 30 and again on march 31 .  in february authorities were forced to step up bio security at perth , adelaide and brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds .
the 58 - year - old actress , who is married to tom hanks , announced on tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer .  celebrity friends flocked to twitter to pass their best wishes to the actress as katie couric wrote : ' sending the wonderful ritawilson love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health ' .
last month , nasa captured a 17 miles ( 27km ) long iceberg being born in the west antarctica ' s getz ice shelf .  b - 34 is the 34th iceberg from the ' b ' quadrant of antarctica to be tracked by the nic .
princesses elizabeth and margaret were let loose to join jubilant crowds .  the adventure has been re - created in a new film , released next month .  the queen is said to remember the night with ' great happiness ' .
john doyle , 79 , was helping two 12 - year - old girls across the road to school .  businessman genti rustemi , 45 , drove over the crossing point without slowing .  mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past . he then punched mr doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards .  rustemi escaped a jail sentence this week after admitting assault causing actual bodily harm and dangerous driving .
charles and camilla were invited to fit the bungs on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery in aberdeenshire .  but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature .  owners harvest barley from their own farm , distil and mature the whisky on the estate and use the water which runs through the land .
lewis hamilton says his champagne - spraying of a grid girl was ' a fun thing ' .  the world champion says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the chinese grand prix in shanghai .  the incident drew condemnation from a campaign group against sexism and called on him to apologise .
the 32 - year - old was inspecting a weapons factory in pyongyang .  footage shows his right - hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage .  it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for kim jong - un .
bristol rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920 .  darrell clarke was distraught at the end of last season but there could be tears of joy this time around .  rovers play alfreton , barnet , who hold a one - point lead and a vastly better goal difference going into their game against gateshead .
the cafe is based in moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea .  all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped .  customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview .
manchester united lost 1 - 0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday .  louis van gaal ' s side are now 11 points clear of the premier league leaders .  wayne rooney was happy with his side ' s start to the season .
paul hellyer , who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos .  he claims that the aliens have ' been visiting our planet for thousands of years ' and are unimpressed with how we live .  hellyer is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real .
kayonna cole filmed the moment at her home in los angeles .  she remains calm as the tarantula removes its fangs from her skin .  later in the video the spider begins pinching her once more .
the brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon .  but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side - effects for people with alzheimer ' s . the world ' s first rainbow crossing has already been unveiled in vancouver in canada and vancouver in australia is planning to make a temporary crossing permanent .
the 44 - year - old said she and alice arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 .  this time they did not have a ceremony at chiswick house , west london , nor did they invite any guests .  miss balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the uk .
john travolta has broken his silence on the hbo documentary going clear : scientology , hollywood & the prison of belief .  he said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive - - nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film .  ' i haven ' t experienced anything that the hearsay has ( claimed ) , so why would i communicate something that wasn ' t true for me ? ' he said .
feidin santana , 23 , visited the family ' s charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the slain man ' s parents , son and other relatives .  santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at scott , 50 , in north charleston on saturday .  scott ' s father , walter scott , sr .  , also hugged the man and said : ' thank you for another son , god , thank you ! ' .
eating out is associated with higher calorie , saturated fat and salt intake .  those who frequently dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre - hypertension .
gary deegan caught gary irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge .  referee craig charleston saw an incident , but not the gory details .  pfa chief executive fraser wishart disagreed , telling them to put the genie back in the bottle .
sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre tweeted ' inappropriate ' comments on the day of the centenary services .  the comments were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag # sackscottmcintyre .  social media users claimed the tweets were offensive and ' un - australian ' especially on anzac day .
video of the february 19 incident emerged on tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana , northwest of tucon , with a rifle .  speaking to cnn , rozema was asked if officer michael rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect mario valencia , 36 .  ' that very well may be .  .  that it ' s luck that he is still alive .  the fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized , '
bruce jenner and linda thompson met at the playboy mansion when he was pregnant from his first wife , chrystie crownover .  they fell in love and got married in hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son , brandon .  a few years later they welcomed a second son together , brody .
arty artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron , potassium , vitamin c and magnesium .  flavoured with spearmint and apple , the 30 - calories per 100ml water is sweetened with agave and fruit .
chief executive mike coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement last september .  former sansbury ' s business partner amr el - nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques .  mr coupe is believed to have travelled to the middle eastern country last sunday to appeal the conviction , which dates back to a time when he didn ' t work at the firm , but this was unsuccessful .
lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs .  she came up with the idea after spending days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes .  the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns , a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio , muscle cells and rabies .
the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour , in dunedin on thursday .  samples of the bizaree creature , known to swim vertically as well as eating sections of their own tail , were sent to see otago museum for testing .  scientists have been unable to explain why they self - amputate , but some have proposed it is a form of protection .
epping ongar historic railway used to shoot ' hardcore schoolgirl ' porn film .  location was rented out to american adult film company brazzers .  parents quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by decision .  epping ognar railway has apologised for allowing railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography .
camellias are easy to grow , but picky about soil and mope in alkaline .  they tend to lose their youthful charm after five or six years , but are not difficult to propagate .  you can see them in flower , select your favourites and enjoy this year ' s display .
caron wyn jones , father of welsh first minister carwyn jones , underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend .  he paid because the welsh nhs could not perform the operation soon enough .  he was keen to get it done before a holiday .  disclosure came as mr miliband unveiled his general election manifesto for the nhs .
sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds .  police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham , after reports of a stabbing .  when officers arrived they found a 19 - year - old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers .  a murder investigation has been launched and police believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them .
jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa against qpr .  the 19 - year - old saw villa lose twice at wembley in 2010 - in the league cup final and in the fa cup semi - final .  villa face liverpool in the premier league on april 19 .  click here for all the latest aston villa news .
joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff on september 28 , 1939 .  her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught .  terry phillips , 71 , who is joyce ' s cousin , has accused police of a ' cover - up ' for not releasing paperwork on the case .
a brazilian website claims to have the new chelsea kit for sale .  the website has three chelsea kits with the incoming ' yokohama ' sponsor across the front , albeit without the adidas emblem .  didier drogba ' s chelsea deal expires at the end of the season and he has not yet signed a new contract at stamford bridge .
image shows ' ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes in the erg chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria .  but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known .  the dunes have been known to measure as long as 99 miles ( 160km )
mike brown has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21 .  brown was knocked out in a collision with italy ' s andrea masi .  conor o ' shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby  s collisions after a week - long holiday in dubai and no closer to being declared symptom - free .
uefa have charged bayern munich manager pep guardiola for wearing a t - shirt demanding justice for jorge ' el topo ' lopez .  lopez was killed in a car crash at the world cup in sao paulo in july .  uefa say the spanish manager has been disciplined because of an ' incident of a non - sporting nature ' .
christy mack , 23 , claims jonathan paul koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one - year relationship .  she claims he offered to look after her , bringing pizza to her hotel .  mack says he offered her pizza and offered to care for her .  the former porn star has 18 broken bones , a broken nose , a ruptured kidney , missing teeth , and a fractured rib .  now she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is undergoing reparative dental work .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth .  far from a conventional toast , mr fraser ' s song poked fun at the burdens of marriage .  the crowd , who can be heard bursting out in laughter throughout the song , erupt into a standing ovation at the end of the performance .
shaun andrew mckerry burst into shildon post office and stores .  the 31 - year - old waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant andrea brighty .  but he did not see owner sab dhillon ' s rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor , sending shelves and produce tumbling .  he was jailed for six years at durham crown court today .
scientists in china have introduced dna changes to reproductive cells .  they say that even embryos could be misused to allow parents to ' select ' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren .  the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out .  scientists have described the idea as ' dangerous and ethically unacceptable ' .  but others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers .
louise shepherd , 31 , was hiking through the madidi national park in bolivia .  she had taken a ' gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world .  her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 , said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday .
daisy , 26 , was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ' modern , cool and quintessentially british edge ' .  after years on the modelling circuit , daisy says the top tip is using concealer around her nose to even the skin tone .
swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety .  its veggie balls will be rolled out this month , created from a secret recipe of chickpeas , peas , carrots , peppers , corn , kale and seasoning .  the vegetable - based snack is more environmentally friendly than the meat version , because cows and pigs are responsible for methane emissions .
paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be pulled apart as they squared off .  the 21 - year - old has been hyped as the ufc ' s next big thing despite only having fought five times .  herrig was one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok .  she said : ' i ' m glad paige has a lot of hype around her because i feel that much more rewarding and it will make people respect me more ' .
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey ' s 13 - man squad to play oxford university .  the 34 - year - old has not played first - class cricket since being axed by england after last year ' s ashes .  pietersen hopes he can add to his 104 test caps and much - storied international career .
tony orrell , 56 , from feltham , middlesex , was too obese to work .  he had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up .
catalina viejo , 31 , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots .  she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp .  the bite - sized series is aptly titled ' a view of the end ' .  it is currently on display at the shag gallery in brooklyn , new york .
rotherham were sanctioned by the football league last week .  they played farrend rawson in their 1 - 0 win over brighton on easter monday .  the millers will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend .
ian bell has signed a three - year contract extension with warwickshire .  bell has won five trophies with warwickshire , including the county championship in 2004 and 2012 .  the 32 - year - old has gone on to play 105 test matches and 161 one - day internationals for england .
jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , went from a size 12 to 20 in four years .  her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb .  she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months .
severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday .  the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and newcastle .  it then covered 150km south from newcastle to wollongong where a third of australia  s population live .  the hunter valley was one of the worst - hit areas in nsw and this car in the town of blacksmiths got the brunt of the weather .
kingsley burrell , 29 , was taken into custody after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of birmingham .  when cctv showed that nobody had approached him , he was sectioned under the mental health act , and died four days later at the queen elizabeth hospital ( qe )
here are ten of the best swimming locations in the country to cover all your watery needs .  tinside lido , river , lake , pool or stream are among the places you could try .
police say clarence taylor , 44 , faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron , ohio .
homaro cantu , 38 , was found dead inside crooked fork brewery on tuesday .  cantu was opening up with his business partner on the north side of chicago .  friends say cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in moto and ing .  last month , investor alex espalin accused cantu of co - mingling with moto ' s funds to keep ing afloat .
gloucester beat exeter to set up challenge cup final against edinburgh .  cherry and whites delivered most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the twickenham stoop .  victory would earn west country a home play - off spot for next season  s champions cup .
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot .  there were no english clubs in the quarter - finals of the champions league .  none of our clubs have reached the last eight in the europa league either .  germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than england .
arsenal drew 0 - 0 with chelsea at the emirates on sunday afternoon .  francis coquelin has defended olivier giroud after criticism from thierry henry .  the french midfielder believes he must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title .  giroud scored 14 premier league goals for arsene wenger ' s side this season .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
jane bacon , 51 , booked the ' final trip ' to sharm el sheikh with her husband .  doctors told her she needed an 18 - week course of chemotherapy .  she bought the 1 , 000 - trip before doctors said she needed chemotherapy .  easyjet has now apologised and said it will be refunding the cost .
kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6 - 3 6 - 4 in the second round .  the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spaniards - seventh seed roberto bautista - agut .  eight - time champion rafael nadal ' s first match of this year ' s tournament will be a second - round clash with fellow spaniard nicolas almagro .
reanne evans lost 4 - 2 in the first round of qualifying for the crucible - staged betfred world championship .  the 29 - year - old lost narrowly to hong kong ' s ng on yee in the semi - finals .  yee , the 2009 and 2010 world amateur champion , only dropped four frames in four maths from the last - 16 stage onwards .
jose mourinho has the best clean sheets record in premier league history .  of the 189 premier league matches the portuguese has 101 clean sheets .  roberto mancini and carlo ancelotti have impressive defensive records .
' way of the cross ' walks took place in ohio , pennsylvania and over the brooklyn bridge , among others .  stations include jesus carrying the cross , jesus being nailed to the cross and jesus being placed in the tomb .  there is no celebration of mass on good friday , which many people fast on and abstain from meat .
sunderland host newcastle united at st james ' park on sunday .  john carver ' s side are the country ' s most out - of - form side .  the magpie mandate is survival and little more , a dispiriting acceptance of mediocrity which has permeated a squad in desperate need of overhaul , both in terms of quality and character .
lewis hamilton will start ahead of nico rosberg and sebastian vettel .  rosberg will start second , nearly one second ahead of hamilton ' s team - mate .  hamilton won last time out in malaysia and was four - hundredths of a second .
the dragon king dinosaur skull is being sold by hong kong - based experts evolve .  it is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9 . 2ft ( 2 . 8 metres ) high and 4 . 6ft ( 1 . 4 metres ) wide .  last time something of this size and quality came to market was when a tyrannosaurus rex fossil named ' sue ' was sold for 5 . 6 million ( $ 8 . 5 million ) in 1997 .
jim furyk defeated kevin kisner on the second play - off hole to win the rbc heritage title at hilton head .  the former us open champion hit a final round 63 to finish 18 - under in regulation play .  overnight leader troy merritt was three - shot down with a 69 on sunday .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter - final on tuesday .  ricardo quaresma and a second - half effort from jackson martinez sealed victory .  pep guardiola says his side will need to be ' perfect ' in the second leg .
incident happened on unregistered road between a417 and cowley in gloucestershire .  driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree .  officers tweeted a picture of the mishap to warn other drivers to take care on country roads .
juventus and liverpool are interested in signing chelsea midfielder oscar .  the 23 - year - old has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks .  oscar cost chelsea 19 . 35m and juventus want a profit on him .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
sarah , 36 , and mark brennan , 35 , never gave up hope of becoming parents .  they defied doctors to have eryn born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz .  but last september they were told they ' d never conceive naturally .  they found out at the 20 - week scan that they were expecting a girl .  sarah said : ' we just got used to it - to being let down every time ' .
madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion ponzi style fraud .  a new book about the financier claims he had put pressure on an israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst . he is said to have met eboli at a christmas party in 1997 at the montauk yacht club with his son mark , who later committed suicide over his father ' s fraudulent activities .
medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients at worcestershire royal hospital last friday .  it came as the west midlands ambulance service demanded action following delays in treatment .  the proportion of patients seen within the government maximum of four hours at a & e departments in england is below the target of 95 per cent again .  nhs england said 92 . 5 per cent of patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission , transfer or discharge in the week ending april 12 .
ella dawson , a recent graduate of wesleyan university who resides in new york city , was diagnosed with herpes two years ago .  she says she ' s been dropping the ' herpes bomb ' about six months after she had her first outbreak .  ' i had seen in the flesh what a simple " i have herpes " could do when said fearlessly , without shame , ' she said .
dion dublin made his presenting debut as a co - host on monday morning .  the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series .  the 45 - year - old was brimming with ideas for first - time property developers mike and lucia , who bought the property for 215 , 000 and hoped to sell it on for close to 270 , 000 .
west ham united host stoke city at upton park ( saturday 3pm ) ecuador forward enner valencia is available for saturday ' s game against stoke .  andy carroll remains sidelined , along with canada defender doneil henry .
the randolph , in oxford city centre , went up in flames this afternoon .  dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control .  the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed victorian building remains unclear .
alison , 43 , was left with a deformed breast that looked like a croissant .  she has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued .  surgeon vik vijh said he was shocked by the appalling damage .  he said : ' i hate the way i look and want to feel normal again ' .
intruders broke into a home in hatfield peverel , essex , and dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs .  they stole a wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage .  the group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and lumps of butter out on the sideboard .
the unidentified newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the 44 - year - old rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , while at an exxon station on sunday .  police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12 . 30am .  the victim told police that he pulled $ 3 , 200 cash from his pocket and dmx grabbed it out of his hand .
raghunandan yandamuri , 29 , of king of prussia , pennsylvania , is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says he would rather be executed immediately .  he was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of satayrathi venna , 61 , and the suffocation death of her grandchild saanvi , 10 months .  prosecutors argued he was mired in gambling debts and told police he committed the crime after losing $ 15 , 000 at a casino .
garry monk is out to claim a season - first against hull on saturday .  swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47 - point mark posted in their inaugural premier league campaign in 2011 - 12 .  swansea are seeking a double over hull after winning 1 - 0 at the kc stadium just before christmas .
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for .  the reports were made by alistair barr in the wall street journal .  google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team .
hillary clinton took the fast route home from iowa to the east coast : just a 3 - hour flight instead of 20 hours of driving time .  a united airlines regional jet carried her back to newark , the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua , new york home .  she held a top - secret meeting with democratic party insiders who were told to surrender their cell phones and cameras beforehand .
prime minister to amend working times regulations so for three days of paid leave .  but business leaders criticised the move as heavy - handed government intervention .
barclays chairman sir david walker defended the bank ' s decision to pay out 1 . 86billion in bonuses .  group chief executive antony jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to 5 . 5million , after opting to accept a 1 . 1million bonus .
nuku vanonyi cudjoe - calvocoressi was head of politics at st george ' s school in ascot .  the 41 - year - old pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a female passenger .  he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years .
belle gibson , 23 , admitted that her terminal brain cancer was a lie in an interview with the australian women ' s weekly .  leading psychologist jo lamble believes gibson could be displaying signs of a narcissism disorder and anti - social personality disorder .  ' a lack of remorse definitely fits in .  it ' s like - you do what you need to do to get what you want , ' says lamble .
farm worker seen urinating in field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire .  member of the public snapped him on his mobile phone after spotting him .  th clements & son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked with immediate effect .  passer - by said : ' it was disgusting .  it wants stopping .  we name and shame people for dropping litter in the streets .  we should do the same with this idiot ' .
uk clocked up growth of 2 . 8 per cent in 2014  the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations .  the uk is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the west . george osborne said the recovery would be put at serious risk by a labour government .
six - strong gang dressed in high - vis jackets captured on cctv .  they returned twice in three days to continue their audacious robbery .  footage reveals they returned again on saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping .  scotland yard today refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the mirror , but it is likely to place more pressure on police for not responding to the alarm .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
john allan claimed david cameron ' s decision to promise an in - out referendum means the cart is very firmly before the horse ' .  he suggested large firms could move their head offices from london ' relatively painlessly ' should britain exit the eu .
bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told the stunned audience that ' bobbi is awake .  she ' s in the exact same condition she was in when she entered the facility .  the singer didn ' t elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking about her spirit .  whitney houston ' s family insists the 22 - year - old is not awake and is still on a ventilator .
jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of manchester city .  the arsenal midfielder has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery in november .  the 23 - year - old called on his social media followers to help him lift out the contents of his shopping trolley .
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants .  he also called on the uk to take a ' fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war .  around 1 , 300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks .
the woman ' s lawyer says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper .  victor sena blood - dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message .  it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ' acknowledged ' by ellanora baidoo ' s hard - to - find husband .
former prime minister kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in brisbane ' s east of more than 20 years .  the tropical queenslander home was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck in december 1994 .  the two - storey norman crescent property was bought for $ 384 , 000 when they bought the house just over two decades ago .
christopher furniss - roe , from pontypool , south wales , was found in his bedroom .  his father jason desperately tried to save his son ' s life but he died the next day .  coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying he was probably looking for ' sympathy and forgiveness ' after the row .
the change . org petition has received 50 , 000 signatures since it was launched a month ago .  jaime singleton launched the campaign after she saw the baby tied up outside a restaurant at marina phuket resort in december last year .  the baby elephant , nadia , is a ' mascot ' for the resort and is used by another company in thailand in weddings .  ms singleton said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area don ' t own the elephants themselves .
patrick james fredricksen , 30 , has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter .  he was stopped on his way to one child ' s home in eastern utah , police say .  he had already used the bus ' s on - board list of children ' s names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl .  he has now been booked into emery county jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping .
huddersfield beat brighton 2 - 2 at st andrew ' s on tuesday night .  demarai gray was on target for the second successive game .  birmingham extended their unbeaten home record to seven games .  adam le fondre ' s seventh goal of the season rescued a point for blackburn .
terry richardson is known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him .  this week he faced accusations from the model kate upton that he had released the footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission .  the one - minute - long film has been viewed more than 22 million times .
jessica ennis - hill , mo farah and greg rutherford are set to compete at the sainsbury  s anniversary games .  all three won their gongs on super saturday three years ago in the heptathlon , 10 , 000 metres and long jump respectively .  they return to the olympic stadium as part of a three - day extravaganza involving some of the world ' s finest athletes .
the former olympic gold medalist won gold in the men ' s decathlon in 1976 .
michael shepard , 35 , has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years .  he was released from prison by officials who voted to give him a second chance .  police say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at cedar hollow apartments in pinellas park so that he could prey on their children .
hector valles , 25 , was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel .  officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get him out of his suv .  valles ' clothes had begun to burn as officers were still dragging him across the pavement .
edmund echukwu , 35 , was pulled from the water at a james bond - themed sex party at a 3million mansion in radlett , hertfordshire .  fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at watford general hospital .  it is believed he is a nigerian from north london who was at his first swingers ' party at the house .
video captures ' end of days ' band brawling with cops in cottonwood , arizona .  enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver shot .  ten - year cottonwood police veteran sgt jeremy daniels , 31 , was shot .  walmart employee is also seen trying to aid police and throws a punch .
volcano calbuco , in southern chile , erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky .  hundreds of people living in its shadow were forced to flee ensenada , about 10 miles away , to flee their homes .  but one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous ash cloud .
emma watson , 25 , has been a global icon since she was just 11 years old .  the harry potter star is now renowned for her influential role in women ' s right movements .  here , femail charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her global icon .
joel burger , 24 , and ashley king , 23 , from new berlin , illinois , went through high school together but didn ' t start dating until they were about to part ways for college .  after at least five years together , the couple plan to serve drinks in personalized burger king cups .
a - listers have tried - and - tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed .  they all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure . combining navy and black with elegant navy is both chic and flattering .
sunderland beat newcastle 1 - 0 in their premier league clash on sunday .  jermain defoe scored his third goal of the season for the black cats .  the 32 - year - old said he even had to question that it was even happening .
kim rose is running for nigel farage ' s party in southampton itchen .  he is being investigated by police over claims he tried to ' corruptly ' ' voters by giving them sausage rolls .  mr rose , 57 , branded police involvement as ' absolutely ridiculous ' .  he said voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ' change their mind for a sausage roll ' .
prime minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1 . 3million families in housing association properties to buy their home .  subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant .
the 45 - year - old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate .  ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue .  he hopes to return to work as a councilor in september .
the white house declined to give michele leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign .  her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information .  a u . s . congressional committee will .  investigate the claims , a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house committee on oversight and government reform told cnn today .
apple ceo tim cook said initial orders were ' great ' .  the device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment , but not to take home .  wall street analysts said it was too early to adjust their .  estimates for sales of the gadget .
second blast from calbuco volcano in over four decades sends vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air .  many people in puerto varas have become worried about the damage the ash will cause to their health .  another unexpected eruption in the los lagos region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated .
a five - year - old iranian girl has been prescribed anti - depressants , her lawyer says .  the girl ' s father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in iran .  the visa can take up to three years to process according to the department of immigration .
units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of grand valley state university in michigan after an april fools day prank .  fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire .  no one was hurt , and the girl is not expected to face charges .
patrick bamford scored his 19th goal of the season in middlesbrough ' s 2 - 1 championship win over wolves on tuesday night .  the 21 - year - old has been prolific in his loan spells at boro , derby and mk dons .  he will be given the chance to impress jose mourinho on summer tour .
australian jockey blake shinn suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while racing on thursday .  the 27 - year - old bared his bum to all at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury , austalia .  shinn ' s elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to overtake leader tommy berry with the finishing line in sight .  despite his embarrassing mishap , shinn was in good spirits after the race when he compared his situation to that of beauty queen jennifer hawkins .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion .  he was sentenced t 18 years for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming .  victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday .  seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama ; ' what black man holds a steady job for four years ' .  in the other emails president obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ' lazy ' and unable to speak english .
osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall session with the president on thursday .  during an answer about writer ' s block , obama started getting a little long - winded and osman stepped in .  obama grinned and replied , ' osman thinks i ' ve been talking too long ' .
charly was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the vandalism occurred .  the tagger managed to spray charlie without the handlers seeing .  the lapd has requested the public ' s help in identifying the person responsible .
representatives from comcast and time warner cable will meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday .  meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants .  also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming .
the man , who cannot be named , was given a life sentence after jurors heard how he ' took his daughter ' s life ' through sexual abuse .  his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just 10 .  as she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him , crying out : ' i love you and miss you ' .
the 26 - year - old was making her second official visit in less than four days .  she was greeted by a flag - waving crowd outside the maple hayes school of dyslexia in litchfield , staffordshire .  the engagement is the second in four days for the princess , who was criticised for going on 14 trips in just six months .
harrison ford ' s character dr richard kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train .  the scene was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus and cost an eye - watering $ 1 . 5million to shoot .  the wreckage has since become a tourist attraction in the great smokey mountains in north carolina .  fans of the film will recognise the inside of the bus where kimble tried to save prison officers and fellow inmates .
per mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the ' arguing culture ' .  arsenal were thrashed 6 - 3 by manchester city and liverpool last season .  the german thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality .
snp leader said her predecessor alex salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family .  ms sturgeon insisted she was not ' moaning ' but attacked the criticism she and other female politicians ' have had to endure over their appearance .  the steely first minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home .
liverpool beat newcastle 2 - 0 at anfield in the premier league .  raheem sterling and joe allen scored for the magpies .  brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification .
the eossc2 is an ' ultra flexible micro - car for mega cities ' in bremen , germany .  it can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways .  crabs have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces .  in the case of the car , the wheels pivot sideways , although some crabs can walk forwards as well .
wisconsin will play duke , an 81 - 61 winner over michigan state in the earlier semi - final , at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis on monday night .  kentucky has a long ride home , finishing the season at 38 - 1 short of becoming the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in college basketball since the 1975 - 76 indiana hoosiers .
patrick vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer .  the frenchman has been taking his coaching badges with the welsh football association under their technical director osian roberts .  vieira played for manchester city towards the end of his career .
henry howes narrowly failed to pick up a teddy as he played claw game .  he put his hand inside the machine ' s hatch - but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside .  it took workers half an hour to free the four - year - old as they searched for the keys to the machine .
prime minister said voters were not ' fully sure ' about tories at last election .  he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority , before adding : ' if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded ' .  remarks came after nick clegg insisted the tories were getting rattled because they knew they could not win an outright majority next month .
angela merkel and her husband , chemistry professor joachim sauer , have been spending easter on the island of ischia , near naples .  the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five - star miramare spa hotel on the south of the island .  prices start at 160 per night but can go up to 280 for some of the more expensive suites .
greece ' s football federation ( epo ) could be suspended from international competition over government interference .  fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence .  the greek government wants to stamp out incidents in a march aek athens - olympiakos match .
domenico rancadore , 65 , fled to italy in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence for his role as a ' man of honour ' .  he was sentenced to seven years in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .  but in february he was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .  but today it emerged that his case expired and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
theo walcott believes arsenal have been the ' best team in europe ' this season .  the 26 - year - old has struggled to maintain a first team place under arsene wenger .  danny welbeck , jack wilshere and kieran gibbs did not make the first xi .
nelson felippe was offended by a scene on a train platform in rio de janeiro .  the image was shared more than 100 , 000 times in 24 hours .  he said : ' i am not prejudiced , i think everyone does what they want out of your life ' .  the viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant , as he mentions : ' they are challenging social conventions , and this can be dangerous ' .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen .  the 25 - year - old claimed a 6 - 3 6 - 2 victory over maxime chazal .  bedene will now face either michael linzer of austria or france ' s maxime texeira in the next round .
khalid rashad , 61 , appeared at camberwell magistrates court today .  charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose .  charges were brought by officers investigating death of abdul hadi arwani .  mr arwani was an outspoken critic of the assad regime in syria .
police say edward nudel , 41 , of staten island broke into his relative ' s home on march 11 and strangled a 2 - year - old pomeranian named lola .  nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and , after strangling the dog , he called the relative and said ' i killed lola ' .  police were called and arrived at nudel ' s bay terrace home to find him sleeping in his bed with lola lying motionless on the floor nearby with her tongue out .
royal caribbean ' s legend of the seas reported 135 people took ill before it docked on tuesday .  just one day prior , the celebrity infinity cruise liner docked in the southern california city with 106 sick .  norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks .
the ten houses in australia won ' t sell after being on the market for up to two years - some even heavily discounted .  this includes a one - bedroom home in oberon , central west of nsw , which was listed for $ 299 , 000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent .  the historic nine - bedroom property in ranelagh was listed 800 days ago for about $ 2 million but has since reduced its asking price to $ 995 , 000 .
sinbad , a ginger tabby , sneaked inside a shipping container in egypt .  he was found by puzzled staff at mediterranean linens in moreton - on - lugg , hereford .  the kitten had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes .  he has now gone into quarantine in bristol for four months .  he will then go to an rspca centre for checks and it is hoped he will be re - homed .
a silicon valley - based start - up is offering an at - home dna test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $ 249 ( 167 ) it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer .  the company behind the test , color genomics , was founded by elad gil , a former cancer researcher at mit and otman laraki .
memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the nba ' s southwest division with a 100 - 92 win over oklahoma city on friday .  the grizzlies moved level with houston atop the southwest division , both trailing golden state , which has already sealed the conference title .  san antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the no 2 playoff seed by routing denver 123 - 93 after losing tiago splitter to a calf injury .
bradley manning , 27 , was convicted of espionage in july 2013 for sending a trove of secret documents to the wikileaks website .  one month after being found guilty , manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named chelsea elizabeth manning .  in new interview , manning has done an in - depth interview from behind bars in fort leavenworth , kansas , describing the ' painful and awkward ' process of transitioning to a woman .
betty johnson , 86 , was a kansas city chiefs ticket holder since 1986 .  she had said goodbye to everyone except for her team .  but her wish was granted on thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer nick lowery .  johnson lost her north kansas city home in order to pay for her season tickets .
the five bedroom home is based in the same building where ava gardner spent her final years .  it offers 3 , 054 sq .  ft of high - end accommodation with two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen / dining room .  there are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with a lift servicing each floor of the building .
james may , 52 , ordered a 200 , 000 ferrari 458 speciale in bright orange .  ' draft version ' of contract was sitting on his desk ' with only a few details to resolve ' .  clarkson was sacked after punching producer oisin tymon in rage over hot meal .  clarkson , 55 , was sensationally sacked by bbc last month and richard hammond , 45 , will not return to top gear this week .
jose mourinho was asked how hard arsene wenger pushed him .  chelsea beat arsenal 6 - 0 at stamford bridge in the premier league last season .  the portuguese coach praised the ' top question ' before turning to chelsea ' s media officer , swearing and saying ' it deserves a proper answer ' .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
sir bradley wiggins left team sky after paris - roubaix on april 12 .  the four - time olympic champion will ride for his eponymous team .  the tour de yorkshire is a legacy of the grand depart .
leading politicians from seven parties have come together to attack the cps ' s decision not to prosecute lord janner over child abuse . 11 leading figures said that director of public prosecutions was ' damaging public confidence ' in the justice system .  politicians have written to a national newspaper to demand the decision be reversed amid public concerns .  some paedophiles , including several too ill to enter a plea , have still been prosecuted and in some cases jailed for the rest of their lives .
the european space agency ' s rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair - raising encounter with comet 67p after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby .  on saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles ( 14km ) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface .  but during the manoeuvre , rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into  safe mode 
russian man was filming a documentary in snow - covered mountains .  he was struck by a falling icicle , causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma .  the blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising .  he burns a scalpel on a gas torch in order to make it sterile .
the duchess of cambridge and prince george will head to anmer after the birth of their children .  they are turning their new country bolt hole into a secluded fortress home , far from prying eyes .  the couple will spend the first night at kensington palace to help with childcare and housekeeping .
new training will commence at los angeles international airport , one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union .  the complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton , who said she was subjected to a hair pat - down with weeks of each other while traveling from los angeles to london in december 2013 .  singleton ' s hair was styled down again two weeks later during a layover at minneapolis international airport and , once again , nothing was found .
amy schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of kim kardashian and kanye west at the time 100 gala in nyc .  the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city .
charlie austin has scored 17 goals for queens park rangers this term .  the qpr striker will continue to be monitored by england head coach roy hodgson and assistant ray lewington ahead of the friendly with republic of ireland on june 7 and the euro 2016 qualifier in slovenia .
faris al - khori , 62 , had dozens of chemicals , poisonous materials , bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb .  the equipment was found purely by chance in april last year after a fire at a block of flats in the muirhouse area of edinburgh .
champions league semi - final between real madrid and juventus has been likened to ' star wars ' films . tuttosport comparing the clash to a pair of films with film themes .  la gazzetta dello sport pins juve ' s hopes of reaching the final on carlos tevez .  rafa benitez is equally cautious over his napoli side ' s chances of beating europa league minnows dnipro .
spanish lawyer said she had been ' religiously paying taxes ' in uk for 10 years .  but she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power .  lib dems have stepped up attacks on the tories in recent days .
in total , 272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome hospitalised in england over the past 12 months .  but actual number affected by their mother ' s drinking could be far greater .  research by the world health organisation suggests at least one in 100 babies born in the uk could suffer learning , behavioural and physical problems such as deformed limbs .
billy - anne huxham , 18 , from caboolture , queensland , was found by police on thursday night after she made contact with a family member .  her ex - boyfriend carl garry chapman , 32 , has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty .  the 32 - year - old was out on bail charges at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim .
robbie williams has ditched the proposal for a two - storey basement extension .  the 41 - room mansion was previously owned by the late film director michael winner .  williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans .
alexis tsipras , greece ' s prime minister , will meet vladimir putin in moscow today .  visit will raise fears kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the west .
carriers of the brca1 gene , like hollywood star angelina jolie , can reduce their risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent .  if diagnosed , they face a life - time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent if diagnosed with breast cancer .  researchers in canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes , nearly half ( 345 ) underwent oophorectomy after their diagnosis .
lada niva is a highly capable , ruftytufty 4x4 from russia .  it is also available in a compact van format ( 10 , 590 , excluding vat and road tax )
pep guardiola has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016 .  the former barcelona boss has been linked with manchester city .  bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .  they face bayer leverkusen in the quarter - finals of the german cup .
tom poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury .  the 25 - year - old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries .  he has now committed himself to derbyshire until the end of the season .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door .  with the door jammed , it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time .  after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps , boomer appears resting in the same position .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing a racially - charged tirade on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon .  ms eden was heard fuming : ' she wears it because she wants to be modest with her body , not because of people like you who are going to sit there and disrespect her ' .  a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia to say they would ' definitely encourage ' witnesses of the incident to come forward .
adam federici has taken to twitter to apologise for his gaffe in fa cup semi - final .  the 30 - year - old was ' inconsolable ' after the match in the sixth minute of extra - time .  arsenal beat arsenal 2 - 1 in the championship on saturday .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs , texas , to do a welfare check and were told that a two - year - old child had died and a ' rising ceremony ' performed .  the ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child , police said .  five children under the age of ten , both boys and girls , were also living at the home and had been taken away by child protective services .
a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off .  a female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes , although an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes .  experts are advising that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off afterward .
traditionally known as a ' naatsit ' , the underwear would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt .  it is currently on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal - skin clothing collection .  it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in 1892 by captain c ryder ryder .
ian brady wrote letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .  brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .  brady complained he is ' bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago .
the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm .  nicholas connole , a wounded veteran who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq , said he felt like he had to ' defend himself ' against the students , who threw beers and spat from their balconies .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
scotland has been named the most popular wedding destination in the uk .  a quarter of all marriages in scotland involved couples from outside of the country .  argyll and bute is the second most popular area for weddings in scotland .
mohammed tahir , 53 , of leytonstone , east london , got off his train at mile end .  he picked a target on the platform - a ' confident and articulate ' professional in her 20s .  he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her .  she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances .  tahir was convicted of two similar offences in 2003 at the old bailey .
emmanuel adebayor travelled in a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe .  the 31 - year - old was dragged off the pitch after 58 minutes at aston villa .  he has pocketed 3 . 4million in wages since his last start in the premier league .
bobbi kristina was recently moved from emory university hospital in decatur , georgia , so she could be provided with long term care .  the new edition frontman took time out with one of the medical staff , who spent some time talking to him outside of the hospital .  on monday , the 22 - year - old ' s maternal grandmother cissy houston clarified to people on monday that her granddaughter ' is no longer in a medically induced coma ' .
samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple ' s upcoming iphone range .  following legal disputes , apple shifted away from samsung and signed a monopoly deal with taiwan semiconductor manufacturing ( tsmc ) in 2013 .  a rising demand for memory chips is said to be helping offset a slump in the firm ' s smartphone sales .
linda hogan purchased the 23 . 63 - acre property for $ 3 . 5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 .  called villa di montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community .  built in 2005 , the tuscan - style mansion has five bedrooms and 5 . 5 baths .
john moore ' s images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture , arts and culture .  the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night .  mr moore , who is based in new york , received a $ 25 , 000 prize and hi - tech sony photography equipment .
the gr20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of corsica .  it happens to be the toughest trek in europe .
hummelstown police officer lisa mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of david kassick , 59 , on february 2 .  mearkck was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground .  her attorneys asked a judge to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video .  a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for monday .
yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder damian vanya .  she had showered the 15 - year - old with gifts and money for a year before he ended the relationship .  but police set up a sting operation , sending one of their officers to pose as hitman .  simonova faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder .
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python ' s galaxy song .  the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 .  it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty python meaning of life .  professor hawking  runs over  professor brian cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe .
arnold quintero , 21 , from san antonio , texas , faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child , one of sex performed by a child under 14 , evading arrest and possession with intent to deliver .  the girl was interviewed by the bexar county sheriff  s office criminal investigations division last month .  she said she had been held in a ' trap ' house between january 21 and february 8 and was punched in the face , resulting in black eyes and a bleeding nose .
rudy gestede has scored 20 goals this season and blackburn value him at 7million .  club scouts have checked on aleksandar mitrovic at anderlecht and obbi oulare from club brugge .  blackburn are also keen to sign a left - back with leicester ' s ale schlupp .
samantha cameron , justine miliband and miriam clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers , in more ways than one .  sam cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london .
mike ashley has secured an 8 . 92 per cent stake in rangers .  sports direct loaned the previous rangers regime 5million in january .  the new ibrox board last month revealed they would not be drawing down the second 5 million available from sports direct .
humans of new york photographer shared a photo of a ny resident whose name is beyonce .  the photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name .  beyonce says : ' sometimes i hate my name because it always draws attention to me , and i ' m not a very social person ' .
the eggs were created by 14 of the uk ' s top cake artists .  each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work .  they are individually designed , including a british themed union jack egg and one dedicated to master baker mary berry from the great british bake off .
matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in california , often posts videos of himself tricking his class .  the video would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room .  after acknowledging his supposed blunder , the recorded version of mr weathers on the video screen suddenly halts his virtual lesson to confront the teacher in the classroom .
manchester city fans have been told that their 885 season cards will rocket to 1 , 750 .  some fans will now have to pay over 1 , 700 to watch manuel pellegrini ' s side , up from just 785 .  city claim the change is due to upgrades which have come in during the stadium ' s expansion .
saracens flanker jacques burger has been cited for alleged foul play .  burger is alleged to have struck racing scrum - half maxime machenaud .  the 31 - year - old will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday .
kim kardashian : hollywood is the app from the reality star .  users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim ' s . the game has already been downloaded an estimated 28 million times .
the hop theory ' beer - bag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices .  it promises to turn lager into craft beer in just two minutes .  professional breweries have been criticised as being misleading about what constitutes ' craft beer ' .
saskia , 17 , aced the ' arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43 . 5 out of 50 or 87 per cent .  by the grading system of her boyfriend , who didn  t want to be identified , that constitutes an a . post has since been retweeted 9 , 600 times , almost five times for each of her 1 , 900 or so followers .
the two states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services to certain customers .  the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals , however , and incited massive protests .  republican governor asa hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute following a public uproar and a personal plea from his son .
the 11 - time all star led his cleveland cavaliers to victory over the chicago bulls on sunday .  he paid a second visit to the dentist ' s chair in a fortnight , as shared with his 9 . 3 million followers on instagram .  ' back at the dentist and i ' m hearing a bunch of drilling going on behind me from my docs so i had to sit up like , " what ' s up .  # dentistnightmares ' .
the all - gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building .  the facility is the first of its kind at the white house .  according to spokesman jeff tiller it ' s something that fits in with the administration  s stance on lgbt issues .
spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months .  entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre , cinema , museums and amusement parks .  analysis showed spending on women ' s clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year , and 4 per cent for men ' s clothing .
' why don ' t we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' paul blasted at today ' s louisville guthrie .  ' before we go through a litany of things you say i ' ve editorialized .  let me answer a question ! you ask a question , and you say , have your views changed ? " instead of editorializing and saying my views have changed ' .
harry panayiotou has scooped the premier league player of the month award .  the 20 - year - old scored three goals in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty .  sportsmail held an exclusive q & a with the forward after he found out about the accolade .
malky mackay ' s tenure at wigan athletic came to an end on monday .  sportsmail revealed in august mackay was being investigated over ' sexist , racism and homophobic ' texts .  dave whelan will have to accept that his misguided decision has cost him his reputation and seriously harmed the image of a fine football club too .
tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas , prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ' they ' instead of ' he , ' or ' she ' .  grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of grant ' s gender identity .  austin , texas has a non - discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality .
graeme dott survived a series of twitches close to the winning line .  the 37 - year - old bungled a yellow but was reprieved when walden blazed the green off the table .  dott remains aggrieved by having to play three best - of - 19 - frame matches just to get to the main draw .  john higgins impressed with a 10 - 5 victory over robert milkins .
senior constable neale mcshane has spent 40 years as an officer in birdsville , which borders on the simpson desert in far south - west queensland .  temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees , giving rise to a number of desert rescues that he must execute every year .  the 59 - year - old recalled his second day on the job was 49 degrees , the hottest day in australia that year .
the next time you order a coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry .  espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis .  flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin , and a plain black coffee is best drunk with a cinnamon ring doughnut .
mark clattenburg will take charge of paris saint - germain vs barcelona .  he will be assisted by five other englishmen at the parc des princes on wednesday .  the english referee is the only english appointment for the first leg meetings of europe ' s top eight clubs .  he has handed out 148 yellow and four red cards in 38 games across england and europe so far this season .
the mother - to - be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by a surrogate mother .  she was confirmed as genetically identical to the camel the cells were taken from , according to united arab emirates reports .  the birth of the sheep in 2009 caused great excitement and scientists said that cloning would help to preserve the genetics of the camel population .
christopher bailey ' s new beverley hills flagship store opened in november .  over 700 guests , including cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington - whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood .  the event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on rodeo drive .
tesla founder elon musk has unveiled a $ 3 , 000 ( 1 , 980 ) battery .  powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs .  users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home .  the ' daily use ' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt - hours , which is around a quarter of a home ' s daily usage .
the federal aviation administration had earlier given the green light to an amazon prototype drone in march .  the company told u . s . lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for the agency ' s permission .  amazon must supply monthly data to the regulators , and conduct flights at 400 feet ( 120 metres ) orbelow and in ' visual meteorological conditions ' .
team sky ' s geraint thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap on the likes of holland ' s niki terpstra .  tom boonen and fabian cancellara - winners of six of the last 10 races - were winners of the gent - wevelgem sprint classic .  sir bradley wiggins was one of a number of riders to hit the deck during the race .
lance armstrong has said the world anti - doping agency and others are ' owed an apology ' from him for cheating during his cycling career .  wada director general david howman said this week that he was disappointed armstrong had not apologised for costly and time - consuming lawsuits .  armstrong initially declined comment on howman ' s remark , but then backed off under advice from wada lawyers .
the group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 .  the document related to a notorious flat in battersea , south west london .  it is not clear whether the band and savile attended the brothel at the same time .
aaron kaufman is accused of blowing thousands of dollars on his company credit card by former employers blue shield , a health insurance firm .  blue shield alleges that reid ' behaved inappropriately ' by posting raunchy images of herself to social media .
a bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along sebastian inlet state park near vero beach , florida .  the image was reportedly taken by john bailey , who said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water .  the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission has said she believes the image is genuine .
utrecht drew 1 - 1 with ajax at the stadion galgenwaard on sunday .  edouard duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first - half .  utrecht ended the game with 10 after ramon leeuwin ' s sending off .
sportsmail ' s reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run - in for years .  danny ings has nine premier league goals so far , but he ' ll need to start scoring again for burnley to stay up .  aston villa and west brom are not quite out of the dogfight lists .
kim sears watched andy murray play against south africa ' s kevin anderson .  the 27 - year - old artist donned a chic off - the - shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag .  kim , 27 , was presented with a special celebratory cake after booking a quarter - final meeting with amelie thiem .  kim and andy will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral on april 11 .
luke lazarus , 23 , was jailed for at least three years for raping an 18 - year - old at his father ' s soho nightclub on may 12 , 2013 .  a photo of a ' drunken ' young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on soho nightclub  s facebook page on april 3 .  the club agreed that the photo used was ' 100 per cent inappropriate ' .  the photo was soon removed by the club ' s management after a backlash on twitter .
dozhd tv fears video launching clinton ' s white house bid may fall foul of putin ' s ' gay propaganda ' laws .  video features democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson holding hands , saying : ' i  m getting married this summer to someone i really care about ' .
voters in last year ' s parliamentary by - elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning .  one voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ' unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays .  others accused politicians of ' fly - posting ' , while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting ' political views ' .
leigh griffiths became celtic ' s top scorer in the scottish cup semi - final .  the 24 - year - old scored the winning goal for hibernian the semi - finals .  griffiths can now boast 14 goals in his last 17 games .
klaus - dieter scheurle , head of deutsche flugsicherung authority , urged aviation industry to develop system which could help prevent repeat of germanwings crash last month .  investigators believe co - pilot andreas lubitz locked his captain out of cockpit and deliberately crashed plane into a french mountainside on march 24 , killing all 150 people on board .
swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of cambridge river in cambridge over the easter weekend .  believed to be the grandson of mr asbo , who was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities .  he was seen attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman ' s handbag .
group b strep is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year .  current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed ' at risk ' .  only recorded cases affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested .
new york governor andrew cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island .  cuomo said the purpose of his visit was to see what can be done now and look to the future should full trade be restored .
kim ki - jong , 55 , was also indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district prosecutors ' office .  on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards .  his left hand is still in a cast from the attack .
the mindfulness for travel series was developed for launch of british airways ' new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco . the programme hopes to inspire a relaxed , positive state of mind for all travellers - even if the journey doesn ' t go exactly according to plan .  mindfulness expert mark coleman recommends ' gently exercising ' on board , eating lighter meals and wearing comfortable clothes .
tottenham beat newcastle 3 - 1 at st james ' park on sunday .  harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season for spurs .  mauricio pochettino is convinced there is more to come from kane .
eddie raymond tipton , 51 , of norwalk , iowa , was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize .  prosecutors say he installed a self - destructing hack program to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system .  they argue he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program .
barry selby , 54 , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the ' skull ' snack .  the floor - fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two - and - a - half inches wide snack .
eden hazard and nathan ake took on loic remy and willian in audi ' s football challenge .  the chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range .  hazard and ake take to a makeshift tennis court , where the net is replaced by a 127 , 000 audi r8 v10 plus .
douglas murphy was cleaning up after a children ' s picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag .  the 47 - year - old barely registered it at the time , the scrape almost cost him his right leg , causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh - eating bug .  surgeons were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure .  but the antibiotics mr murphy had been given finally began to show signs of working .
micheal john duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to killing colleen deborah ayers , 33 .  he told the court his former flame had a ' twisted desire to kill ' .  he claimed his co - accused , rachel evans , was the one who had helped bury ms ayers ' body .  duffy , who has plead guilty to murder , will receive a reduced sentence .
grayson hand , who is battling leukemia , joins the huskies with the help of team impact , an organization that matches children with life - threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams . hand ' s sister , sophie , 7 , was also taken on as an honorary cheerleader .
chloe knapton , 21 , was driving home from a night out when a stranger smashed down her car window with a bottle .  a man waiting at a nearby bus shelter came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle , causing the broken glass to become embedded in her neck .  she was left with deep cuts to her face , neck , nose and mouth following the incident .  she has now released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman ' s injuries .
only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company ' s classic hummus .  the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ' approximately 30 , 000 ' .  about 260 people are killed each year by listeriosis , and about 1600 people get sick .
red bull ' s daniil kvyat was forced out of the race in sunday ' s chinese grand prix .  red bull team principal christian horner has been critical of renault this season .  abiteboul said there will be ' no surrender ' in a bid to right their current wretched wrongs .
ukip figures insist the party would carry on if nigel farage left .  diane james , an mep and the party ' s justice and home affairs spokesman , said ukip was ' not at all ' a one - man band .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh , faces multiple charges for ' obsessively ' texting an 11 - year - old student .  prosecutors allege she encrypted her phone number on the girl ' s math homework , exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting her .  the girl told police she would be on the run for a while if she followed through on that charge .
rory mcilroy believes jeff knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen .  the former georgia state mid - amateur champion played with knox when the northern irishman was first man out in the third round last year .  knox outscored the world no 1 by a shot , with a 70 .
acting ceo maura pally defended the foundation ' s work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency , describing its policies as ' stronger than ever ' .  the foundation had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium company to a russian state agency .
germanwings flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart .  it had 123 passengers and five crew members on board when it crashed .  a passenger and a flight attendant suffered ' an acute feeling of sickness ' .  another plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in venice .
jake gyllenhaal , 34 , lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller nightcrawler .
prelate was sacked from a religious order in taranto , italy .  one of his online lovers contacted church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes , role play and explicit gay web chats .  priest allegedly favoured sexual role - play in which his lover played judas iscariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus by becoming his slave .
former snp leader said labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal with scottish nationalists in event of hung parliament .  he said all parties would have to face up to the ' electorate ' s judgment ' . comes after nicola sturgeon warned miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed david cameron back into downing street because he was unwilling to do a deal with the snp .
chris paul and luol deng will play in the first - ever nba game in africa .  the game will take place following the 13th edition of basketball without borders , the nba and fiba ' s global basketball development and community outreach program .  nba coach of the year mike budenholzer of the atlanta hawks , san antonio spurs chief gregg popovich and the s . o . s . children ' s villages association of south africa .
baby - faced boy from memphis , tennessee , poses with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana .  in many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances , with captions such as ' high life ' .  in one video he laughs and points the gun at the camera in an apparent attempt to look menacing - as adults laugh in the background .
abby bishop took in her two - day - old niece zala when she was 24 .  the basketballer , who lives in canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .  zala is now 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .
tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton ' s poor season .  everton played 10 games in europe this season before being knocked out by dynamo kiev .  aaron lennon scored for everton at swansea but the game ended in a 1 - 1 draw at the liberty stadium .
delroy facey , 34 , is accused of being involved in the ' ugly side ' of his sport .  he denies conspiracy to commit bribery and is standing trial at birmingham crown court alongside former non - league player moses swaibu .  facey also played for west bromwich albion and hull city .
almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction .  yet many britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition , says charity allergy uk .  poll of more than 2 , 000 adults reveals over two thirds would not know how to help if they saw someone suffering an allergic reaction .  more than 20 , 000 people a year are admitted to hospital in england for allergic reactions .
teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the itv talent show .  for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the uk for the new series .  simon cowell has defended allowing young children to take part in britain  s got talent , despite fears by child welfare campaigners that many of them are too young to cope with fame .
portland timbers defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states .  the 30 - year - old discusses his family ' s visits to portland , coming up against orlando city ' s brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against seattle sounders on monday morning .
tiger woods was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws .  the 39 - year - old slammed the club into a root , causing him to grab his hand in agony .  it forced the joint out of place , but woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself .
homes with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more than those in surrounding areas that weren  t near a branch .  lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby , to see how they compared to the wider postal region .
peter costello slammed the abbott government , describing its approach to taxation as a ' morbid joke ' .  the former treasurer said the government needs to restart the conversation about getting taxes down , not up .  treasurer joe hockey was not impressed with the costello critique , lamenting the fact his liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the howard government years .  he also slams labor and the greens , saying using the tax system to re - distribute income would trap australians in poverty .
mark hughes believes tom jones ' song ' delilah ' is costing them a spot in the europe league .  stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table and are set to miss out on european football next year .  sam allardyce ' s west ham could earn a europa league place if they finish top of the pile .
ben stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first test , even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping .  the durham all - rounder struck with his second ball , forcing shiv chanderpaul to steer loosely to point and open the door for england to take command of this test and the series .  devon smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off chris jordan .
thousands of female race - goers trotting into aintree in a collection of floral , flamboyable and eye - catching numbers .  as part of the bridal party , many opted for outfits that wouldn ' t have been out of place at a wedding .
trip to durminskoye reserve in khabarovsk lasts seven days .  guests will walk in the footsteps of the world  s biggest cats and spend time with alexander batalov .  safari does not actively track them as this risks guests coming face - to - face with the animals themselves .
geoffrey kondogbia has impressed liverpool scouts this season .  the france international was one of the most coveted players in europe .  real madrid , manchester united , juventus and paris st germain were all keen .  liverpool remain in the frame for james milner and danny ings .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
amanda goff , 40 , wrote a book about her experience after becoming a global sensation .  the mother - of - two said she received ' a torrent of abuse spouting from the thinly pursed lips of apparently  better  mothers ' .  she said the most troubling part of her  coming out  experience was the response she received from other mothers , who expected her children to  endure a life of misery  because of her abnormal profession .
kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to ' change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in england .  pietersen has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ecb , preferring to focus on his media profile and business interests .  the 40 - year - old has declared himself open to discussions about the new post .
raheem sterling ' s controversial ' it ' s - not - about - the - money ' campaign led him toiled as arsenal beat liverpool 1 - 0 at the emirates on saturday .  sterling was brought down by hector bellerin for liverpool ' s penalty , which was only a consolation consolation for the hosts .  liverpool and arsenal fans protest against rising price of football for travelling fans .
salford city clinched the evo - stik league first division north title .  title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1 - 1 with warrington town .  gary neville and paul scholes took to twitter to express their delight .
pauline mckee , 90 , won a bonus award of $ 41 , 797 , 550 . 16 at the isle hotel casino in waterloo .  but on friday the iowa supreme court ruled she had only won $ 1 . 85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game .  the unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee because the game ' s rules stated that the maximum award was $ 10 , 000 and that bonus awards were not allowed .
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back - to - back grand nationals .  many clouds galloped to a famous victory in the aintree sunshine .  the 25 - 1 shot , who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup , is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize .
manchester united boss louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target .  a supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day .  moshin tanveer used the special occasion to provide the former holland boss with a star - studded cast of europe ' s top property he should sign in order to bring the barclays premier league title back to old trafford .
samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , has been diagnosed with functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms . the mother - of - two suddenly lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably in the days after the accident on may 26 , last year .  she is now confined to her house , unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter to get around .
saving place , which opens tuesday at the museum of the city of new york , highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city ' s preservation movement .  the 1963 demolition of the old beaux arts - style pennsylvania station to make way for madison square garden .  st john ' s chapel , which was built in 1807 , was demolished in 1918 as the city moved to widen the street next to it .
francis pusok ' s arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and has led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe .  when san bernardino county sheriff ' s deputies arrived , he said he fled ' because any contact with police has been negative for me ' .
mark dawe , head of oxford , cambridge and rsa examinations board , said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests .  he compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam .  most pupils now learn through search engines anyway .  chris mcgovern , chairman of the campaign for real education , said the idea would lead to a ' dumbing down of standards ' .
southend united beat bury 1 - 0 in the premier league on tuesday night .  david worrall scored from 25 yards in the 74th minute .  phil brown ' s late - goal specialists were only on goal difference .
daniel p . finney , 39 , of iowa , started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month .  he is now working with a therapist to tackle his emotional eating issues , as well as a nutritionist and a physical therapist .
england women ' s under 19 replay against norway was only supposed to last for 18 seconds .  leah williamson disallowed williamson ' s penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend , but instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free - kick to norway .  england were given a lifeline when uefa chiefs ruled it should be replayed .
joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury last week .  the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole .
a 26 - year - old employee at ceva logistics in redford , michigan , secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall at 10am tuesday .  police confirmed that the woman , who has not been named , delivered a newborn baby that was later pronounced dead .  the mother and baby were taken to a local hospital , where the child was pronounced dead in a cubicle .  it remains unknown at this time whether the baby was born alive , or whether the death was a homicide .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix ahead of sebastian vettel and nico rosberg .  the briton claimed his third victory in four races so far this season .  hamilton ' s win extends his lead in the championship to 27 points .
clarence david moore , 66 , was convicted of larceny of more than $ 200 in north carolina in 1967 and sentenced to up to seven years in prison .  he escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009 .  a woman who had been living with moore had no idea of his past .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s on wednesday .  the 26 - year - old made way at the break after coming through the first half of united ' s 2 - 0 defeat to derby county .  de jong has made just one premier league start since his 6million move from ajax last summer .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head .  the patient , known as patient a , had come to ipswich hospital in february 2012 after an industrial accident .  prof peckitt claimed he ' digitally manipulated ' the patient ' s face and denied any wrongdoing .  but he was ' erased ' from the medical register after the medical practitioners tribunal service found that his fitness to practice was impaired .
kim scott wrote the poem on saturday morning , a day after the body of a woman was discovered in cocoparra national park .  the 26 - year - old english and drama teacher was due to marry her long - time partner aaron leeson woolley on saturday .  the poem was addressed to ' my dearest stephanie and aaron on your wedding day .  this is for you ' .
neymar feels his team ' s champions league tie with psg will prove a real ' spectacle ' .  the barcelona star is expecting more fireworks following barca ' s win over manchester city in the last 16 of the la liga competition .  the brazil international has proved a good fit at the nou camp alongside lionel messi and luis suarez .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season .  inter milan are understood to be leading the race to land ayew .  the 25 - year - old fits into mauricio pochettino ' s plans to sign young and hungry players this summer .
migrant workers producing vegetables exported to britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working .  they are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands .  some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near fields in southern spain .
joseph t . brennan jr . of norwell , massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb - making materials .  police searched the home after an incident saturday night where brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder .  brennan , who called himself an ' idiot ' , was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device .
ana ivanovic was seen off 7 - 6 ( 8 / 6 ) 6 - 4 by france ' s caroline garcia .  other seeds made it through their first - round matches on tuesday .  ekaterina makarova beat the united states ' bethanie mattek - sands .
the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course .  on monday afternoon , the golfer received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone .  mr lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run - in with the crocodile .
wigan warriors came out on top 12 - 4 in a brutal , no - holds - barred contest in front of 24 , 054 crowd at the dw stadium .  dom manfredi went over for the first try as his side exacted revenge over st helens .  it was a second successive defeat for saints , who began the season under keiron cunningham with six wins in a row .
by far , the most searched for term is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus ( hpv ) in the us , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer .  benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne ' s first test delivery for australia in the 1993 ashes .  here , sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career .
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights .  one sydney host , steve york , has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings .  there are currently more than 50 australian home - owners , according to founder david abitbolg .
two boys - aged 12 to 13 - approached him in flammable wd40 in newbury .  they doused him in lighter before threatening to set him alight .  victim , who has not been named , sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment .  police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight .
sophie wilson performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in willenhall , coventry .  the 16 - year - old was taken to birmingham children ' s hospital in a coma but his mother tiffany , 35 , revealed he had made a ' miracle ' recovery .
dwayne harvard , 46 , has been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and dui after driving 11 miles and seven towns with another man on the hood of his car .  the two men started fighting over the fact that harvard was giving sutton ' s girlfriend , anna mazzetti , a ride home , harvard claims . harvard said he was ' fearing ' for his life and that he was trying to hit the truck .
any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched will be eligible for a 50 % discount on the standard model and the sport model .  the discount doesn ' t apply to the expensive edition model , which starts at $ 10 , 000 in the us and 299 in the uk .  apple ' s watch goes on display around the world on 10 april and people can pre - order it at 12 . 01 pacific time ( 8am bst ) on this day .
passenger planes landed perfectly in sync at san francisco international airport .  as the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway , the wheels touch the tarmac at the same time .  british airline pilots association ( balpa ) told mailonline travel is ' closely spaced parallel runway operations ' in practice  a safe and normal procedure at airports around the world .
four members of the royals and three from the white sox were punished for their roles in a series - opening brawl .  kansas city ' s chris sale and jeff samardzija were suspended five games each .  major league baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams .
doaa and umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities , were smuggled from raqqa , syria , to southern turkey after leaving the al - khansa brigade earlier this year .  pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group ' s rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee .  now the pair , who are living in turkey illegally , are scared they will be discovered by isis fighters who are following them .
yelp , founded in 2004 by two former paypal employees , is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor ' s offices .  however , like many web businesses , yelp ' s revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are also rated and reviewed on the site .  kaylie milliken says she ' s already interviewed several small businesses who believe they ' ve been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise .
evansville in comanche county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once - thriving commissary building in state of disrepair .  it was formerly home to a post office , a grocery store and even a house house in 1870s and 80s .  but now , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site ' s numerous cattle - rancher larry ' dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis .
kylie leuluai faces another six weeks out of action for leeds rhinos .  the 37 - year - old has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago .  coach brian mcdermott had feared the new zealander could be out for three months if he needed a bicep operation .
lewis hamilton said the incident happened at nelson mandela ' s 90th birthday party back in 2008 .  the 30 - year - old wanted to introduce himself to will smith when the incident occurred .  hamilton said he was lucky enough to be invited to the event .
the golden eagle was filmed standing over a football during its try - out .
alastair cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first test . jonathan trott was also out cheaply as england earned a first - innings lead of 104 at the sir viv richards stadium .  cook returned to the england team for his 49th test 18 months after the trauma of leaving the ashes tour .
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests .  the 31 - year - old also altered a number of the pupil ' s exam answers .  the department for education annulled the whole school ' s results last year .
jose mourinho didn ' t rule out a potential 12 , 000 - mile round trip to japan .  no final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead , the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two - match , week - long trip .  fifa rules state that nations are entitled to players 14 days before the start of a tournament .
austin carey , 23 , and jay rawe , 25 , plummeted onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the perrine bridge , idaho , and were left badly injured .  mr carey was told he may never walk again after being injured , but recovered to return to the sport they love .  the pair had been attempting a risky ' totem pole waterfall ' manoeuvre when jay lost his balance and pulled out his friend ' s parachute and landed inside of it .
james creag , 11 , suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria .  he was given dundee reflective sunscreen , a thick brown paste which blocks out the light .  but when strangers shouted out abuse such as ' chocolate face ' he refused to wear it any more .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push - ups on the runway after loading a plane .  footage shows the employee wearing his high - visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt .  even after his 12th push - up , the fitness - enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
lorna mccarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death at hands of barry mccarthy , the man she had spent 25 years with .  mrs mccarthy , 50 , sent a series of messages to friends and family on september 27 , including one to her daughter saying she didn ' t know ' what he is capable of these days ' .  she urged her daughter to call police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received .
skygazers in the west u . s . , canada , australia and new zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on saturday .  ' blood moon ' refers to its orange or red appearance , which is the result of sunlight scattering off earth ' s atmosphere .  the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 .
australian prime minister tony abbott has offered benaud ' s family a state funeral .  the former australia captain died on wednesday at the age of 84 .  benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc .
terry martin shot his girlfriend laurice hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of the proceeds .  but hampton , critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest , was able to call 911 to report the shootings before she died .  responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on beaty street in fort worth , texas .  martin was sentenced to a day in jail and fined $ 214 for assaulting hampton in 2011 .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10 - 6 in the first round of the betfred world championship in sheffield .  the 25 - year - old will now face marco fu in the next round .
jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake , la .  the 34 - year - old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on friday .  the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon .  jackson was released on $ 30 , 000 bail , according to the los angeles county sheriff  s department .
james ward , 31 , was attacked at his home in burnley , lancashire .  he also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to reattach his left index finger .  mr ward is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does .  he said : ' i ' m too scared to go back .  i think they thought the job was done .  i have done things in the past but nothing to warrant this attack ' .
a 17 - year - old driver who held her license for one day crashed into a brick wall on thursday night .  the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin .  debris , clothing and bricks were scattered around the crashed vehicle .  a young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace .  three other passengers were taken to gosford district hospital in a stable condition .
hunger games star josh hutcherson , 22 , stepped out at a premiere in spain this week bearing a striking resemblance to james alexandrou , an actor best known for his role as martin fowler in eastenders .  other unlikely double acts include tv hard man ross kemp , 50 , who played grant mitchell , 60 .
danny willett carded an eagle and an opening round of 71 at augusta national .  the 27 - year - old finished one - under but it was his monster putt for eagle .  his brother p j willett also tweeted : ' who  s living the dream ? ' .  willett qualified by being in the world ' s top 50 at the end of last season .
hilarious moment took place at hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china .
shamima begum , 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , fled the uk last february .  they are believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa .  begum has forged social media links with three of the leaders of al - khansa .  it is understood they are training with one of the notorious females arms of isis .
a family on new york ' s long island tried to keep a snowman alive until this weekend when their frosty melted in 70 - degree temperatures .  mike fregoe of massapequa park says he and his family built the snowman in january , when it grew to be more than 9 - feet tall .
spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex - wife keltsie were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder .  the couple ' s 15 - month - old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room .  spencer faces first - degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
gordon brown said snp leader nicola sturgeon ' s answers on the issue are ' all evasion ' .  he warned those casting their vote on may 7 will be deciding future of scotland .  mr brown urged people to vote labour to end bedroom tax , food bank poverty , zero - hours contracts and the neglect of the nhs .
wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno has been told their 147 tigers must be handed over to the department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation by friday .  animal rights activists have been complaining against the treatment of the tigers for years .
fashion targets breast cancer , the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 , has cast plus - size models in its new campaign for the first time ever .  starring models from sizes 10 to 20 , this year ' s focus is all about challenging women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause .  this follows the first leg of the campaign , which starred abbey clancy , 29 , and alice dellal , 27 , singer foxes , 25 , and victoria ' s secret angel lily donaldson , 28 .
zhou qunfei , 45 , was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china .  she invented the scratch - resistant glass made by the company after she was inspired when watching how rain would fall on the surface of lotus leaves .  she handed in her resignation after three months  only for her bosses to promote her to a newly - created department .
robert dellinger , 54 , admitted causing a highway crash that killed amanda murphy , 24 , and her fiancee , jason timmons , 29 , on december 7 , 2013 .  dellinger was a senior vice president and chief financial officer at ppg industries inc . when he left in 2011 because of health problems , he told the court he has ' never been suicidal ' .  he pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple , who were from wilder and timmons .
eden hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the premier league title .  gary neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are ' in outer space ' by comparison to other players .  neville says hazard is on par with arjen robben , thomas muller , neymar , gareth bale and james rodriguez .
nursultan nazarbayev has been re - elected as president of kazakhstan .  the 74 - year - old former steel worker has won another five year term .  monitors say there is not a genuine choice of other candidates .
queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight .  the five - bedroom family home is currently on the market for 625 , 000 .
the last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an arctic island for around 5 , 000 years , forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4 , 500 years ago .  researchers studied the structure of dna from mammoths preserved in the arctic to reproduce exact copies of 14 of the extinct animal  s genes .  these were then integrated by experts at harvard university in massachusetts into the elephant genome - and functioned as normal dna .
aston villa beat qpr 2 - 1 at villa park on tuesday night .  christian benteke scored his second goal for the home side .  clint hill and charlie austin turned the game on its head and made it 3 - 2 in the visitors ' favour .  stan collymore has been a talksport commentator since 2008 .
jerry moon was chronically ill in his final years and began arranging for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013 .  the 72 - year - old railroad conductor had paid $ 4 , 655 to be buried in a family plot in chehalis , washington , according to a lawsuit filed by the family .  the family is now seeking emotional distress for emotional distress .
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s ' more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 .  the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice .
arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium .  the cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick - off were 64 , some of the highest prices in the premier league .  protesters hope the image of empty seats will raise awareness of the rising costs of following their clubs .
nadine coyle and coleen rooney joined forces with cancer research for life .  the race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women .  coleen said : ' regardless of your age or how fit you are , everyone can take part or sponsor someone ' .
doctors had to anaesthetise suma in order to check how her arthritis has progressed since 2013 .  x - rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis , her hips and eyes .  suma was treated by orthopaedic surgeon and associate professor marino pirpiris , who usually treats humans .
national union of teachers ( nut ) will say schools should follow lead of countries like finland and introduce 45 - minute lessons immediately followed by 15 - minute play times .  teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .  motion calls on the nut to support play for five to seven - year - olds ' to reflect the needs of the children ' .
orphaned badger cubs escaped death after being carried by a dog .  nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced into their diet slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food .  the first of the badger cubs , named little star , was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre .
poundland has become europe ' s largest single - price discount retailer .  it began as a single shop in burton - on - trent 25 years ago .  total revenue over the 12 - month period grew 11 . 8 % to just over 1 . 1 billion .  profits are expected to be around 44million as the firm reaps rewards from its 547 uk stores and 54 shops in ireland .
warren rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days .  he was released in march 2013 when his family managed to raise a significant ransom .  under australian law , the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $ 75 , 000 in compensation .  but for that to happen , prime minister tony abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event .
a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged .  it was purchased at an ephemera show where collectibles are sold .  the form is ominously titled  invisible empire  , an alternative name for the clan at the time .  born from founder nathan bedford forrest  s claim that the group was  invisible 
tykeran hamilton , 25 , jailed for 11 years for causing death by dangerous driving .  he spotted a friend waiting for a bus , leaned out of the window and shouted ' watch this ' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road .  moments later , he crashed into cyclist alan knight , 64 , who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round .
mustafa kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions .  kamal was unhappy with icc calls in bangladesh ' s world cup defeat to india .  icc confirmed there will be no immediate replacement for kamal .
the most reverend justin welby said the dead were ' martyrs ' .  dr welby told his congregation that the killing of christians over the past year had been a  wicked  development .  pope francis called for governments to intervene in syria and iraq .
yin yunfeng spent a week cooking all sorts of stir - fried dishes .  the woman , named only as ms zhao , has enough food to last for a year .  he also made about 1 , 000 dumplings before returning to his regiment in tibet .
huw thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that england flags were for a ' simpleton ' or a ' casual racist ' .  he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e writing .  mr thomas said he made the comments as ' a young student ' and no longer held those views .
paddy barnes and michael conlan have fought only three of their six bouts so far in italy .  the belfast boys are potentially both one win away from qualifying for next summer ' s olympic games in rio .  their mission takes them to maiquetia , northern venezuela , where they will take on native opposition .
more than 20 , 000 foreign fighters have fled to syria and iraq , report says .  fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as al qaeda .  number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between middle of 2014 and march 2015 after is gained significant territory .
office for national statistics said more than 31 million people have found work .  figure is up from 29million in spring 2010 , before tories and lib dems went into coalition .  pm warns recovery would be ' put at risk ' by ' stitch - up ' between labour and snp .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee .  stoll was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges , and looked wide - eyed and alert in his mugshot .  he was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of mdma by hiding them in his board shorts .
radamel falcao hasn ' t scored or had a shot on target for manchester united this season .  the colombian has failed to score since netting against leicester in january .  he has collected 3 , 080 , 000 - a - week in wages during that period .
former manchester united midfielder anderson was sent off for an elbow on otacilio neto in porto alegre ' s 1 - 1 draw with internacional .  the 28 - year - old was shown the red card for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and bride dayangku raabi ' atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 , wed in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch ' s 1 , 788 - room palace in brunei ' s capital , bandar seri begawan .  the newlyweds ' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds , rather than flowers .  this is the first time the couple have appeared together since the festivities started on 5 april .
singer melissa plancarte was filmed doing her midnight flit in mexico ' s michoacan state courthouse for her pop video ' since you left ' .  the pop star , whose stage name is melissa : cartel princess , broke into court in the middle of the night with gun - toting bodyguards .  furious officials say the star didn ' t have permission to film at the courthouse .
diafra sakho came off after 58 minutes of saturday ' s 1 - 1 draw with stoke .  the 25 - year - old could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury .  west ham are ninth in the premier league with 43 points .
portsmouth parted company with andy awford at a meeting at the club ' s roko training ground this morning .  awford ' s future had been in doubt as they slipped away from the play - off places .  assistant manager gary waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team .
saracens beat clermont 1 - 0 in the aviva premiership on saturday .  the sarries boss has admitted that english clubs will never be able to compete with french teams if the domestic salary cap is not raised .  clermont will head into their second european final confident they can land their first european title .
tatyana chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating jessica ennis - hill in south korea in 2011 .  the russian anti - doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 august 2009 to 14 august 2011 .  chernova ' s ban is due to expire on june 21 in time for this year  s world championships in beijing and the 2016 olympics in rio .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company ' s facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in grandville , michigan .  ' i would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote .  ' homosexuality is wrong , period .  if you want to argue this fact with me then i will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
stephen akers - belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons .  but he was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior .  photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship , 323 miles from his patch .  following a disciplinary hearing the mayor of hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with newcastle city council for gross misconduct .
camilla parker - bowles , 67 , was the most hated woman in britain .  but a recent poll revealed that 56 per cent of britons credit her with charles ' s increasing popularity .  she has also become a much - loved member of the royal family , adored by her step - sons william and harry .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 2 in their premier league clash .  chris smalling scored the only goal of the game in the second half .  smalling has now scored the same amount of premier league goals this season as danny welbeck at arsenal .
nicola salerno has resigned from his role as leeds united ' s sporting director .  the 58 - year - old italian was banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy .  cellino has been reported in italy to be lined up to become sporting director at serie a club palermo .
robbie keane sings karma chameleon iin on boy george and the culture club facebook page .  the la galaxy striker is sidelined by a groin injury .  the 34 - year - old is a noted fan of the galaxy .
a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson - woolley ' s wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue .  these same guests were now 275km and three hours ' drive away after attending a heart - breaking ceremony at mountford park in leeton .  on saturday , the wedding venue was locked up and the car park was empty and silent , with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside .
mcdonnell and her husband , former gov .  bob mcdonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165 , 000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc . ceo jonnie williams . among the gifts were almost $ 20 , 000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for maureen mcdonnell , vacations , golf outings and $ 15 , 000 for a daughter ' s wedding .
ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings .  labour has also taken a commanding four point lead over the tories with just 28 days until polling day .  revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the labour leader  s personal character .
the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate .
ivan carlos , 22 , and brenda avilez , 18 , were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2 . 30am wednesday .  the driver , christian crawford , 35 , was taken to a hospital with non - life - threatening injuries , police said .  crawford , who had recently been released from prison , is cooperating with investigators .
it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in - person exchange .  a white house official told reporters traveling with the administration : ' i can confirm that president obama spoke with president castro on wednesday , before president obama departed washington ' .
palak bhadreskumar patel , 24 , of hanover , maryland , died at the scene .  police have said that patel ' s husband , 24 - year - old bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , hit her multiple times with an object and then fled .  patel has been charged with first - degree murder , second - degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure .
switzerland is dominated by european nations , particularly those in scandinavia .  measures a country ' s population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment , rather than wealth .  britons are happier now than they were two years ago , but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place .  united states is a full 10 places below canada , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively .
bergen - belsen concentration camp in germany was burned to the ground after liberation in 1945 .  diarist anne frank , whose diaries of persecution at the hands of the nazis became the defining account of the holocaust . images were taken by british reverend charles martin king parsons , who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it .
dozens of people visited the cooden beach hotel in bexhill - on - sea , east sussex .  health officials said it is believed 100 people have been affected by the ' winter vomiting bug ' .  owner james kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff .
burnley host tottenham hotspur at 1 . 30pm on sunday .  the clarets have no fresh injury concerns following the international break .  matt taylor and kevin long remain on the long - term absentee list . tottenham have kept just one clean sheet in their last 13 premier league games .  hugo lloris picked up a knee injury in tottenham ' s 4 - 3 victory over leicester .
loushanna and shawn craig had gone to tenerife for a three - day holiday .  but despite having flown to the island , mrs craig was marooned on the island .  the 37 - year - old was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant .  she was left stranded for up to two weeks after her biometric id card was stolen .  mrs craig has now placed the blame squarely on ryanair .
the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice .  femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world .
detailed constituency surveys suggest labour faces an unprecedented wipeout .  jim murphy and douglas alexander are among those on course to lose seats .  nationalists are also on course for charles kennedy , their popular former leader .  survey of eight constituencies revealed swings to the snp on a scale which would be unprecedented in modern european politics .
the portland , oregon - based band , which plays a kind of grunge music it calls chinatown dance rock , applied for .  trademarks in 2010 and 2011 , and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged asians .  the ruling could have implications for the high - profile .  fight over whether the national football league ' s washington .  redskins should lose its trademarks .
matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday .  the glasses , valued at more than $ 2 , 000 , were stolen from the memphis rock n ' soul museum last week .
bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12 , 000 - seater goldsands stadium .  premier league rules state clubs must give the away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away supporters .  just to expand the south stand would cost the club 1 . 8million and , over the course of a season , they would only accrue 900 , 000 in ticket sales .
rory mcilroy is the favourite to win the masters next week .  the world no 1 is now 103 places above woods in the world rankings .  woods has confirmed he is ready to play at augusta after spell working on his game .
lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington that france was sending a strong military force to help them .  the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente on saturday to the military shipyards of rochefort , where both vessels were built .  the ship will leave towards the united states with several stopovers , including philadelphia , new york and boston .
animal liberation victoria activists broke into wagner ' s poultry farm in coldstream in march .  some of the hens were ravaged and dying .  some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition .  the owner of the 6000 - bird farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly .  hens spend over a year in small wire cages , as is standard practice in the egg industry .
boobesh palani , 26 , passed away at wellington hospital with his friends by his side .  police released images of him lying in his hospital bed in the hopes the public could help identify him .  mr palani was known to a new zealander travelling in sri lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name .  cousins kelly mckay , 15 , and payge olds , 16 , risked their own lives when they attempted to save the man .
alexis keslar was walking with her sons , eli and silas , when their mother tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller .  the boys were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead .  a go page me page has been set up for the boys ' parents , mark and alexism , who set up the page after learning about their deaths on local media .
josh meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match .  fifa head of referees jim boyce says the suspension of a player for an unpunished handball is wrong .  inverness is appealing the ruling that , if upheld , will deny meekings a place in the scottish cup final .
the islamic state health service ( ishs ) appears to be an unimaginative copy of the uk ' s free health system .  the video features an australian doctor , known as abu yusuf al - australi .  it is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert .
balthazar king received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour .  phillip hobbs ' s gelding was able to walk away from his fall .
more than 140 children have been removed from their classes in washington .  they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations , which includes measles .  officials predict the number of children being kicked out of school for not getting their jabs is likely to rise .  in february around 100 people were diagnosed with the virus across 15 states .
staff canteen at yeo valley ' s headquarters in blagdon , north somerset .  120 dairy workers can tuck into fine - dining meal for as little as 2 .  all made from organic and locally sourced food .
tareq kamleh is believed to be in his late 20 ' s . he called on foreign medics to travel to raqqa to help launch the ishs .  the video showed him handling babies in a medical ward .  he completed his medical degree at adelaide university .  he was also recognised by dr stephen napoli , co - owner of the mannum medical centre in south australia .
leeds rhinos beat castleford 26 - 12 in front of a sell - out crowd at the mend - a - hose jungle .  ryan hall was sent to the sin - bin for the first time in his career .  the rhinos extended their unbeaten run against the tigers to six matches .
mesut ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games .  the german sets up a goal every 241 . 9 minutes in the pl .  the seventh - best tally in the competition  s history .  ozil was the most relaxed player he had ever played with .
florent malouda won the premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league with chelsea .  the former chelsea winger picked chelsea goalkeeper petr cech to start in between the sticks for his fantasy xi .  david luiz , claude makelele and patrick vieira also included .
tom carroll has made 18 appearances for swansea during his season - long loan spell from tottenham .  the 22 - year - old is expected to be out for between four and six weeks .  swansea resume their premier league campaign on saturday .
unai emery has guided sevilla to fifth in the la liga table .  the 43 - year - old has overseen a ' clear upwards trend ' , according to vicente iborra .  barca , real and atletico all play on saturday as they are in champions league action .  click here for all the latest sevilla news .
john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ' overreact if she didn ' t get her way ' .  he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfere with their affairs too much .  dozens of other people including ronald reagan came to temple ' s defense and called her a ' very courageous woman of the highest morals ' .
manchester united beat liverpool 2 - 1 at anfield in the premier league .  juan mata ' s brace gave united a 2 - 0 lead in the second - half .  wayne rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the champions league .
massive bus broke down en route to stagecoach depot in dover , kent .  unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers , colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand .  bus weighs the same as two fully - grown african elephants .
lelisa desisa , 25 , of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds .  he beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition ' s 119th race .  caroline rotich , 30 , of kenya won the women ' s division after a tense final stretch .
eden hazard put chelsea into the lead with from the penalty spot in the first half .  charlie adam equalised for chelsea in the second half .  asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner .  eden hazard was on the winning team but will want to forget charlie adam beating him from his own half .  here , sportsmail ' s kieran gill gives his player ratings .
brett robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  she was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  the report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' .
quinton  rampage  jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator .  the former light - heavyweight champion has been through a stressful fight to make ufc comeback .  jackson takes on fabio maldonado at a catchweight of 215lb .
blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs .  jeanette rosenquist , 47 , was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen , denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post .
mark lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife - wielding nationalist kim ki - jong last month .  the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two - and - a - half hours of surgery .  last week south korean prosecutors formally charged the man with attempted murder .
troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven - month - old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home .  footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs .
video allegedly shot near the capital of sanaa sees 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms in the sand . comes after months of conflict which has seen isis - backed houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al qaeda affiliates .  last month , the isis - related group claimed responsibility for a series of coordinated suicide bomb attacks at two mosques in sanaa .
laura cody , 23 , and tanbay theune , 26 , have been criss - crossing the globe after leaving birmingham in july 2013 .  house - sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad .  depending on the arrangement with the property owner , food and transport may be included in exchange for taking care of the person  s home and pets .
tola ore , 32 , admitted one count of fraud at the old bailey .  she fitted a keyboard mouse to her computer allowing fraudsters to steal money from the bank in palmers green , north london .  the gang attempted to deposit 1 , 274 , 000 into 12 different accounts .  ore was due to stand trial this week , but admitted her part in the scam .
palermo have not won away from home since november 2 .  roberto vitiello hopes his side can improve on their poor record .  the islanders are currently 11th in the serie a table .
madonna posted the image of the iron lady on instagram just moments later .  some of her fans took umbrage to the post and said she had gone ' a step too far ' .  madonna , who has a large gay fanbase , established section 28 of local government act 1988 .  section 28 was introduced against a backdrop of councils promoting gay relationships in schools and the rise of aids .  madonna was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time in 2012 .
richard wilkins , 60 , made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations of his grandfather george william thomson .  he tells how having read excerpts from his " papa ' s " war diary lit ' a flame of interest ' to learn more of the world war one veteran .
rochelle holmes , 26 , of bishop auckland , county durham , ballooned to 20st 5lbs .  she was told she could die before the age of 25 due to her bad habits .  after receiving the warning about her health she decided to lose weight .  but by swapping takeaways for healthy alternatives , she managed to slim down to a size 12 .  she said : ' i ' m proof you can succeed and i want to feel healthy for the rest of my life ' .
victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband david on instragram on tuesday .  due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard , captioned it ' silver fox ' .  george lamb is a serious trendsetter , helping to make it cool for young men .  here , femail takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold .
jose mourinho ' s side have led the way since beating everton 6 - 3 .  chelsea had led the table following the first two rounds of games .  the blues can beat that record by 12 days should they stay top between now and end of the season .
john smith , 45 , from connah ' s quay , north wales , is facing jail after stage - managing several collisions in a 1m ' crash for cash ' scam .  he then personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than 1million - to no win no fee lawyers .  luke mcquillan was found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud .
lawmakers in colorado and washington are considering spelling out what ' s allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home .  in colorado , at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil .  washington ' s legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home ; it technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state - licensed store to make brownies .
cpl .  burt hazeltine , 56 , was directing school buses on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis , just west of new orleans .  a male suspect , later identified as former transportation safety administration worker paul devillier , was arrested after a brief ' tussle ' with officers .  hazeltine was shot three times in the face , elbow and eye .
harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals for tottenham this season .  the 21 - year - old has also been shortlisted for the pfa player of the year award .  kane will be remembered by tottenham fans after scoring a match - winning brace in the 2 - 1 win over arsenal .
bradley johnson opened the scoring for norwich in the second half .  bradley johnson doubled the lead in the 62th minute .  cameron jerome scored a second - half winner for norwich .
mirko  cro crop  filipovic faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday .  the brazilian was beaten by a first - round head kick in 2007 .  gonzaga insists he does not view the fight as a rematch .
chad mendes and ricardo lamas face off in fairfax on saturday night .  mendes ' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the brazilian king and lamas also dropped a decision to aldo when the two met in february last year .  aldo ' s upcoming opponent , irishman mcgregor , has dominated conversation in the lead up to the fight .
gloucester beat exeter 30 - 19 in their last - four tie at kingsholm .  jonny may was dropped from england squad after poor showing .  may could claim their first european trophy since 2006 .
temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22c ( 72f ) tomorrow .  that is 11c warmer than the uk april average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20 . 7c ( 69f ) on easter sunday in aboyne , aberdeenshire .  the department for environment , food & rural affairs has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of ' very high ' air pollution .
manchester united have been considering a bid for edinson cavani .  the uruguayan striker is set to stay at paris saint - germain until his contract expires .  radamel falcao and robin van persie could return to monaco . robin van - khelaifi has ruled out selling cavani this summer .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
daniel williams , an office worker from toronto , captured his entire day with a gopro camera .  the 90 - second video is titled ' boring office job gopro commercial ' .
buzzfeed found u . s . census records and selective service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state ' s grandparents were born in america .  clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants .  ' we are turning down people who really want to work , ' she said .
pregnant woman was left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran in the english channel yesterday .  her partner ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself , before diving under the vessel to locate the flare .  the alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in water a mile from dungeness point , kent , at 3 . 30pm .
the fire at bradford city ' s valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .  stuart mccall has always declared himself and his father the fortunate ones .  the fire was one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the club  s then chairman stafford heginbotham , resulting in huge insurance claims .
i  m sure miliband  s coaching team will be patting themselves on the back and declaring a win following the debate .  but his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a torville and dean routine .  cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder .  he made no mistakes but there were no surprises either .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from aqwa mist . older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ' very beautiful ' .  gunta ' s son westley capper , 37 , and pal craig porter , 33 , were summoned to court on monday in marbella .  they are now being investigated on suspicion of agnese ' s illegal detention .
mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy .  he was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt with a zip pocket perfect for storing high - carb energy gel packs .  belt is available for $ 64 . 95 ( 35 ) at kintec , a canadian sports retailer based in vancouver .
mauricio pochettino left st mary ' s last year for spurs .  fans are encouraging match - goers to wear orange instead of the red and white club colours to display their discontent at the former spurs manager ' s departure .  the outcome of the meeting could prove crucial in both clubs ' pursuit of european football .
finnish stunt performer antti pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in riksgrnsen , sweden .  instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death , antti defied gravity by floating effortlessly .  the brain child of finnish extreme sports group , the barmy bunch , spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights .
lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls to attract a mate .  fish woo females with long , rhythmical boatwhistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals .  if they are successful , the pair mate and looks after young that hatch from sticky eggs until they are ready to fend for themselves after around a month .
twitter users have begun editing his face on to famous men ' s bodies .  these images prove there is nothing that photoshop cannot achieve .  miliband has consistently polled low in popularity ratings .
the edwardian - style building and shopfront in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves .  the brothel , formerly known as club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room .  it ' s listed for sale through barry plant real estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses .
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins .  identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos .  as they age different life experiences , such as smoking or diet , create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the dna .
winner of 2013 ' s strictly come dancing joins singer foxes , 25 , victoria ' s secret angel lily donaldson , 28 , and model alice dellal , 27 , in the new series of pictures by simon emmett for fashion targets breast cancer .  now in its 19th year , the campaign has raised 13 . 5m for breakthrough breast cancer ' s research funding .
justin rose ended the day on seven under , sharing third place .  the 2013 us open champion is seven shots behind leader jordan spieth .  rose tees off at the 18th as he recovered from wayward .
prime minister said scottish national party would prop up minority labour administration .  but danny alexander accused pm of ' playing with fire ' by stirring up ill - feeling .  survation poll put conservatives three points ahead on 33 % to labour ' s 30 % .  cameron said outright conservative victory could make britain ' one of the great international success stories of the next decade ' .
jenson button was set to start from the back of the grid for the bahrain grand prix .  the british driver broke down in qualifying but was forced to watch from the sidelines .  mclaren chairman ron dennis said the engine is not broken .
mario mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from sergio ramos and dani carvajal during atletico ' s champions league quarter - final tie against real madrid .  the croatian is expected to be fit for the return at the bernabeu on wednesday .
players are tasked with escaping syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of isis - and making it into europe .  the syrian journey game often leads to players dying and was criticised by experts for turning the suffering of millions into a ' children ' s game ' .  grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers , women being beaten over the head and thrown into the mediterranean from packed migrant ships .
floyd mayweather is down to within three - and - a - half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of manny pacquiao in the fight of the century .  the boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit .  mayweather was photographed taking the scales for the mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight .
leicester beat west ham 2 - 1 in their premier league clash on saturday .  esteban cambiasso scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute .  nigel pearson would have had the midfielder down as his man of the match .
a 20 - year - old girl is in hospital with life - threatening head injuries .  a car crashed into the bedroom of a geelong house after its driver failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8 . 30pm on sunday .  the girl was airlifted to the royal children ' s hospital in melbourne where she remains in an induced coma .  a man and a woman in their 20s , who were in the bedroom at the time , are in geelong hospital with minor injuries .
william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother , alison overton , following her death .  the 14 - year - old wore his mother ' s favourite bandana around the house .  while his grandmother was looking after him , he stayed home while she took his younger brothers out to bring him back chicken nuggets as a lunch time treat .  william ' s father , dean smith , said the family had begun recovering from the loss and were planning their future .
sierra pippen , 20 , is charged with public urination and public intoxication .  police were called to the sheraton in iowa city around 1 . 30am on sunday .  pippen was arrested at the same place on april 10 after getting into a fight with the hotel ' s security .  she is the daughter of scottie pippen and his ex - girlfriend yvette deleone .
would - be fighters are bringing the items across the turkish border into syria .  they have posted pictures of pringles , kinder chocolate , oreos , m & ms and even pre - mixed cans of mojitos .  twitter users condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden .  four britons who were detained in turkey on suspicion of trying to cross illegally into syria were arrested on their return to england yesterday .
brittney griner , 24 , and her fellow wnba player glory johnson , both 24 , were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday afternoon .  several people at the couple ' s home tried to stop griner from fighting after an argument turned physical .  johnson ' s sister called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room .
kat lee ' s desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward .  she told the advertiser a group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog .  ms lee said one of the attackers had offered to buy her son and his friends hot dog before the assault .
khloe , 30 , has been showcasing blonder locks , flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks .  recently revealed she ' s lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime .
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25 % admit they are online constantly .  that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the internet and social networks ' almost constantly ' .  african - american and hispanic youth are among the most active internet users .
harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason are all products of spurs ' youth system .  mauricio pochettino says he will not flood the first team squad with players from the academy next season .  hugo lloris has previously spoken of his desire to play in the champions league .
maria sharapova has pulled out of russia ' s fed cup semi - final with a leg injury .  venus williams , anastasia pavlyuchenkova and elena vesnina all picked for russian .
james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england ' s top test wicket taker .  anderson was involved in the england under - 19 set - up by lancashire under - 17s .  he played for burnley cc , a club which produced more than its share of first - class cricketers : michael and david , john clare , and vishal tripathi .
prime minister took advice from martial arts pupils about the best way to deal with the ukip leader when they go up against each other in the two - hour showdown .  mr cameron later backtracked , insisting there will be ' no bodily contact ' during the debate .  ukip ' s nigel farage said he was feeling ' pretty good ' ahead of his tv test .
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years ' probation after he and his accomplice , marquis mcafee , robbed tommy and jordan gray ' s home in april 2013 .  police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple ' s three - year - old daughter before making off with $ 1 , 100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple .
martina riccioni and her friend antoinettia caffero , 21 , were involved in a horrific head - on collision in perth on easter monday .  ms cafferi was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries .  the transportation of her body could cost as much as $ 20 , 000 .
mohammed khubaib , originally from pakistan , had ' persistent and almost predatory interest ' in teenage girls .  he would pursue his interest ' away from his home and family ' , using his restaurant as a ' focal point ' .  the 43 - year - old married businessman was convicted of the charges against him by a jury at the old bailey in five hours .  he was remanded in custody and warned he faces a long spell behind bars .
jessica bialek , 37 , has been missing since about 8 : 30am on wednesday .  she returned to her home near sydney on thursday evening .  her husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page .  he said he spoke to her thatmorning but she has been ' out of reach since then ' .
queen letizia attended a conference in barcelona in a white trouser suit .  the 42 - year - old was at the science museum attending the opening of second congress for rare childhood diseases .  the mother - of - two was happy to oblige and feature in selfies with the school children .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .  wayne rooney scored his sixth goal in eight games for louis van gaal ' s side .  ander herrera and a special one from wayne rooney sealed the win .
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft - high suspension bridge .  padstow and truro are nearby to offer fish and chips or michelin star dining .  the house can be booked in advance , with prices reaching 3 , 000 per couple for a week ' s stay .
novak djokovic beat alexandr dolgopolov 6 - 7 ( 3 / 7 ) 7 - 5 to reach the quarter - finals of the miami open .  andy murray and kei nishikori also through to the last eight .
james anderson broke sir ian botham ' s long - standing record for 23 years .  the 32 - year - old broke the record in the same match which saw him collect his landmark 100th cap for england .  anderson said he is convinced he can still improve as a bowler .  he said : ' there is no way i am going to rest on my laurels and enter cruise control just because i have the record .  i ' m quite relieved the record is out of the way ' .
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton - on - cherwell , oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s .  he brought the manor into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business .  from then until the present day , the virgin logo has always been printed in the red of those humble manor doors .
samantha crossland , 30 , was pocketing parents ' fees being paid to the nursery .  she had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back .  nursery owner lynda quigley confirmed the amount had been paid into her account on from an ' s . crossland .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor ' s 100 , 000 - per - week wages .  the togolese striker is out of favour under mauricio pochettino . the 31 - year - old has made just nine league starts this season .
haley fox , 24 , of oregon , allegedly fractured 26 - year - old samuel campbell ' s skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday .  she has been charged with first - degree assault .  fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15 , 521 measurements of penises from around the world .  most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other , with most measuring around 5 . 2 inches in length when erect with a 4 . 6 inch circumference .  the average time between penetration and him ejaculating is nine minutes .
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday and managed to save all passengers .  three of the migrants ' boats were in difficulty and sent rescue requests via satellite phones while they were off the coast of libya .
more than 45 , 000 people have signed a petition calling for the removal of the adverts .  katie hopkins , who has been outspoken about weight in the past , tweeted : ' chubsters , quit vandalising protein world ads and get your a * * * running on the road ' .
jose mourinho could return to real madrid one day , says alvaro arbeloa .  the chelsea manager ended his three - year spell in madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013 .  the portuguese right back has made 25 first - team appearances this season .
billy mcneill was the first british team captain to lift the european cup in 1967 .  he was named the scottish footballer of the year in 1964 - 65 , the first ever winner of the award .  the statue will be placed on the recently opened celtic way .  it will be carried out by john mckenna , the sculptor who recently completed the statue of jock stein .
steve simonsen served a one - game ban for betting on a total of 50 games in a year .  the 35 - year - old had not bet on any games relating to his club ' s competitions .  sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision , claiming his punishment was ' unduly lenient ' .
sheriff stanley glanz said in a press conference on monday that the fbi had informed him of the investigation ' s results earlier that morning .  robert bates , a 73 - year - old reserve deputy , says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot eric harris while attempting to help other deputies take harris into custody .  bates has been charged with second - degree manslaughter and faces four years in prison if convicted .
nathan charles has earned four international caps for australia .  the 26 - year - old took part in a promotional video as part of nutri grain ' s # unstoppable campaign .  charles is in with an outside chance of making michael chieka ' s world cup squad later this year .
experts at cardiff university found use of e - cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups , bar the oldest ( 15 to 16 year olds )
paulo ferreira expects jose mourinho to stay at chelsea for ' a long , long time ' .  ferreira played for chelsea for nine years after following chelsea in 2004 .  the 52 - year - old would like to see didier drogba extend his stay at stamford bridge .
steven gerrard was knocked out of the fa cup by aston villa on sunday .  the liverpool captain looked glum at boujis nightclub in kensington .  there will be no birthday fa cup final for him on may 30 .  chelsea ' s victory over manchester united made it mathematically impossible for liverpool to catch the league leaders .  gerrard has just six games left to play in a red shirt with little to play for .
andrew ' drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of the couple ' s two - year - old son and her two teenage daughters .  police said butler and butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off .  after the vehicle stopped , butler dragged her body from the driver ' s seat and left it on the road .  family members said the eldest daughter was screaming , saying : ' don ' t kill my mom ' .
coles has been ordered to pay $ 2 . 5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread .  the falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $ 300 million for coles .  coles was also ordered to display a federal court corrective notice in its stores and on its website .
andre blackman , 24 , stole a jacket worth more than 1 , 000 from harrods .  he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work at hammersmith magistrates court .  blackman has been told he is ' surplus to requirements ' by tangerines boss lee clark .
konstantin sivkov wrote a column for the military - industrial courier earlier this month that russia needed new ' megaweapons ' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies .  he said the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the us , which is ' moving to the borders or russia ' .  he says the tsunami could trigger the yellowstone caldera , a supervolcano that last exploded 640 , 000 years ago .
boeing has filed a patent for a ' transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ' cuddle chair ' .  it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption .
chad geyen , a married father of two from ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday from a self - inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home .  he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 .  the oldest six individuals who have come forward , four are now adults , with the oldest saying the abuse began between him and geyen when he was part of the big brothers organization .
real madrid drew 0 - 0 with atletico madrid in the champions league .  atletico keeper jan oblak ' s display leads on atletico ' s front page .  barcelona face paris saint - germain in the semi - final on wednesday .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 at goodison park on saturday .  eden hazard leads the premier league team of the day this weekend .  philipp wollscheid revels in the physicality of english - style defending .
tests conducted by the faa use planes with a 31 inch pitch , a standard which on some airlines has decreased .  could crowding on planes lead to more serious issues than fighting for space in the overhead lockers , crashing elbows and seat back kicking .
liverpool lost 2 - 1 to aston villa at wembley in the capital one cup .  kolo toure admitted steven gerrard was ' sad ' after the loss .  gerrard didn ' t get his fairytale ending as he leaves the club at the end of the season for la galaxy .
sebastian thrun founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars .  he said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition .  but he said that , much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers , the same may soon be true for full personalities .
mark hamill , 63 , played luke skywalker in star wars : the force awakens .
grenada is known for its zesty spices and self - sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk .  rosemaryes , star fruit , passion fruit , melon and skin - up are the glossiest you ' ll ever see .
manchester city keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis .  the 14 - year - old rejected a move to barcelona ' s la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
manchester united beat city 1 - 0 in the ' mini - derby ' at carrington .  callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united .  the match kicked off at 3pm on saturday with half - and - half scarves nowhere to be seen .
video titled ' we will burn america ' includes footage of 9 / 11 attacks .  it also features footage of beheading of u . s . journalist james foley .  subtitles claim that previous ' mujahideen ' managed to carry out attacks with ' less resources ' than what isis currently has .
andy murray has confirmed that amelie mauresmo will take a prolonged break from each other after wimbledon .  the scot will be replaced by swede jonas bjorkman in the lead - up to the us open .  the 27 - year - old parted company with ivan lendl last year because the czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling .
lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra - trail du mont - blanc ( utmb ) on a whim .  the 29 - year - old would have to keep lifting heavy shoes through 8 , 500m of ascent and descent  equivalent to climbing from sea level to the summit of everest and back .  she ' s since gone on to become britain  s most distinctive female  ultra runner .
durham university scientists studied a ' clump ' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself .  this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe  s mass and having an observable effect on galaxies : without dark matter , our galaxies would  fall apart  as they spin .
london estate agents were invited to value a house in enfield for value .  they were installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps .  the pranks prompt hysterical reactions , which prompts hysterical reactions .
agent arthur baldwin was arrested at 12 : 30am on friday on a residential street in south - eastern d . c . he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property .
the 34 - year - old star of the only way is essex has gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind her successful clothing brand .  new additions include swing tops and blouses , as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos ; all in the same flattering cuts that have cemented her status as one of the nation ' s most popular plus - size designers .
japanese photographer yuki aoyama ' s latest series of images capture po - faced fathers leaping into the air .  in each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose .  the images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into daughter and salaryman .
celtic face kilmarnockat parkhead on wednesday night .  the parkhead side will not play a saturday league tie after the spfl unveiled their post - split fixtures this morning .  aberdeen will play st johnstone in their final game of the season .
steve spowart dived down into the freezing water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences .  the animals ' owner , sonia sharrock , praised her ' absolutely amazing ' brother - in - law , for his incredible feat .  she said : ' i don ' t know what i would have done without him and my sister ' .
letter sent from white star lines to christopher moody , brother of officer james moody , who died on board the oceanic in 1912 . company bosses demand 20 - the equivalent of 2 , 000 in today ' s money , to have mr moody ' s remains sent to his home in scarborough .  they say it will be the family ' s job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial .
a steady stream of mourners filed into the vaughn green east funeral home for freddie gray , the 25 - year - old black man who died on april 19 .  gray died from spinal injuries about a week after he was arrested and transported in a police van .  earlier in the day , a pastor at gray ' s family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man .
habeeb latheef , 48 , is accused of sexually assaulting three women .  he told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling .  instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip .  one of the women suspected he was also using his penis and turned to see him bent over and doing up his zip .
primatologists working in ntokou - pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the bouvier ' s red colobus monkey .  their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 - is not extinct .  the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area .
researchers at sheffield university analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity .  they found obese people fall into one of six categories : .  scientists said their findings suggest that clinicians and policy makers should not target obese as a whole , rather treat them according to the ' type ' of obese person they are .
st etienne want to sign cardiff full - back kevin theophile - catherine .  the 25 - year - old has been on loan at st etienne this season .  st etienne have an option to make the deal permanent for 1 . 5million .
napoli beat wolfsburg 4 - 1 in the europa league quarter final .  rafael benitez has won 12 trophies since 2002 .  manchester city , paris st germain and real madrid are all considering changes .
beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling anorexia .  at the height of her eating disorder , she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing .  she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic and is now a size 8 .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one - man pitch invasion at reading ' s madejski stadium during their fa cup quarter final replay with bradford city last month .  the reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time , before being tackled by stewards .  sumner is facing a potential three - year ban for carrying out the stunt .
hiroshi ueda first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for camera company minolta .  he dreamed up taking photos of himself and his wife while they were in europe .  the stick failed to become a success - mainly due to the poor image quality it captured .  the supersized stick is available on accessory geeks for just $ 23 ( 16 )
nyia parler , 41 , has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in maryland .  her 21 - year - old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in philadelphia last friday .  police believe the man had been left in the woods with nothing but a bible and a blanket .  parler was initially charged with aggravated assault , kidnapping and neglect of a care - dependent person .
time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track .  the jungfrau railway runs from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch .
lyon beat bastia 2 - 0 at the stade de gerland on wednesday .  mohamed yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute .  lacazette is the top scorer in ligue 1 with 25 goals to his name .
hull city have reapplied to have the club name changed to hull tigers .  the move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current .  an arbitration panel has ruled that owner assem allam can make another application to change his side ' s name .
tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary anzac day .  many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two - up .  one woman uploaded a selfie of herself in a low cut top while a clothing store uploaded three women eating anzac cookies with hashtag # leastweforget .
ann rule , 84 , had more than $ 100 , 000 allegedly defrauded from her two sons .  michael rule , 51 , is accused of bullying her into giving him $ 23 , 327 , according to court documents .  ann rule ' s son , andrew rule , 54 , admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs .  prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule .
lucy scott ' s doodle diary of a new mom : an illustrated journey through the first year of parenthood .  edinburgh - born illustrator created the book after looking back at her own experience of being a parent .
technogym have kitted out their cobham training ground with state - of - the - art equipment .  the blues are currently seven points clear at the top of the premier league .  jose mourinho ' s side face manchester united at the etihad on weekend .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
galatasaray striker wesley sneijder has apologised for his actions .  he launched his knife set online via dutch firm senvi which is available for 22 .
charlene fritz , 35 , was visiting snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula .  the elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old .  but at a whopping 200lbs , ms fritz had a struggle to sit upright .  she described the seal ' s eyes as being ' like the deepest depths of the sea ' .
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5 - 3 in the german cup semi - final .  pep guardiola believes his team are shackled by the absence of franck ribery and arjen robben .  the german champions will face eintracht frankfurt on saturday .
shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , was arrested after he burst into shildon post office and stores wielding an axe and demanding cash .  shopkeeper sab dhillon heard mckarry ' s demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him with a baseball bat .  mr dhillon ' s wife appeared clutching her son ' s baseball bat and managed to subdue him further .
tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz , 54 , will take on his detractors in the medical community head - on during a special episode of his show thursday .  the harvard - educated doctor directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence .  oz will sit down for an interview on nbc ' s today show on friday .
two women believed to be off - duty ryanair staff wearing their staff lanyards .  irish aviation authority has decided to probe the incident on good friday .  fellow passengers on board expressed concerns about the behaviour .
joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child .  his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying .  but true happiness eventually found him in the form of evem medeiros , a 5ft 21 - year - old woman he met online .  she said : ' i think the size of my feet is false advertising .  our love life is normal .  we adapt .  lying down everyone is my size ' .
the bullion was loaded onto the hms ulster queen in 1942 .  it was converted into a battle cruiser to take part in a dangerous arctic convoy .  but as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat , one slipped and fell into the muddy waters .  it is not known if it was ever recovered .  a secret diary kept by one of the ulster queen ' s engineers for the first time in a new book .
coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon returned to new york in 2001 .  the couple returned to the city that never sleeps in january 2001 , eight months before the terrible events of 9 / 11 .  the jw marriott essex house boasts panoramic views of central park .
mitchelle blair , 35 , from michigan , is charged with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture .  court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family ' s apartment found the corpses of 13 - year - old stoni ann blair and 9 - year ' s stephen gage berry .  blair also said alexander dorsey was ' never there ' for his children .  blair ' s two surviving children have been placed into a relative ' s care .
living dead enterprises has been over - run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week .  there are almost 50 types of garments dedicated to the movie , ranging in price from $ 45 to $ 100 .  the brisbane clothes - horse last year snared some of the world ' s biggest names to snare the licence from disney ' s marvel range .  fans of the film are buying up big to wear the clothing at the early screenings .
john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets .  he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter .  but when a cop and a case manager looked into his past , they found a previously lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house .  helinksi is an american citizen , has a driver ' s licence and a social security number .
international monetary fund says state will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament .  projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country  s annual deficit , which hit a record 153billion under labour in 2009 - 10 .  conservatives have pledged to return britain to the black in 2018 - 19 with a surplus of 5 . 2billion  the first since 2001 .
anthony joshua faces jason gavern in newcastle on saturday .  the pair go head to head in the ring for the first time in 2015 .  joshua is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three .  gavern ' s last fight in the uk came in november 2013 , when he lost the prizefighter final to michael sprott .
lionel messi and gerard pique both scored in the first half of the season .  the result leaves barcelona just two points ahead of real madrid .  gerard deulofeu was dropped from sevilla ' s squad and denis suarez started on the bench .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , from columbus , ohio , had been instructed by a cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism .  the justice department stated that he was also an islamic state sympathizer , and that his brother , abdifatah aden , was killed fighting with the group in syria in 2013 .
skopelos is known as the film location for mamma mia ! the island lies in the sporades , east of the mainland .  with no airport , most people fly to skiathos , followed by an hour ' s ferry ride .
institute for fiscal studies said ed miliband ' s ' vague ' promise to balance the books would allow labour to borrow 90billion more than the tories by 2020 .  this would rise to 280b in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour remained in power .  think - tank warned that labour ' s failure to control borrowing would leave britain ' less well placed to deal with future adverse events ' .
vincent duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .  the france international scored three tries in the first six rounds of super league xx .
jack wilshere was in the stands for arsenal ' s win against liverpool .  the england international has been out of action since november .  arsene wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of next season .  mathieu debuchy , mikel arteta and abou diaby are in line to feature .  laurent koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
john goodwin , 75 , shot himself outside rockingham county superior courthouse in brentwood on friday morning .  he was airlifted to a hospital , where he died from his injuries .  the jury was not aware of what had happened when they decided they could not reach a verdict in goodwin ' s case .
a man driving to work in alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week .  that set off a chain of events that included a deputy ' s pursuit , a crash , and an arrest . the driver , 29 - year - old terry proctor , did not stop , leading to a pursuit .  proctor was booked into the cherokee county jail , on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools .
' hello everybody .  this is not frank underwood , ' the president said after turning his head into a southern drawl .  ' this is barack obama .  happy april fools ' day .  frank underwood is played by oscar - winning actor kevin spacey and frequently speaks shakespearean - style monologues to the audience .
david silva suffered no fractures after being caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate in man city ' s 2 - 0 win over west ham .  the spaniard was taken off on a stretcher before being given oxygen .  manchester city face aston villa in the premier league on saturday .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
thomas k . jenkins , 49 , of capitol heights , maryland , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george ' s county sheriff ' s office .  from september 2014 to february 2015 , jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover , delaware , authorities said .  jenkins was found in possession of . 45 - caliber handgun that was stolen from a business in maryland state police troop 9 jurisdiction .
michelle manhart , 38 , was detained by police when she refused to return the flag which protesters were trampling on .  police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag - walking demonstration , and issued a warrant for eric sheppard ' s arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus .  meanwhile , tensions rose at valdosta state when campus police found a backpack containing a handgun on tuesday .
match . com is seeking an outgoing , media - savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people .  the lucky candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer .  the trip will last for six weeks and take place during june and july , with all hotel and travel costs covered .
didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal .  the ivorian striker scored both goals as chelsea beat arsenal 2 - 1 .  arsene wenger rejoiced when he left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012 .  he is expected to overcome a knock and return to the emirates on sunday .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity .  the skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from korea  s silla dynasty , leading some experts to suggest the set - up was designed to imitate sex .
becky watts , 16 , vanished from her father ' s family home in bristol on february 19 .  police charged her stepbrother nathan matthews , 28 , with murder .  becky ' s mother tani watts said she fears coming face - to - face with anjie galsworth .  ms watts said : ' i ' m still in the back of my mind not accepting ' .
calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns this season .  between them they have cost 19million , so they are not exactly surprise packages .  chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees , according to official figures .  jose mourinho ' s team are the most likely to protest decisions .  liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials , followed by burnley and west brom .
alexis tsipras met the russian president in moscow yesterday .  he said greece is a ' sovereign nation ' and ' not a debt colony ' .  greece has not received bailout funds since syriza took power in january .
former prime minister said he had ' decades ' still in him and joked he would ' turn to drink ' if he ever stepped down from global roles .  he said he wanted to build up his organisations , such as his faith foundation , so they are  capable of changing global policy  mr blair said he himself had been  mentored  by us president bill clinton when he took office in 1997 .  tory mps expressed horror at the prospect of mr blair remaining in public life for another 30 years .
the first lady was on hand to present 15 - time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy ' s recording artists ' coalition award for her ongoing contribution to popular music .  also in attendance from the music industry were r & b / pop producer rodney jerkins , singer eddie money , singer / songwriter ray parker jr . and singer kirk whalum .
labour leader says he will ' abolish ' the 200 - year - old rule for non - doms .  says they make britain an ' offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ' no longer be justified ' .  but mr miliband argues that non - uk tests ' are not very rigorous ' .  he added : ' it holds britain back .  we will stop it with a clear principle : anyone permanently resident in the uk will pay tax in the same way ' .
zachary cain stickler , 34 , had been accused of physically assaulting his then - partner in february .  he had been charged with making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge .  the charges stemmed from an argument in february in millville california , that escalated and became physical .
manchester university in indiana was in lockdown late friday night after a ' likely prank call ' about an armed person near the main administration building .  police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university .  indiana state police and a bomb squad responded to the incident , though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a prank call .
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on friday , may 29 .  the bolton - born fighter will fight manny pacquiao ' s recent victim .  khan has slammed kell brook for his recent comments .
andy lee beat peter quillin to win the wbo middleweight title in new york .  quillin failed to make the required weight of 160lbs on friday .  it was the first time the irishman had gone the distance .  lee admitted he had been ' lazy ' in the early stages of the fight .
ander herrera scored in manchester united ' s 4 - 0 win over aston villa .  the spanish midfielder appears to have his eyes closed when making contact with the ball .  six of herrera ' s seven goals have been scored without him having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition ' s net .
a knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and water rushing together causes a white flash .  the experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) and was humorously dubbed by those involved as the  pull my finger study 
most rev justin welby said 148 mainly christian victims were ' witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word ' .  pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter ' s square in the vatican , where he also made a nod to the recent agreement between iran and the international community .
west ham drew 1 - 1 with west ham at upton park on saturday .  marko arnautovic ' s equaliser was ruled out for offside and mame diouf hit the post . sam allardyce ' s side remain in the top 10 despite their late slip - up .
andrea bradley , 28 , and glen bates , 32 , have been indicted on murder and child endangering charges in the beating death of their 2 - year - old daughter .  glenara bates was brought to an ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs .
amy wilkinson , 28 , claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner .  she was ordered to pay back a total of 17 , 604 that she claimed over two years when she appeared at south and east cheshire magistrates court last week .  magistrates sentenced her to 24 weeks ' imprisonment suspended for 24 months and ordered her to pay costs of 675 and a victim surcharge of 50 .
prime minister said boris johnson ' suddenly realised ' after years of mischief .  he said mr johnson now understood the pair were no longer in ' competition ' .  mr cameron said he saw his relationship with the london mayor as ' co - opetition ' .
pasquale marino brought alexis sanchez into udinese ' s first team in 2008 .  sanchez spent five years with serie a side barcelona before earning a move to barcelona in 2011 and then to arsenal last summer .  arsenal ' s stand - out player found it so difficult when he was rested for two games by arsene wenger .  sanchez : ' putting him on the bench is like taking a toy from a child ' .
mario balotelli failed to impress during liverpool ' s 0 - 0 premier league draw with west brom in november .  louis van gaal blamed a lack of sharpness for manchester united ' s defeat at everton .  manchester united finished bottom of the ea sports performance figures for the average distance run per game per game .
rory mcilroy will spend the eve of the masters on wednesday .  one direction released their debut album in 2011 , the same year he won his first major .  niall horan will carry the bag in the par - three tournament .
silhan ozcelik , 18 , went missing from her kurdish family ' s home in north london .  she is accused of preparing to carry out a terrorist attack in october 2014 .  the kurdistan workers  s party ( pkk ) is a kurdish rebel organisation founded in 1978 , originally fighting for self - determination and political rights for kurds in turkey .  protestors gathered outside the old bailey with banners and flags to voice their disapproval at the trial .
richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family .  he was a veteran of 63 test matches and played a key role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s .  benaud was a trailblazing all - rounder who took 63 wickets and scored 2 , 201 runs in 63 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country .  prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral .
dr zoe waller , 31 , suffers from the skin condition dermatographia .  this is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure .  histamines are chemicals released in the body as part of an allergic reaction , causing the skin to swell .  his students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course and each day she will draw a new one on her skin .
wat pha luang ta bua in thailand ' s western kanchanaburi province has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks .  however , thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week .  authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them .
new orleans pelicans beat san antonio spurs 108 - 103 on wednesday .  anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds for the spurs .  oklahoma city ' s russell westbrook scored 37 points in the thunder ' s 138 - 113 victory over minnesota timberwolves .
madison small , from ashburn , virginia , left school early on monday and , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital .  by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning .  the virginia medical examiner ' s office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered , but no cause has yet been given .
hannah mcwhirter , 21 , engaged in threesome with co - worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in 2013 .  she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself .  but when mr clark told the boyfriend ' s boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped .  she appeared at aberdeen sheriff court yesterday where she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims .
lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy .  her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks .  eight months later , mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed .  he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh - eating virus .  it perforated his bowel and ate tissue from his chest cavity .
christian benteke has two years left on his contract at aston villa .  the 24 - year - old has scored eight goals in his last six matches .  tim sherwood said there would be talks over benteke ' s 50 , 000 - a - week contract .  villa are believed to value benteke at upwards of 25million .
sarah brady and her husband james crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former us president ronald reagan in 1981 .  mrs brady died friday at the age of 73 .  the brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence said they were ' heartbroken ' at the news .
julia louis - dreyfus has revealed that the ultra - short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo ' s veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton .  the 54 - year - old , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show , was speaking in the latest issue of marie claire ' s career - oriented supplement @ work .
extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks .  even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms . photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh , where isis have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites .
as many as 1 . 9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time throughout this year .  while a record 185 , 000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the lucky country in droves .
first english bulletin aired on al - bayan radio network on tuesday .  nine - and - a - half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an american accent .  broadcast boasted of isis fighters ' roasting the flesh ' of their opponents .
jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that their self - esteem was at rock bottom .  henry was a student and working part - time as an electronic salesman .  after reaching 18st , he landed a job at abercrombie & fitch , where he was scouted by models 1 .
barcelona beat psg 2 - 0 at the camp nou on tuesday night .  andres iniesta has been unhappy with his form this season .  the 30 - year - old is yet to score or create a goal in the champions league .
kim sears ' wedding to kim sears will be a gathering of family and friends .  click right to shop the current collection at net - a - porter ! buy now .
diane blankenship , 45 , is accused of having sex with a 14 - year - old boy .  she has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery .  her bail is set at $ 100 , 000 .
the heritage - listed colonial georgian residence , with three storeys and six bedrooms , is set to sell for $ 4million .  the 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace .  the sandstone and brick home has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces , high ceilings and an open - plan kitchen .
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw .  america are bidding to win their fifth concacaf championship .  nigel reo - coker captained the impact to a credible draw .
michael vaughan has held talks with the ecb over becoming england ' s new supremo .  the 2005 ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three - man shortlist . andrew strauss and alec stewart have both registered their interest .
ross mccormack opened the scoring for fulham in the first half .  jermaine pennant doubled the lead with a stunning free - kick .  matt smith doubled wigan ' s lead in the second half .
guitar hero live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network .  it will cast players as an up - and - coming guitarist in a fictitious band .  instead of playing along with computer - generated characters , players will see a first - person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors .  the game will be released in the autumn for the playstation 4 , xbox one , playstation 3 , xbox 360 and wii u .
the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators ( ucas ) on the x - 47b program .  earlier today , it plugged its in - flight refuelling ( ifr ) probe into the hose of an omega air kc - 707 tanker off the coast of maryland .
video shows traffic moving along a busy street in the province of salihorsk .  as dark clouds move over the city , the entire area is plunged into darkness .  heavy rain associated with the storm also caused electricity cuts and damage to buildings .
ap mccoy will be attending the wedding of one of his wife chanelle ' s friends .  mccoy will not be heading to las vegas to watch mayweather and pacquiao .  he will also visit robbie and jt mcnamara , both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls .  mccoy has challenged channel 4 presenter emma spencer to a match with a tasty side bet .
manchester united face aston villa in the premier league on saturday .  louis van gaal is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson .  ferguson has waited a long time for such news .  manchester city have stopped looking ahead and started to peek over their shoulder .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
munroe bergdorf , 27 , from east london , was 18 when she was a boy .  at 25 years old , she was offered hormones by her doctor .  now she ' s speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head .  phillip pama , 28 , during a row in front of their north brisbane homes .  mr yeaman was known for getting drunk , playing loud music and yelling at ' the world at large ' .  the father of three was granted conditional bail on friday .  pama was ordered to surrender his passport , aherre to a curfew from 6pm to 2am .
sanjay chaddah , 43 , concocted a ' tissue of lies ' claiming dean paton had kicked him and called him a ' p * * i ' following the 18 - month boundary dispute in a genteel village in the wirral .  but the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing .  chaddah was given a six - month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury .
melissa wilson and her team - mates are on the brink of making history .  the women ' s crews will battle the same thames course as the men .  wilson ' s grandfather richard cowell , 85 , from east kilbride , will still see the race , which will be televised for the first time .  clare balding gave up her regular stint on channel 4 ' s grand national coverage to present the event because she wants to send a message about the importance of women  s sport .
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow - covered wilderness during the ill - fated terra nova expedition of 1912 .  some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and the polar party of edward wilson , lawrence oates , edger evans and henry bowers .
the queen gave out maundy coins in the pre - easter tradition in 1935 .  she was joined by the duke of edinburgh , who also present ' alms ' to 89 women and 89 men .  this year , the red purse contains a 5 coin , celebrating the 50th anniversary of the battle of britain .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par .  the former us open champion is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year ' s first major championship .  mcdowell said it would be sacrilege not to play here no matter how much it frustrates you as you have to enjoy it for what it is .
manchester city have increased season tickets for able - bodied fans from 870 to 1 , 700 .  the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a re - seating plan .  some disabled fans say the improved offering is useless to them and point out that they are in wheelchairs .
monaco lost 1 - 0 to juventus in their champions league quarter - final first leg .  alvaro morata got clear of monaco ' s ricardo carvalho in the penalty area .  arturo vidal , claimed the decision was a ' huge injustice ' .
barry hawkins beat matthew selt in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield .  the 2013 finalist will play either mark allen or ryan day in the second round .  selt won five frames in a row to move within one frame of victory .
the 28 - year - old says she feels ' at home ' in london and has no plans to return to the states just yet .  she recently appeared in a west end production of david mamet ' s speed the plow .
carwyn scott - howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste on friday .  the welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the french resort of flaine .  investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the 320ft - high cliff .
the video was filmed at an undisclosed location in china .  it sees the woman demand the man pays compensation for her phone .  despite the man promising to pay her back , she continues to berate him .
president obama met usain bolt on thursday in kingston , jamaica .  the six - time olympic champion said ' nobody ' s ever been faster than this guy ' .  he then told bolt ' wait should we get a pose here ? come on man show me ' .  the pair busted out in the sprinter ' s signature pose for cameras .  bolt wrote on instagram that it was ' truly a great honor meeting the president of united states of america ' .
russian supermodel , 29 , split from partner of five years , footballer christiano ronaldo in january .  she has teamed the retro - inspired spec with a plunging metallic swimsuit .  irina farrow eyewear ' s spring summer 15 campaign shows her slowly emerging from the glistening water .
kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , a 39 - year - old ex - convict , aren ' t in nevada , they may be in the los angeles or oakland , california , areas .  a 4 - month - old girl was found dead in a two - story tract home with a tile roof on wood thrush place , about 10 miles northwest of downtown las vegas .  a
exam board unveiled draft syllabus for 14 to 16 - year - olds .  some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15 - rated foreign film , while others will look at spanish tweets on the olympic games .  proposals aim to rid classrooms of  tired phrases  which some pupils now see as outdated .
louis smith will represent great britain for the first time since winning two medals at london 2012 .  world all - around silver medallist max whitlock and olympic team - mates kristian thomas , sam oldham and daniel purvis are also selected .  the european championships take place in montpellier between april 15 and 19 .
enormous lump was found beneath draycott avenue and walton street .  it was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in chelsea to break .  utility companies , including thames water , discovered the fatberg .  now a 400 , 000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer .
england drew 1 - 1 with italy at the juventus stadium on tuesday night .  graziano pelle opened the scoring for roy hodgson ' s side .  wayne rooney and the rest of the england squad arrived back from italy on wednesday night after their flight was delayed .
liverpool face arsenal in the premier league on saturday .  brendan rodgers ' side are eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play , a massive mountain to climb .  liverpool have won just one and picked up four points compared with manchester united who have won three of five games against their toughest competition .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
the unnamed canadian doctor handed his scathing note on reddit .  he said to be an employee of pizza hut - believed to be pizza hut .  the letter has now be shared thousands of time online .  but some redditors defended the doctor ' s note system .  one commenter said : ' i ' m sorry , but any workplace that requires a note for sickness is ridiculous .  we ' re grown a * * people ' .
richie gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down .  the 45 - times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season in february after suffering an upper - arm injury in the six nations defeat by wales .  fellow scotland internationals johnnie beattie and max evans also expected to leave .
the adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available in australia until july .  it comes less than a month after the death of 32 - day - old riley hughes .  his parents are now urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the disease .
bill nye ' the science guy ' joined president obama today for an earth day excursion , riding aboard air force one with the president during his visit to the florida everglades .  nye held court with press before boarding the airliner , telling them , i love the smell of jet fuel , according to an account provided to white house reporters .  the white house said tuesday that nye would make the trek on its behalf to shoot a video of the president .
manchester city play chelsea in the fa youth cup final on monday night .  the match will take place at city ' s academy stadium , in the shadow of the main etihad stadium and will be shown live on itv4 .  the second leg takes place next monday at stamford bridge .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
leicester travel to west brom on saturday bottom of the premier league .  nigel pearson ' s side are six points adrift from the survival line .  the baggies are holding jeff astle day to honour their former striker .
the rate of bankruptcy , 15 . 7percent - remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid .  vince young earned a reported $ 64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his nfl career .  widely reported rumors say he spent $ 5 , 000 a week at cheesecake factory .
surveillance footage at neely ' s grog house in port st lucie , florida , shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on sunday night .  the man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card .  he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer .
teams from homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates .  at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault .  the greatest activity took place in the san juan , dallas , el paso , los angeles and detroit .  most were u . s . citizens but 91 foreign nationals were also arrested from 18 countries in south and central america , asia , africa , europe and the caribbean .
judy murray , 55 , has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year .  she could be outshone by leonore sears , 53 , who has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit .  the ceremony , in murray ' s home town , dunblane , is being hailed there as the event of the year .
austin west , 4 , drowned while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard of his family ' s home in gastonia , north carolina .  the toddler ' s family went to set up a gofundme account to raise money to cover his funeral costs and related expenses .  the west family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent need of donations .
more than 70 , 000 people have signed a petition demanding mcdonald ' s remove spikes from outside its branch in leeds city centre .  critics say the spikes were installed two years ago in an attempt to stop anti - social behaviour , not target the homeless .  but critics say they have been put in because they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed on areas which used to be benches .
the nsw state emergency service is warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise .  nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday .  flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the sydney , newcastle and hunter regions .  people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis .
intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm ' s button sized computed and controller wristband .  he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans .  the robots were powered by curie , a computer the size of a button developed by intel .
stephanie scott ' s funeral was held in eugowra , nsw ' s central west on wednesday .  hundreds of people gathered at eat your greens , just outside the city ' s eugo .  ms scott was allegedly murdered on easter sunday , just days before her wedding .  her fiance aaron leeson - woolley was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt .  her coffin was carried to the hearse before it pulled away from the venue .
visa restrictions index ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their citizens enjoy .  finland , germany , sweden and sweden are among the most restricted countries in the world .  the score was calculated based on visa regulations of all countries and territories .
man , from brent , northwest london , works in military ' s post office .  he could have had access to names and address of all military personnel .  he has been put on compassionate leave from his post office , it is claimed .  it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the miami open final .  the british no1 marries kim sears in dunblane on saturday .  murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the serb .
graziano pelle scored nine goals in his first 12 matches for southampton .  the 29 - year - old has not scored in the premier league since december .  pelle has not managed to find the net in recent months .
fergal o ' brien says last year ' s fourth alvarado is in better shape .  the 10 - year - old gelding has run only once this season , finishing fifth at doncaster in february .  o ' .  spent 18 years working for trainer nigel twiston - davies , 16 of them as head lad .  gary moore - trained 2014 champion chase winner sire de grugy runs over two and a half miles for the first time on friday .
the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president ' s home at 10 . 25pm last night .  it is the latest in a string of embarrassing security breaches to hit the us capital .  the 8ft - tall fence is due to be replaced in the longer term with a permanent , more secure barrier .  last wednesday an illicit gyrocopter was able to land on the west lawn of the us capitol .
kieran agard , joe bryan and aaron wilbraham scored for bristol city .  steve cotterill needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of a career .  city have finished two 3 - 0 defeats in four days that have finished their last hope of automatic promotion .
jordan spieth took a three - shot lead into the second round at augusta .  the 21 - year - old is the youngest first - round leader in masters history .  justin rose made the early running with an impressive five - under - par 67 .  rory mcilroy and defending champion bubba watson shot 71 .
rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in new brunswick , new jersey , for the rest of the spring semester .  last month , a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in which a member of sigma phi epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house .  in september , a 19 - year - old student , caitlyn kovacs , died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party .
lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters .  vonn looked stressed at times though woods played a solid round , carding a three - under - par 69 .  this was vonn ' s second day in a row cheering on woods .  if spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in masters history with woods .
leeds beat reigning champions st helens 41 - 16 on friday night .  ash handley scored six tries in just six super league appearances .  the 19 - year - old got his big chance due to an injury to england winger tom briscoe .
tyler walker came off the bench to score his first senior goal of his senior career at brentford on monday .  the 18 - year - old is son of former england and nottingham forest defender des walker .  walker has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far .
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors at augusta .  the 25 - year - old has just one top - 10 finish to his name in six masters appearances .  the world number one says it is ' unthinkable ' that he will not win the masters .
tracey neville is phil neville ' s twin and i ask her which of them emerged first . the 38 - year - old won bronze medals at the commonwealth games and world cup .  she was parachuted into the top job last month and will select a squad of 12 for the tournament in august . neville has risen to the rank of national head coach first , taking england ' s netball team to this summer ' s world cup in australia .
harrison stone morley and cleo tea morley were born at 37 weeks on march 20 .  jade - henry has a rare form of dwarfism called achondroplasia .  he is now a big brother to three - week - old twins .  the morleys released a video to explain their son ' s condition .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , killed brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , in 1970 .  he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  judge called brutal double - murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .  he shot them both in ' execution - style ' killings to avenge sister ' s death .  vuoz ' father , herbert , later received nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first since joining from chelsea in february .  the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the german side was ' eating away ' at him .  wolfsburg are seven points clear of borussia monchengladbach .
pleasaunce cottage in dormans park in east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century .  with wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country .  historians are eager to put the house forward for listing to further protect its heritage .
manchester united checked on felipe anderson and gonzalo higuain .  anderson set up lazio ' s winner for senad lulic in the coppa italia semi - final .  the 21 - year - old has attracted interest from psg , manchester city , arsenal and liverpool .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
tony abbott says the eu must ' urgently ' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean as they seek a new life in europe .  italian prime minister matteo renzi said his country was ' at war ' with migrant traffickers , describing them as ' the slave traders of the 21st century ' .  eu leaders will hold a crisis summit in brussels today to agree a strategy after up to 900 were killed when a fishing boat from libya capsized .
jessica silva tells 60 minutes that ' my head is just full , i can ' t live with it , i need forgiveness ' .  michael usher revealed her walked away from the experience ' totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people ' .  he also admitted that mr polkinghorne could still not understand why his son was dead .
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor has posted a video on youtube urging is sympathisers to attack anzac day services in australia and new zealand .  the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities .  taylor claims to be fighting with islamic state in syria .
collector alan mays has unearthed a treasure trove of vintage ice - breakers .  they bear phrases such as : ' may i be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening ? ' .  rhyming couplets appeared to have been rather popular in the 19th century according to these cards .
transavia france is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps , gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops .  each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe .
number of deaths every year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over next two decades .  at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation , rising undertakers  bills .  younger people are finding it increasingly difficult to afford homes or to start families .
angel di maria and radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal on sunday .  ashley young , marouane fellaini and juan mata were all out of the derby .  chris smalling and phil jones were also on the scoresheet .
the large hadron collider was restarted today after two years being upgraded .  scientists hope to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device ' s upgrade .  the lhc is currently running at a low ' injection ' energy of 450 giga - electron volts ( gev ) in june it will increase to a record - breaking 13 tera - - up from 7 tev at the time it managed to detect the higgs boson in 2013 .
martina hingis will play poland ' s agnieszka radwanksa in the fed cup for switzerland .  the 34 - year - old won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 .  she was ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks and is poised to return .
shocking images were taken in isis - held territory in homs . show two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis .  they made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ' sins ' .  one of the victims appears resigned to his fate as one of his soon - to - killers shoulders his hand of his shoulder .
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 in the monte carlo masters .  the spaniard is an eight - time champion in monte carlo .  nadal is eight time champion at monte carlo but hasn ' t won since 2012 .
milorad mazic refereed atletico madrid ' s champions league clash with real madrid .  the brazil defender was left riled when mazic failed to punish sergio ramos for an elbow on mario mandzukic .  mario suarez has also blasted the serbian official after being booked on tuesday night .  click here for all the latest atletico madrid news .
david haye was stopped at dubai international airport and held over a 341 , 000 bounced cheque as payment for a new property which bounced .  the 34 - year - old has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012 .  haye has said the ' bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error .  he has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .
ayatollah hossein dehnavi made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in iran .  it is the latest controversial teaching put forward by the muslim cleric .  homosexuality is punishable by death in the state .
ander herrera scored twice in manchester united ' s 3 - 1 win over aston villa on saturday .  the spaniard has started the last eight matches for the club .  the 25 - year - old says he wants to stay at old trafford for a long time .
mariel hemingway , 53 , is the granddaughter of literary legend ernest hemingway .  she was just 16 when she starred as woody allen ' s teenage girlfriend in the romantic - comedy ' manhattan ' .
lavall hall , 25 , had been released from a mental hospital just one week before the shooting .  his mother , catherine daniels , called police to take him to a mental health unit .  hall ' s family have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of miami gardens and the two police officers , peter ehrlich and eddo trimino .
u .  s . secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 .  they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of june 30 to sign a comprehensive accord , which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief .
giant hole opened up on earl street , northampton , at 2pm on thursday .  motorists had to swerve out of the way of the hole after it appeared .  police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole .  one eyewitness said : ' it is like something you would see in a disaster movie ' .
currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone .  the charges will end from july 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog , ofcom , today .  alternatively , some who rely on mobile phones rather than landlines are put off accessing these services by the cost .
fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event , known as the encierro .  the town ' s mayor said he feared the reality tv show would turn the world famous festival into something out of big brother .  he said : ' turning san fermin into something like big brother would be terrible ' .
muslim engagement and development said to have boasted they can act as ' kingmakers ' .  the group has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour .  at least one election candidate is said to be approached by a high - profile muslim .  mend ' s 48 page manifesto does not make mention of wanting to let british muslims fight in syria .
elizabeth jane howard ' s collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery will go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london on thursday .  among the most striking is a gold roman bracelet made from three gold wires twisted into a spiral design .
jack wilshere and glenn hoddle attended the launch party of 10ten talent .  the arsenal midfielder was given the ' honour ' to interview pele .  pele has said last year ' s world cup was a ' disaster ' for brazil .  click here for all the latest brazil news .
the unsettling video was uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung .  it shows a clawed creature biting through a steel cage with a visibly bleeding mouth .  the video has been the subject of heated debates over the species of the animal .  some users claim it is a rare ' water monster ' from chinese folklore .
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles .  cardboard cutouts or waxworks of celebrities including bob dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture .  the gnome is next to the legs of george harrison , who is wearing red on the album ' s cover art .  auctioneers in the us have valued the gnome at about 17 , 000 .
domanik green , 14 , charged with ' offense against computer system , unauthorized access ' which is a 3rd degree felony .
richard iii ' s skeleton found to have a distinctive scoliosisof the spine .  it was discovered under a car park in leicester where he wasn ' t a hunchback .  but scans of the king ' s spine show he had blue eyes and likely had blonde hair - although there is no evidence he walked with a limp .  dr mary ann lund , from the university of leicester , said tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine .
rickie lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining liverpool .  mario balotelli regularly gets more time on the pitch , and regularly fails to deliver .  lambert has to go down as liverpool ' s worst - ever signing .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
nikki kelly , 24 , from bridport , dorset , believed she was suffering from period cramps - before giving birth to son james , now three months , in ' three pushes ' .  she had been taking the contraceptive pill and continued to have periods for the whole nine months and experienced no morning sickness or cravings whatsoever .  she and partner aaron swallow , 27 , have made an offer on a house so they can start living together as a family .
the 34 - year - old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may , spoke with elle . com about her daughter ' s budding independence and style preferences .
pete evans has been dropped as a celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ' sumo salad ' .  this has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth .  this comes at the same time that evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ' bubba yum : the paleo way ' will become a self - published digital book to be released this month .
nico rosberg will start behind lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third .  rosberg missed out on pole to hamilton by just 0 . 042secs .  hamilton has now been out - qualified by hamilton than he has recently .
arsenal beat arsenal 1 - 0 at turf moor in the premier league on saturday .  arsene wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season .  the gunners have won only once in 11 games but face hull city , leicester city and aston villa in their final six fixtures .
the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning .  the band said it was ' thinking of andrew chan & myuran sukumaran and their families right now ' .  fans were divided on the posts , with some supporting the pair ' s stance , while others criticised it .
tiger woods played an 18 - hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national .  the 39 - year - old announced on friday that he will play in the masters .  woods last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 .  he has plunged to no . 104 in the world ranking , his lowest spot since a week before his first professional victory in 1996 .
scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so he could collect a bag of vegetables .  but as they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in north charleston .  scott jumped out of the car - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer michael slager in a horrifying incident captured on a passerby ' s cell phone camera .
a group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of ' multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate ' last week .  last week 12 christian men from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the mediterranean sea .  survivors from the boat have now claimed the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion .
karim benzema will miss real madrid ' s champions league clash against atletico madrid on wednesday .  carlo ancelotti is ' hesitating ' between playing a 4 - 4 - 2 or 4 - 3 - 3 formation .  gareth bale and luka modric also look likely to miss wednesday ' s clash .  mundo deportivo hail ' mister lucho ' luis enrique for his impressive record as barcelona manager .
christopher stefanoni , 50 , says his nine - year - old son was moved into a lower little league team because his affordable housing homes threatened the town ' s white ethnic makeup .  stefanoni says his son was kicked off his team and put in a lower - ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing .  the town has previously been investigated by the justice department over a policy which gave affordable housing priority to jews .
shahnawaz , 40 , was returning home from a family function with his sons .  two children , 13 and nine , stood wailing and begging bystanders .  police did not arrive from a chowki merely 50 metres away .
the highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion - forward range .  in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection , the company teamed with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers .  the move proved an instant success as the $ 88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range .
chinese - born yingying dou , 30 , ran the mymaster website mymaster .  it was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments .  but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating .  university of sydney said it had identified 15 university students guilty of using the website after being provided with 94 examples .  two students from the university of newcastle have been expelled and eight have been suspended .
yamini karanam , 26 , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain .  she was struggling to comprehend things she had read , and felt lost in conversations .  surgeons were shocked to discover the growth was in fact an embryonic twin .  miss karanam branded the tumour her ' evil twin sister ' who ' s been torturing me for the past 26 years .  the skullbase institute has removed around 7 , 000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas .
incumbent chicago mayor rahm emanuel celebrated tuesday night a hard - fought victory against challenger jesus ' chuy ' garcia .  the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .  emanuel had about 56 per cent of the vote compared to around 44 per cent for his opponent .
prime minister will offer public 4 billion of lloyds shares still held by the government after gordon brown ' s 20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers  money .  shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time , with the proceeds used to help pay down the national debt .  thirty - three major companies were privatised under mrs thatcher between 1984 and 1991 .
bilal skaf was assaulted by three other inmates at goulburn correctional centre on friday .  a ' 33 - year - old inmate ' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day .  he was one of 14 mostly muslim lebanese australians who went on a four - week rampage of raping australian women and teenage girls in sydney ' s southwest . skaf is not eligible for parole until february 11 , 2033 .
noelle baynham was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door .  the 61 - year - old ' s body had been partially eaten by the jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier , which are initially thought to have tried to wake her .  pathologist reaveled that she had died ' a few days ' before she was found .
row broke out between andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 .  pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the new ridgeway farm housing development in july last year .  mr bretti threw a flurry of punches at the 64 - year - old through the driver ' s window .
cassandra cassidy , 24 , was shot as she tried to help two women ' afraid of men in a car ' .  the fashion design student died in hospital shortly afterwards .  ms cassidy had recently launched her own vegan clothing label .  boyfriend of two years , adam loghides , 26 , said working at the rehab centre was a perfect fit for her .
young adults tell it like is is on twitter under the hashtag # realistic ya .  the main character , katniss everdeen , deals with exciting scenarios but never from any teenage ailments such as acne or braces .  many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels .
the 20 - month - old has been cast as a blinged - up rascal with a tattoo on his arm .  teasers for the itv programme show the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little ' common ' .  prince george could be days away of becoming an older brother as the duchess is due to give birth to her second child ' mid - to late april ' .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside .  the photo was taken in the run - up to last month ' s visit to the u . s but was released by clarence house today .  camilla was so nervous she had to be dragged out of bed - the ceremony went off without a hitch .
researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device .  bodyprint was devised by illinois - based duo joel paglione and niko zistakis .  they claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day .
bridewell prison in liverpool was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes .  the grade ii listed building was previously known as a police station and courts complex for the corporation of liverpool .  the quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into bright and airy abodes .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .  footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path .  luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on january 28 .  the cleveland browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team , which begin on april 20 .  he was spotted partying at fdr lounge at the delano in miami on new year holiday , alongside lebron james and ryan phillippe .
seattle seahawks beat the saints 2 - 0 in their nfc championship clash .  michael bennett labelled the tight end ' soft ' and ' overrated ' .  jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle which gives russell wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at .  ' i ' m going to be a better team - mate to him because he ' s on my team .  i can ' t do the things i was doing to him when we were playing him , ' bennett said .
a police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about ben cousins ' arrest to his girlfriend channel 7 reporter monique dirksz .  the 29 - year - old was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low - speed chase from bicton to mosman park , in perth .  first class constable daniel jamieson is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage .  acting police commissioner steve brown said ms dirksz had done nothing wrong .
women routinely ask for 4 , 000 less for a typical job , but this widens to up to 10 , 000 in more senior industries such as accountancy .  on average , women ask for almost a fifth less than men in accountancy , rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors .  east anglia and the east midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries , while north west england had the smallest .
up to 120 , 000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short - sightedness .  almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication .  most operations are done privately , with patients paying up to 5 , 000 to have both eyes corrected .
tripadvisor ' s annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world .  guests could buy 16 bottles of vodka in kiev , ukraine , for the same price as a club sandwich in sofia .  london is the third priciest destination in the world , after new york and zurich .
carol chandler , 53 , allegedly molested a boy , under the age of 14 , during the 1980s .  she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency .  the charges have not yet been formally put and chandler has not entered pleas .  famous former pupils of the 32 , 000 - a - year school include the chancellor , mumford and sons banjo player winston marshall and tv presenter dan snow .
judge charles wide qc described it as a ' highly organised , large - scale criminal enterprise ' which risked the health of members of the public .  the uk - wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face - to - face customers around the world .  one group based in southern england was headed by neil gilbert , 42 , who made up to 60 , 000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers .
rafa benitez has reached his seventh european semi - final in 12 seasons .  the spaniard beat wolfsburg 6 - 3 in the europa league semi - finals .  napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the latter stages of a european competition following spells with valencia , liverpool and chelsea .  click here for all the latest napoli news .
natasha jonas will retire from boxing after a successful career in the ring .  the 30 - year - old made history when she took on katie taylor in the women ' s lightweight competition at london 2012 .  jonas was the first female boxer to represent great britain in an olympic games .
reanne evans beat ken doherty 10 - 8 at ponds forge sports centre .  the 29 - year - old mum from dudley , took out the first frame 71 - 15 .  doherty said : ' she played better than me and lost . .  .  she played out of her skin .  it was good match play snooker and tough all the way through ' .
vijay chokal - ingam claims that he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance .  he claims in 1998 he shaved his head , trimmed his ' long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students during the process .  despite his startling claims , he fails to mention if he went through the same application process as an inidan - american man as he did a black man .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  ricky hatton says the hitman has the style to beat mayweather .  hatton also says having freddie roach in his corner gives pacqui .  massive advantage .
naunihal singh , 54 , woke up great - grandfather ujjal singh , 63 , and slashed him with a kitchen knife at his son and daughter - in - law ' s home .  the attack came after a heated argument over the couple ' s lack of children - with uj ' s son yawinder - pal  monty  , 37 , of ' firing blanks ' .  he was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder .
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando , florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65 - years - old .  the victim ' s identity has not been released .
linda macdonald , 55 , was arrested for driving while intoxicated on monday night in dummerston , vermont .
the giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs ( 2 . 7kg ) it was extracted from a 45 - year - old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease ( adpkd ) this causes fluid - filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size .
new study presents evidence that the panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier than thought .  before the isthmus of panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action , the central american seaway linked the atlantic to the pacific as one great ocean .  north , north america broke apart from europe and headed on a gradual collision course with south america .
colin graves is the new ecb chief .  tracey neville has played and worked her way to the very top of her sport .  inter milan are way off the pace in serie a .
as darkness fell on the beach in hokota , japan , coastguards called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon - headed dolphins that had beached .  the rest of the animals had either died or were dying , they said .  but the remaining of the beached pod are ' dead or dying ' .
jonas gutierrez was dropped from squad for sunday ' s defeat by tottenham .  the argentinian has twice beaten testicular cancer .  the 31 - year - old is now set to be released at the end of the season .
guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of 135m over three years .  but the pl want as much as 60m a year from a mega title backer .  the fa have failed to find an ' in association ' fa cup partner this season .
the stone tools were discovered buried in sediment along the west coast of lake turkana in kenya .  it means ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first ' man ' - the start of our branch of the evolutionary tree known as homo .
vatican medics told pope to cut down on pasta intake to two servings a week .  weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica , a nerve condition .  francis himself has suggested he does not expect to live to an old age .
raymond charles laing has spent the past three years behind bars .  he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel .  he has been convicted 26 times for drink - driving , and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified .  despite his comments , laing will walk free on may 15 .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars .  in 2013 he stood before his florida church to beg for someone to adopt him , and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven - year - old .  on wednesday , connie going said : ' i
clare van santen , 37 , is currently battling terminal breast cancer .  she was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 but has since spread to her liver , shoulder , and brain .  the mother - of - five has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children , whose ages range from 20 to nine years old .
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national .  creamer floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth ' s victory at the masters on april 14 .  the world no 27 won the 2010 women ' s us open .
rifaat al - assad , 77 , is being probed by french police over his finances .  he went into exile in europe after staging a failed coup against his brother hafez al assad .  his family ' s assets are valued at around 64million - much of it held through a web of businesses based in luxembourg .
the unnamed woman has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son ' s first birthday .  she demands a $ 63 . 99 water table from walmart , a $ 19 . 99 play tent and a $ 7 . 99 cheerios book .  the recipient of the email , who deleted the child ' s name , labelled the post ' most demanding 1st birthday invite ever ' .
lee keeley grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall .  the 38 - year - old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in january .  he was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey met at villa park on tuesday night .  sherwood celebrated his team ' s goal en route to christian benteke ' s hat - trick .  the pair could become a united force again in seasons to come .  harry kane , ryan mason and nabil bentaleb are part of their legacy .
jessa , 22 , and her 19 - year - old husband ben seewald , 19 , announced the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc .
# a * * holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world , admitting through their pictures to cleaning , feeding , and entertaining their children to their dissatisfaction .  ' i wouldn ' t let her have a knife , ' explained one parent on the website .  ' have you ever served your child a drink from the pink cup when they wanted blue ? then you might be an a parent , ' said one parent .
barcelona beat psg 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter final on wednesday .  luis suarez scored a brace as barca put themselves in control .  suarez says he nutmegged luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
roberto martinez has rejected accusations that he is stubborn in his tactical approach .  the everton manager has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back .  everton are 11th in the premier league with 37 points .
ed miliband today refused to guarantee harriet harman would become deputy prime minister .  miss harman has previously suggested gordon brown ' s refusal to maker her deputy pm was sexist . the snub comes just days before the party launched its women ' s manifesto .
william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend ' s mother , marilyn buttigieg , then 44 years old .  the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss in september 2005 .  but they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together .  marilyn , now 25 , said : ' the age gap doesn ' t matter .  age is just a number and it ' s about time people got over it ' .
the memo for members of congress states that ' the uk may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda ' .  it also warns that the uk faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament .  the relationship between britain and the us was strong under margaret thatcher and ronald reagan .
robin van persie has missed manchester united ' s last six games .  the 31 - year - old has declared himself fit for the manchester derby .  he has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1 , 993 minutes of action .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool .  harry redknapp says sterling needs to focus on his football rather than his pay - packet .  sterling has put off contract talks until the summer .  steve mcmanaman branded sterling ' s behaviour ' ridiculous ' and ' baffling ' .
javier hernandez scored the goal that beat atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday night .  real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker .  the mexico international has scored four goals in 421 minutes of la liga football , averaging just under a goal per game and two more in cup competitions .
local entrepreneur anthony martin has invested a substantial financial stake in plans for the battle of waterloo .
kelsey higley , who studies art media at the university of oklahoma in norman , created a self - portrait of her body , showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented .  the 22 - year - old ' s work is part of a project and has been published on video - sharing site vimeo .
manchester united lost 3 - 0 to everton at goodison park on sunday .  james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas scored for red devils .  louis van gaal said his players could not match everton ' s motivation .
party will launch billboard advert using image from 1979 ' labour isn ' t working ' poster .  but instead it will warn : ' the doctor can  t see you now ' .  poster features same long line of people used to highlight dole queues .  but this time places them outside a waiting room .
england finished on 116 - 3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the first test . captain alastair cook failed with the bat once again on day three .  opening partner jonathan trott said : ' everyone knows cook has a weakness ' .
sunderland host newcastle united in the premier league on sunday .  lee cattermole will return to the starting line - up for the wear - tyne derby .  massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season with a cyst from the knee .
christian benteke scored his seventh premier league goal of the season .  qpr were only ahead for three minutes after bobby zamora ' s equaliser .  tim sherwood ' s side are five points clear of relegation danger .
ukip leader nigel farage was out in thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament .  mr cameron was pictured cooing over a new - born baby held by his wife last week .  the pm and lib dem deputy nick clegg were also snapped on the campaign trail posing for photographs with mothers and their babies .
easyjet and ba are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights over the next three days .  experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed , depending on how strongly the strike holds .  british airways said it was cancelling around a dozen return flights from the uk .  tomorrow is the first day of a new regultion which forces travel operators to check the passports of all passengers leaving britain .
prime minister had just done a viewer call - in on itv ' s this morning .  he said : ' up next , a man who can pinch your wallet , your watch and even your tie without you noticing ' .  co - host amanda holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads .  mr cameron admitted the ' close election ' means he is not getting to see his family as much as he would like .
tesco under pressure to axe 200 stores on top of 100 already closed or cancelled .  loss is the largest ever declared by a british retailer and reflects shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores .  britain  s biggest retailer made a profit of 1 . 4billion on sales through the tills across the world in the year to the end of february , down by 60 per cent worth of one - off costs .
the 44 - year - old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league ' s new ask4more campaign .
wayne rooney is the leading scorer in derby history with 11 goals .  the 29 - year - old scored in united ' s 3 - 1 win over aston villa last week .  rooney has enjoyed a good record against manchester city since he joined united in 2004 .
dorian poe , 11 , from burlington , ontario , sent his favorite toy bear tikko off on a round - the - world mission in january 2013 to raise awareness about his disability .
images show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles .  some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes - something previously unthinkable .  the iranian youth is also among the most politically active groups within the 57 nations that make up the islamic world .
robin van persie has 14 months left on his 250 , 000 - a - week contract .  but united officials are willing to be willing to pay the remaining half of a 10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker .  radamel falcao and javier hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer .
arnold palmer was the first man to birdie both the final two holes at augusta national to win the masters .  sandy lyle sent his 1 - iron tee shot into the bunker protecting the left side of the fairway .  phil mickelson stood over his approach to the 18th on sunday .
pedro has started only 12 league games for barcelona this season .  the 27 - year - old has had to make do with a squad role at the nou camp .  pedro has been linked with a move away from barcelona this summer .
rona fairhead , 53 , accused of being ' incredibly naive or totally incompetent ' by margaret hodge , chairman of the commons public accounts committee .  now , 53 - year - old has told shareholders she will stay on for ' a further one - year period ' before leaving the bank ' s board entirely , according to the times .  hsbc said in its annual report that mrs fairhead would again stand for re - election .
the young german shepherd bounces about the decking playfully while its mother relaxes on the floor .  after keeping a close eye on the puppy , the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose .  the video concludes with the youngster immediately becoming unsettled and chewing on the corner of its toy bone .
jermaine kellman , 29 , marvin sempler , 30 , clinton jackson , 25 , and darren lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s .  they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city , hertfordshire .  mrs fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing 250 and a mobile phone from under her pillow .
jake hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench .  towie star james ' arg ' argent was also in the crowd to celebrate .  hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating hollywood actress lindsay lohan .
the black bears were spotted in the government hill area of anchorage several days in a row , nosing through overturned receptacles and putting the neighborhood on alert .  residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators .
single - engine piper pa - 32 crashed in the punta cana region of the dominican republic today .  two britons were among the six passengers on the small plane which crashed at about 8 . 15am today .  the pilot was attempting to make an emergency landing and burst into flames .  local police said four of the passengers were tourists from spain and two were from britain .
the licensing system for agents is to change so anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay 500 for an initial one - year registration period .  the fa will then charge 250 for every subsequent year of renewal .  mel stein , chairman of the london - based association of football agents , thinks the new regulations will ' create anarchy ' .
michael thorpe , 55 , was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in 2006 .  he said he could not afford to pay sky tv ' s rates for football matches .  but he was convicted , fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago when screening the matches was still treated as a criminal offence .
maxwell morton , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of 16 - year - old ryan mangan at mangan ' s home february 4 .  defense attorney patrick thomassey doesn ' t deny that morton meant to kill mangan .  he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when mangan was shot in the left eye .  morton ' s lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys .
rotherham beat brighton 2 - 0 at the new york stadium .  matt derbyshire ' s early finish proved to be the difference between the two teams . jordan bowery and kazenga lualua tested the keepers at either end in the opening stages .
craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square .  desired effect being a more eye - grabbing and clean - cut look .  many are now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes .
chrystie crownover , 63 , told gma on monday that she watched her ex - husband bruce ' s dramatic interview with diane sawyer .  the couple had a son burt , 36 and a daughter cassandra , 34 , separated when she was pregnant with their second child .  bruce , who has six biological children , was the first to learn about his gender confusion and has kept his secret for 43 - years .
a federal judge has ordered the metropolitan transportation authority to run on its buses anti - islam ads featuring the phrase ' killing jews is worship ' .  judge john koeltl said in a decision made public tuesday that the incendiary ad is protected under the first amendment .  he noted that examples of violent attacks cited by the mta show that individuals may commit heinous acts without warning .
bubba watson took to twitter to show fans a new trick he had been working on .  the 36 - year - old showed off a baseball - style shot with a driver in china .  watson ' s form has been poor in recent weeks after a disappointing masters and shenzen international .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the kite was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival in chongqing in south - western china .  but chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon - themed kite could not be flown , and the team were forced to fly only half of it .  each of the 2 , 000 pieces bears the chinese characters ' china dream ' and it takes eight hours to get the full - length kite airborne .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the la liga on tuesday .  fernando torres believes coach diego simeone ' s understanding of the team ' s weaknesses has been the key to their success .  atletico beat real to win the season ' s super cup curtain - raiser in february .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet .  he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in .  he and the victim had attended the same school when they were children .
martin vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellations have shifted from 50 , 000 bc to 100 , 000ce .  results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long - running promotions .  figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion .  experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced .
hsbc was ordered to pay them compensation after the banking industry watchdog found it  relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age  the banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the 250 , 000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18 - year - deal finished .
youtube user joe penna solved a whopping 1 , 296 mini rubik ' s cubes 961 times .  the animated video features a robot building a spaceship , heading off into the atmosphere and finding love .  the pair then abandon the spaceship and zoom off into atmosphere with the help of the female robot , who acts as a robotic - style jet pack .
leicester city beat west ham united 1 - 0 in their premier league clash .  andy king scored the only goal of the game in the 86th minute .  david nugent missed from the spot for the hammers .
property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1 . 5 % .  london will fare the worst , with prices actually dropping by 3 . 6 per cent .  follows last year  s record price hike of 17 . 4 % in the capital .
david cameron was pictured at breakfast with wife samantha and three children .  he was filmed at home with his family for an itv profile due to be aired .  mr cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term .  he asked his four - year - old daughter about her fairy costume for world book day .  one of his older children replied : ' it ' s absolutely disgusting .  i brought in a chip that was half green ' .
stuart broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year .  alastair cook , who won the toss and chose to bowl , worked his way to 37 not out at stumps .  broad took three wickets on day two as england bowled west indies out for 299 .  devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel lifted west indies to 299 .
the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world ' s biggest . but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own .  the event , which did not break the world record , was raising money for victims of human trafficking .
charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas .  the 29 - year - old and her horse valegro recorded a score of 85 . 414 percent .  the score was short of the 87 . 129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year .
the elephant was found lying on its side in a muddy quagmire in southern china .  more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free her before she died of starvation , dehydration or exhaustion .
edwin ' jock ' mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets on a military base in croydon .  he ' raped 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , during army interview process ' .  one of the women , a virgin in her early 20s , fell pregnant when mee raped her .  mee told her she needed to renew her passport and asked if she worked as a prostitute in the uk , jurors heard .
youssouf mulumbu has picked harry kane and eden hazard for the young player of the year award .  the west brom midfielder posted an image of his voting slip to twitter on wednesday .  hazard , almost three years kane ' s senior , was picked for the award .
indonesia tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals .  despite only occupying 1 per cent of the earth ' s land mass , indonesia ' s rainforests are home to 12 % of mammal species in the world .  madagascar is second , with 114 endangered mammals , while mexico sits in third with 101 . 5 .  experts from lancaster university recently surveyed households in the cities of borba and novo aripuana to find out which animals they hunt and eat from the rainforest .
leicester have announced a move for super rugby lock mike fitzgerald .  the 28 - year - old has helped the chiefs win two super rugby titles .  the new zealander will follow peter betham to welford road next season .
the 44 - year - old academy award winner was at barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children ' s book ' randi rhodes ninja detective  the sweetest heist in history ' .  before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line , demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust .
kim rose , 57 , is standing in a key marginal seat in southampton itchen .  alleged to have bribed voters by putting on a spread at a party event .  but he was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of ' treating ' .  he has now criticised the ' absolutely ridiculous ' police investigation .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored 100 goals for paris saint - germain on wednesday .  the 33 - year - old has played in just 124 games so far this season .  ibrahimovic has never played in the premier league so far .
sue townsend achieved huge success with the secret diary of adrian mole .  the book was followed by seven sequels , selling in total more than eight million copies .  ms townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust , with her second husband colin broadway and her four children named as beneficiaries .
grant shapps accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past . wikipedia account using alias ' contribsx ' edited a number of pages .  mr shapps denied the claims , describing them as an ' extreme dirty tricks campaign ' .
chelsy davy , 29 , stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for launch party .  the zimbabwean wore a white layered chiffon top and flattering navy trousers .  the blonde was seen laughing and joking with friend irene forte .  the party was to celebrate the opening of the ivy chelsea garden .  davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller charles goode .
justin rose finished joint second in the masters at augusta national earlier this month .  the former us open champion has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at tpc louisiana .  steve stricker will also play in the zurich classic of new orleans .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao ' s weigh - in have sold out within minutes of going on sale on friday evening .  tickets for the pair ' s face - off on may 1 , 24 hours before their mega - fight in las vegas , went on sale from the mgm property box offices on friday at 3pm .  one lucky english fan managed to snare a ticket for $ 7 , 924 ( 5 , 265 ) and tweeted his booking confirmation .
the loose women panellist said that ' unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ' facilitated ' .  critics and the public have spoken out about jamelia ' s comments on twitter .  she said that she was ' hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers .
the boeing 777 - 300er first diverted to mumbai to refuel about eight hours into its flight from southern china to addis ababa .  it made an emergency landing in mumbai due to engine trouble .  passengers were forced to disembark and enter the airport terminal .
# skyhighselfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline ' s dreamliner 787 routes .  mood lighting is available in all classes aboard virgin atlantic ' s 787s , helping passengers adjust to time zones .  the first selfie spot will go live on birthday girl , the first of its 787 aircraft to be purchased .
mary doyle keefe , who inspired millions , passed away on tuesday after a brief illness .  she became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for the normal rockwell rosie the riveter .  rockwell wanted ' rosie ' to show strength , so he used artistic licence to make her arms , hands and shoulders bigger .
siti zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death .  indonesian president joko widodo had had previously written to the saudi king asking for the victim ' s family to forgive her .
smita srivastava , of allahabad , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india .  her hair now stands at 7ft ( 2 . 1m )  more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player .  the 37 - year - old indian rapunzel does not intend to rest on her laurels .
real madrid beat celta vigo 4 - 2 in their la liga clash .  javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts .  lionel messi scored once every 81 minutes to keep real in the title race .
aydian ethan dowling has around 40 , 000 votes to win the annual ultimate guy search .  he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year .  the competition aims to find a man ' who possesses all of the qualities that make up today ' s well - rounded , active , health - conscious and thoughtful guy ' .
the four - bedroom property in central london ' s farm street is on the market for 25million .  originally used as a milking parlour , it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th century .  in 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place .
per mertesacker limped off in arsenal ' s fa cup semi - final win over reading .  scans showed the 6ft 6in german had just a minor ankle sprain .  he is expected to be replaced at centre - half by gabriel paulista .
shane o ' byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby out for the first time in march 2013 .  in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver ' s seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty .
sheffield wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season .  tom lees and keiren westwood are among the contenders for the club ' s player of the year award .
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected .  scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b / phuket .  the decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu - related deaths in the northern hemisphere .  high - risk groups will be able to access free , government - funded flu shots from april 20 .
bodies of young army recruits of camp speicher thought to be final resting place of as many as 1 , 700 soldiers killed in cold blood by isis last summer .  ' dozens ' of id cards belonging to the army cadets were found at the late dictator ' s presidential compound last wednesday .  those who began digging up the corpses today described the scene as ' heartbreaking ' .
images were captured by the dawn probe from 28 , 000 miles ( 45 , 000km ) away .  show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties .  the latest images are the closest taken yet , and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active .
leaked sony email mocks bruce jenner ' s gender transition in a leaked email .  the two are discussing his upcoming film aloha , which stars emma stone and rachel mcadams .  jenner is now fan of crowe ' s upcoming film , aloh .  she said of the movie : ' i ' m never starting a movie again when the script is ridiculous .  i don ' t care how much i love the director and the actors .  it never works ' .
nicky morgan has ordered officials to start ' mapping pressures ' on state schools . comes less than six months after she told the head of ofsted it was not ' helpful ' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an ' influx ' of migrants .  immigration has played a low - key role in the tory election campaign to date .
mauricio pochettino has been impressed by michel vorm ' s mentality .  vorm played in all of the capital one cup games for tottenham except the final .  tottenham travel to burnley in the premier league on sunday .
atletico madrid play real madrid in the first leg of the champions league quarter - final at the bernabeu .  all is left to play for in the second leg at the vicente calderon .  the two giants played out a goalless draw at the calderon .
justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois .  officer tramond peet , 18 , was trying to sell him the gun to him .  but howell tried to snatch it without paying , according to police .
cara lee - fanus was rushed to st peter ' s hospital in chertsey , surrey , but died from a head injury the next day despite the best effort of medical teams . doctors discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on her head .  her mother , heathrow airport worker kirsty lee , 25 , appeared at guildford magistrates ' court today alongside her then boyfriend alistair wayne bowen , 35 .
ron vlaar returns from injury to help aston villa in their battle against relegation .  the dutch centre - back starred in holland ' s run to the world cup semi - finals in brazil last year .  tim sherwood has urged his captain to prove himself again .
brett robinson , 32 , is facing 12 charges after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .  the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry , 39 , who was sentenced to over four years prison for having having sex with a 25 - year - old gang member and convicted rapist . robinson is hoping to use an insanity defense , claiming she was ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' and suffers from mental illness .
the big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle a hippo calf .  accompanied by a hunting partner , the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power .
alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ' jackie ' , spoke out after he was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out .  rolling stone ' s reporting was torn apart by professors who pointed out ' basic , even routine ' failures in how the story was prepared .
colonel muammar gaddafi ' s homes and residences in tripoli have been reduced to rubble - and even used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs .  the once feared bab al - aziziya compound , situated in the capital city of tripoli , resembles a wasteland .  gaddafi ruled for almost 42 years , after he took control in a coup d ' etat in 1969 .  the palace of a gold - coloured fist clenching a us fighter plane was vandalised and sent off to misrata .
hiv specialists and network security experts at university college london made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads .  they say the spread of hiv through the body was similar to how some computer worms spread through both the internet and local networks respectively .  as hiv progresses , it reduces the number of active t - cells in the body until the immune system cannot function correctly , a state known as ' acquired immune deficiency syndrome ' or aids .
likelihood of another coalition lasting five years has been dismissed as miniscule .  ' unstable and unstable ' left - wing alliance likely to be in power even if conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote , he said .  oxford academic paul white said there was a high chance labour would form either a minority government or coalition with the help of the snp , liberal democrats , greens or other minor parties .
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during break - in at volksbank in berlin .  gang , who fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than 8 . 3m , have never been found .  now appears that the berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the easter weekend raid in london .
liverpool lost 2 - 1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley .  steven gerrard started the game in an advanced role behind raheem sterling and philippe coutinho in a 3 - 4 - 2 - 2 formation .  gerrard was handed a starting role by manager brendan rodgers .
clayton donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season as birmingham beat reading 1 - 0 .  clayton were involved in a dramatic 2 - 1 defeat against arsenal in the last four of the fa cup at wembley on saturday .  the result leaves reading only two wins in 13 league games behind them .
ben stokes overstepped the line when he thought he had claimed england ' s fifth wicket of the day in antigua .  the durham all - rounder was denied the wicket of jermaine blackwood after overstepping the crease .  michael vaughan thinks the 23 - year - old should return to his natural style of bowling .
emma jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul - de - sac in hull just over a year ago .  her neighbour mark ray , 56 , waged a year - long campaign of terror against her .  ms jackson was met with a barrage of abuse that resulted a year later .
deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog behind her car as she drove along the b1066 near long melford , essex .  the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as a deep wound on his elbow .  fuller has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated .
martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher wanted to ' purge ' her previous relationships .  the 23 - year - old also tried to castrate a man ' s genitals while in his car in may 2014 .  the couple was detained on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex - boyfriend pietro barbini .
silvia , from new york , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non - food substances .  she is seen picking up rocks from out side of her house , saying : ' i feel really upset and guilty , i have to do it ' .
charley hull has the same mentality and ' wow factor ' as world no 1 rory mcilroy .  the 19 - year - old is the best teenage golfer in britain .  hull hit a driver off every tee , which is the way she likes to do things in practice .
this video captures the moment her boyfriend got down on one knee .  he proposes to his girlfriend inside a mcdonald ' s restaurant in hong kong .  the couple then engage in a passionate embrace by the food counter .
the reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up .  surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable .  countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results on twitter and instagram .
jay z launched a string of ' stream of consciousness ' tweets on sunday defending his premium music streaming app tidal .  the rapper and businessman insisted that there are ' many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign ' .  tidal has potential rivals including spotify and apple , though jay z did not post any details about the alleged campaign .  ' we may not be perfect - but we are determined , ' he said .
richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife and family .  the legendary commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday .  prime minister tony abbott offered his family a state funeral , calling benaud ' s death the ' greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman ' .
ap mccoy finished fifth on shutthefrontdoordoor in the grand national .  he will retire next week but had been hoping for a final national success .  mccoy will be presented with the trophy for his 20 championship championship .
deaths in britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades , report says .  think tank ilc - uk predicted that numbers of deaths in uk , which have been falling for 40 years , will go up by 20 % .  at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation and rising undertakers ' bills .
west ham have announced a new five - year deal with umbro .  the hammers join fellow premier league sides everton and hull in partnering with the former england kit makers .  umbro produced the first - ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s .
jnco , the brand responsible for the huge wideleg ' rave ' jeans , is set to make a comeback .  the bucket hat is popular by its wide , downwards brim and limp structure .  jourdan dunn , 24 , was spotted in july 2014 wearing a floppy bucket hat .
indianara carvalho , 23 , had hymen surgery last year to ' restore ' her virginity .  image attracted 750 ' likes ' , as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers .  miss bumbum model shot to fame last year after winning the 2014 contest . christianity is the dominant religion in brazil , with roman catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and protestants making up 22 per cent .
down under is a big part of the international cycling season .  it contributes more to the south australian economy than the f1 grand prix .  adelaide is a much softer city than sydney .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee .
the yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world .  it is situated in yellowstone national park - which spans the midwestern us states of wyoming , idaho and montana - and last erupted 640 , 000 years ago .  experts say there is a one in 700 , 000 annual chance of a volcanic eruption at the site .
koby hodder ' s heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed .  he was playing british bulldog  a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ' bulldogs ' .  the 10 - year - old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer fabrice muamba , a former bolton wanderers player who collapsed during the first half of bolton ' s fa cup quarter - final against tottenham in 2012 .
the 13th century castle in the dordogne , france , has just been placed on the market for 703 , 400 .  the 14 - bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land .  the castle is in gignic , and near the town of brives la gaillarde , only a short journey from the bergerac wine producing region .
rev .  robert h . schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , california .  in 2013 , he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment .  once a charismatic and well - known presence on the televangelist , he faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse .
southampton host tottenham in the premier league on saturday .  mauricio pochettino ' s side are the only current premier league side southampton have failed to beat since their premier league return in 2012 .
matthew kenney , 34 , told police he smoked flakka before he streaked though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers .  kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct , making a riot and possession of a controlled substance .  after he was arrested , kenney told police that he would ' rather die than be caught by these unknown people ' .
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics within 24 hours .  the event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the movie world australia theme park .  it ended in style in los angeles , california , at the hollywood & highland center .  venues in 15 cities , including los angeles and queensland , participated in the event .
lyon returned to the top of the ligue 1 table after a 2 - 2 draw with saint - etienne at the stade de gerland .  clinton n ' jie gave his side the lead against 10 - man lyon through romain hamouma and max gradel converted from the spot to level matters .  lille kept themselves within sight of fourth place after beating bordeaux 2 - 0 at stade de la mosson .
paris saint - germain have opened primary discussions with paul pogba .  the italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the france international .  barcelona have also shown an intention to bid for the striker .  sevilla are weighing up a return for manchester city winger jesus navas .
helal abbas , 55 , lost his bid to become mayor of tower hamlets .  the race was won by lutfur rahman , 50 , a controversial figure .  he has been accused in a separate high court case of rigging his re - election victory last year .
vincent kompany was the subject of an inquiry from sir alex ferguson .  the belgian international broke into anderlecht ' s first team at a young age .  the 17 - year - old says his mum insisted he finishes school before to england .
novak djokovic is being tipped to end rafa nadal ' s stranglehold at roland garros .  the spaniard is looking to win a sixth consecutive french open , and a tenth in total .  nadal says this year will be no different to 2013 , 2012 or even 2011 .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1 - 0 in la liga on sunday evening .  fabian orellana remonstrated angrily with the match officials before throwing a lump of grass in the direction of jeremy busquets .  referee inaki vicandi garrido decided the incident was enough to warrant and straight red card .
aroostook county sheriff ' s office responded to a home in perham on sunday and found ashley doody , 30 , acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior .  they discovered that doody had attacked her mixed - breed dog , trixie , believing the dog was ' demon possessed ' .  she has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before aroostock county superior court on may 19 .
jj watt , 6 - foot - 5 and 290lbs , performed an incredible 61 - inch box jump .  the houston texans defensive end released the video on monday .  the clip appears to be a stunt for reebok , which announced on monday that they had signed the nfl star to a shoe endorsement deal .  watt will be the face of the company ' s ' be more human ' ad campaign .
polish father wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter .  all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland and has a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm .  he may or may not have come from denmark within the past few days .
miranda ashley calvin , 19 , of gresham , oregon , was arrested on sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene .  when police arrived at the scene at about 8 . 30pm on saturday night , she was found dead .  calvin was arrested and booked into multnomah county detention center on manslaughter , felony hit - and - run and reckless driving .
james oliver , 48 , was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier , 53 .  police report that they found oliver in the driveway of a home in noblesboro , maine , on saturday night .  oliver was arrested on his release from hospital and charged with attempted gross sexual assault , unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act for not updating his address .
the group , lpac , launched on monday to support the former first lady ' s bid to become the nation ' s first female president .  clinton , who was outed as a lesbian in 1981 , was a leader of the group ' s ' women for hillary ' in 2008 , as well .  king said : ' i am honored to join lpac and help lead our effort to elect hillary clinton in 2016 ' .
elliot daly has been named the aviva premiership ' s player of the month for march .  the 22 - year - old scored two tries against saracens at the ricoh arena .  daly looks certain to be included in stuart lancaster ' s world cup training squad .
david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance .  the 57 - year - old was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue .  she died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival .  north east ambulance service admitted delay was initially due to call - handler error .
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , go by the brangelina - like portmanteau jarlos , and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city ' s party scene .
iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 .  there are certain locations that consistently rank a cut above .  thingvellir national park provided the location for the north of westeros in game of thrones .  fans will likely recognise the national park as the setting of the battle of the hound and brienne .  clint eastwood scouted europe  s most powerful waterfall , the dettifoss , for the opening scenes depicting the beginning of time in prometheus .
a two - metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python .  the reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people ' s pet cats and dogs .  snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the boa has inclusion body disease ' it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' .
emily grimson , 25 , from shropshire , is one of britain ' s most successful models .  she moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
churchill downs , which hosts the annual kentucky derby on may 1st and 2nd , has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees .  prominent museums including the smithsonian and the national gallery of art in washington prohibit their use .  some english premier league soccer teams make the devices off - limits , and the australian open tennis tournament discourages fans from using them court - side .
lianna barrientos , 39 , of the bronx , is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her ' services ' .  one of the men was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the u . s . in 2006 , it has been revealed .  her eighth husband , rashid rajput , was deported to pakistan following an investigation by the joint terrorism task force .
yougov poll of more than 2 , 000 britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week .  those aged 55 and over typically drink 21 cups a week compared with 18 to 24 - year - olds .  youngsters are more likely to turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell .
brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent .  the protect , inform and prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given , in law .  four current and former brighton players were found not guilty of sexual assault charges in 2013 .
eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the historic event .  but behind the scenes , prime minister harold wilson was convinced terrorists would target charles at the caernarfon castle ceremony .  targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups movement for the defence of wales ( mac ) and the free wales army .
a 20 - year - old man has been charged with a medley of offences .  he flipped the vehicle on saturday night in yatala , on the gold coast . one passenger was hospitalised with a broken neck , along with the driver , 20 , and another 17 .  police can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid .
sharky jama ' s father , dada jama , confirmed his death to sbs radio .  the model - turned - jihadist was fighting with islamic state on the front lines last year .  his cousins have taken to facebook to pay tribute to their much - loved family .  the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky ' s death as its capacity to do so was ' extremely limited ' .
jonathan stevenson was just 16 when he asked for benaud ' s advice on left - handed leg spin .  he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the ' great man ' .  benaud was the first player to score 2 , 000 test runs and take 200 test runs .
the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , but was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how such a product would prove popular .  but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices , some industry experts have predicted that the ipad  s days are numbered .  within the first 24 hours of apple ' s launch the company sold 300 , 000 units , and to nine incarnations of the ipad have gone on sale .
adele sarno , 85 , has been living in her two - bedroom apartment for more than 50 years .  she received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $ 3 , 500 a month , far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford .  her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian - americans and is situated below her home .
photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , and parts of boxes , that have been recovered from aircraft accidents .  the boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane ' s crash .  after disaster strikes , there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box - as seen in recent tragedies such as germanwings flight 4u 9525 .
matt taylor could make his return from a seven - and - a - half month achilles injury lay - off against arsenal on saturday .  ross wallace and kevin long remain on the long - term absentee list . jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby are all back in contention .  laurent koscielny and wojciech szczesny face fitness tests .
ba van nguyen was able to fly a ch - 47 chinook , the largest helicopter in the south vietnamese army , to save his family during the fall of saigon on april 30 , 1975 .
the 250 - piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning .  lilly leas , the granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral - printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm .  her daughter liza , 58 , wanted a beach chair - but missed out .
the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other .  the show is named after the 1955 broadway show that was later developed into the film starring marilyn monroe and tom ewell .
cesc fabregas was booed by arsenal fans upon his return to the emirates .  the chelsea midfielder was given an applause by the same set of fans .  arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
the note was left in the window of an undisclosed chippy in london .  the owner of the chip shop laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family .
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city , but the club are set to make him available this summer .  the ivorian has played a major role in city ' s recent trophy - laden period .  inter milan , managed by roberto mancini , are interested in the 31 - year - old .  toure has more than two years left on his current 220 , 000 - a - week deal .
lisa skinner , 52 , shot male home invader bradley skinner , 59 .  mr skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife .  police said mr skinner broke into her house in south huntsville , alabama .  he had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation next month .  meanwhile , a woman , thought to be mrs skinner , is handcuffed on the ground .
roy keane is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in altrincham , on january 30 .  the former manchester united captain will stand trial in june .  keane will now stand trial at manchester magistrates ' court on june 19 .
aluel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children ' s about 5 . 15pm on friday .  she greeted her distraught mother , akon goode , with a ' big hug ' .  ms guode visited her daughter for the first time but did not stay the night in the hospital .  five - year - old awel remains in a serious condition but she remembers the accident .
six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years for sexual activity with a child .  they lured victims to parties organised by ahmed hassan - sule , 21 , known as ' fiddy ' .  one child described the parties as ' a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets ' .
paul converted to christianity after experiencing bright light and a divine voice .  he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in 2013 .
kareem abdul - jabbar had quadruple coronary bypass surgery at ucla medical center on thursday , april 16 .  the successful surgery was performed by the hospital ' s cardiac surgery chief , dr richard shemin .  the 19 - time all star and six - time mvp starred in game of death with bruce lee .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail .  she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .  one of the notes read : ' i am not racist ' .  another said : ' apes were never meant to drive so stop ' .
burger king ' s new concept is called ' good evenings ' and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only ( for now ) at its branch on the strand in london .  pret a manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit - down dinners with wine .  chef nick sandler said : ' we  ve got plenty of time to order , sit down and have their meal ' .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick .  video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws .
8 , 000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer .  noreen spendlove was assured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal .  but her daughter , a radiographer , insisted she see a gp .  this revealed three lumps on her left breast , which were all tumours .  mps are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit .
dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed dharahara tower in kathmandu .  it is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake - hit city , but it was believed to have been filled with tourists .  one rescuer said : ' this is earthquake tourism .  this is not right ' .
raymond van barneveld beat michael van gerwen 7 - 3 in the ' battle of holland ' .  phil taylor ended his losing run after beating dave chisnall .  adrian lewis won his third match on the bounce , beating bunting 7 - 2 .
gwyneth paltrow , 42 , and chris martin , 38 , have finalized their divorce .  sources tell the site the divorce was amicable .  they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody .  insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10 - year - old apple and moses .
jack andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in maryland with his elder brother , luke , and steve , a nurse , and a civil engineer .  at school , jack won prizes for science projects , but was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay , aged 13 .
levar jones , 36 , has no criminal record and was on his way home from work at a subway cafe in columbia , south carolina .  he was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver ' s license and was hit in the stomach .  sean groubert , 31 , has been sacked and charged with felony assault .
javier hernandez scored twice in real madrid ' s 4 - 2 win over celta vigo .  the striker has now scored a goal every 83 minutes .  carlo ancelotti says hernandez is undroppable on current form .
james gregoire , 21 , was killed following a late - night brawl in clacton , essex .  he was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11 . 40am last night .  a second man was seriously injured in the brawl although his injures are not described as life threatening .
harry kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season .  eden hazard is the odds - on favourite to be named pfa players ' player of the year .  hazard has been a menace to opponents all season with his trickery and high workrate .
paula dunican spent 25 on the coat at her local branch in canterbury .  she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' from the its lining .  inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  asda apologised and offered her a refund and 40 voucher .
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday .  the 56 - year - old , who works in the college of applied engineering , can be heard shouting : ' what kind of moron are you ? ' .  adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene .  he will appear in court april 21 and plans to plead guilty .
stuart mccall insists he is taking life at ibrox in his stride .  the former motherwell boss was forced to make do with kenny mcdowall .  the 50 - year - old led his side to three successive wins against hearts and hibs .  rangers host raith rovers in the premier league on sunday .  click here for all the latest rangers news .
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday .  if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients .
study of 1 , 302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day , which almost doubled to 3 . 9 hours when they retired .  but they are still lagging behind their stay - at - home partners when it comes to sharing the burden .
bounkham ' bou ' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident .  his family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million .  while the settlement isn ' t enough to cover the continued medical care bou will require as he gets older .
jose mourinho has been trialling a formation with ramires and nemanja matic .  brazilian midfielder oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of chelsea ' s last 11 games .  chelsea are four points clear of arsenal with two games in hand .
gary bowyer believes blackburn should brace themselves for interest in their players from top - flight clubs following their run to the fa cup quarter - finals .  the championship side were eliminated from the competition on wednesday night by liverpool who booked a semi - final date at wembley .
chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example .  people tend not to like inconvenient truths about why there are so few black managers in the english game .  if ramsey is sacked , people will say it was about results , not race .
the queen , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park .  joined by a groom on another of her fell pony , carltonlima emma .  eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves .
poppy smart , 23 , was wolf - whistled at by builders on her walk to work .  but as the whistles turned into a daily ritual , she began to get upset .  after a month of unwanted attention from the men , she called the police .  she compared the wolf - whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk an ' awful experience ' .
crystal o ' connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding .  she then responded to the now staggering $ 850 , 000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying ; ' god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him ' .  the news comes a week after indiana passed the religious freedom restoration act , which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays .
jodie barden , 28 , has been forced to plan her daughters ' funerals .  ella , eight , and chloe , one , have a life expectancy of just 12 .  they have rare genetic disorder cockayne syndrome which causes premature ageing .  mrs barden said : ' there ' s no cure for what they have ' .
fossils of a creature bearing a ' striking ' similarity to depictions of nessie have been found in a 19th century collection .  they were discovered when the president of the official loch ness fan club , gary miller , was invited to the museum and spotted them .  the name ' pterichthyodes ' refers to the creatures ' odd wing - like appendages coming from the ancient greek for ' wing - fish ' .
jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren at the end of the season .  lewis hamilton has out - qualified and finished ahead of nico rosberg at every race this season .  bernie ecclestone was in the bahrain paddock this weekend .
andy murray faces novak djokovic in the miami open final .  the world no 4 beat tomas berdych 6 - 4 , 6 - 3 in an hour and 42 minutes .  it will be murray ' s first masters level final since he won the wimbledon title .
dave tyler , 72 , built and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system .  the 72 - year - old first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the bbc ' s sky at night in 1957 .  he said : ' the sun is awesome and many people do not even realise it is a star .  through my scopes it is an amazing sight ' .
kate temple was called a ' homewrecker ' by victim shelley williams . the 33 - year - old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar where she was refused .  temple was jailed for 20 months after admitting inflicting grievous bodily harm .
nigel pearson has turned to howard wilkinson to help leicester ' s survival bid .  the foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games .  they will escape the drop zone for the first time since november .
in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014 , the area around azle , texas , shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes .  now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high - pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground .  oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater , which can have chemicals , heavy metals , salt and radioactive material .
the ohio - based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014 - 15 academic year .  about one - third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media , email or other online means .  law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit .
latvia - based drive eo has created a one megawatt electric race car .  it runs on 50 kwh lithium - ion battery pack that drives six yasa - 400 electric motors .  it is capable of producing 1020 kw ( 1368 horsepower ) , compared to the top speed of 155 mph ( 249 km ) the race is the second oldest motor racing event in the us and runs on a challenging 12 . 42 mile ( 20km ) course with 156 turns in colorado springs .
the 12 - year - old fell from the fourth floor of a building in nanchang , china .  his father said the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking .  doctors said that the boy did not have life - threatening injuries .
jonathan brownlee won the gold coast itu race in auckland on saturday .  the 24 - year - old has won consecutive races in the itu series .  brownlee broke clear of mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1 : 46 : 53 .  gwen jorgensen racked up an eighth series victory in a row , leading a clean sweep of americans on the podium .
lilly pulitzer ' s lower - priced collection for target sold out almost immediately online and in stores .  the 250 - piece collaboration - which included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at target ' s price point - attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers .  some re - sellers started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price , including a $ 9 . 99 makeup bag that sold for $ 19 . 99 and a $ 34 maxi dress for $ 202 . 50 .
comres survey of 4 , 000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the prime minister  s performance than that of ed miliband during the election campaign .  separate poll of marginal seats by former tory treasurer lord ashcroft suggests ukip  s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches .  snp leader nicola sturgeon has impressed 21 per cent of voters on the back of her strong performance in last week  s debate .
research on infants ' brains by doctors from oxford university found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults .  it overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults .  new findings suggest it is possible to see pain  happening  inside the infant brain - and it looks a lot like pain in adults .
antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season as atletico madrid beat cordoba 2 - 0 at cordoba ' s el arcangel stadium in balmy andalucia .  valencia have 60 points in fourth and can reclaim third spot with win at home to villarreal on sunday .  real madrid , who have lost three of their last four games in all competitions , host sevilla and barca play at celta vigo .
tracey woodford , 47 , was last seen by her family at 12 . 45pm on april 21 in rhydyfelin , wales .  her body was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the property .  a man named locally as christopher may , 50 , has been arrested .
john goodwin , 75 , of atkinson , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault .  prosecutors said that atkinson , who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 years old .  goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life - threatening injuries from the self - inflicted gunshot wound .
indonesian attorney - general h . m . prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .  he said that ' all the shots were done perfectly ' at the execution .  he dismissed australia ' s withdrawal of its ambassador as a ' momentary reaction ' .
shigella infections , otherwise known as ' delhi belly ' or ' montezuma ' s revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic , india or other countries .  the symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea .  the centers for disease control and prevention released the report thursday .  the superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and puerto rico . sometimes antibiotics are prescribed , especially for more serious cases .
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue .  it then bounces off one side of the red - clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes .  in less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close .
an elderly man has been bitten by a crocodile at the palmer sea reef golf course at port douglas in far north queensland .  the 75 - year - old believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball near the 11th hole .  the victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf .  palmer united party leader clive palmer gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on monday .  jason puncheon scored a stunning free - kick to secure a 2 - 0 lead .  manuel pellegrini ' s side had also failed to score in their last three league games .
researchers behind the gallup - healthways well - being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low .  when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were un .  but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11 . 9per cent .
brendan rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players ' own failings .  liverpool ' s 3 - 4 - 2 - 1 formation helped produce a 13 - match unbeaten barclays premier league run which lifted them to within a win of breaking back into the champions league qualification places .  but rodgers insists a drop - off in results is more to do with their own performances than those of their opponents .  the merseysiders host liverpool in their fa cup quarter - final replay on wednesday .
social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures .  from a boat parked between two cars by someone who ' knew what was coming ' .  a pair of tradies took advantage of a wet work site to play in the mud .
greg gibbins , 28 , went into cardiac arrest after being stabbed with a knife .  the 28 - year - old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he died .  the wyong roos rugby league club player was found with serious stab wounds .  family and friends have taken to social media to pay tribute to the man .
the 42 - year - old mother - of - two has vowed to live off $ 29 worth of food for a week .
oscar hubinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia .  lava from the 12 , 000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him .  after lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in november 2012 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
michael keith spell , 25 , of parachute , colorado , was sentenced to 100 years in prison for the 2012 murder of sherry arnold , 43 .  arnold ' s body was found in a shallow grave in a rural area near williston , north dakota .  co - defendant lester van waters jr . was sentenced in december to 80 years on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability .
the incident occurred over the arabian sea in mumbai airspace .  dubai - based emirates referred to the apparent near - miss as an ' air traffic control incident ' in a statement on wednesday .  etihad have maintained that the safety of its passengers was never compromised .
cristiano ronaldo scored his first free - kick in 57 attempts to send real madrid into a 1 - 0 victory over eibar .  it was his 38th league goal of the season as real continue their pursuit of leaders barcelona .  ronaldo had not scored a la liga free kick in over a year .
anti - islam protests in australia against sharia law and halal tax turned violent during protests in melbourne yesterday .  across australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowd .  the protests came as the pauline hanson , leader of one nation , defended the protests and said imposing halal certification on australians was wrong .  the halal sector could be worth $ 1 . 5 trillion worldwide by 2050 .
rory mcilroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at augusta national .  the world no 1 was one over par after 11 holes before recording a one - under - par 71 .  the 25 - year - old is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles .
the 26 - year - old bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots .  max factor is widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 .
diane mclean , 58 , and her three children rose , 8 , and twins james and annabelle , 5 , lost everything except the clothes on their backs in the east village apartment explosion last week .  a gofundme campaign has raised more than $ 87 , 000 for the family .  two people died in the explosion , moises ismael locon yac , 26 , and 23 - year - old nicholas figueroa .
pritesh , 36 and mansi gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago .  mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 .  but khushi was so premature he died after a six - month fight for life .  his sister hiral shah , 32 , stepped in and offered to carry the couple ' s baby .  after ivf treatment , gave birth to krish three weeks ago after a 20 - minute labour .
wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium has been declared a 33 , 000 sell - out .  the top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 .  belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games .
an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags into the correct queues .  a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track .  it is not known where this video was taken , although it is believed to be an international airport .
david beckham , wife victoria and sons brooklyn and cruz attended the london mini - marathon .  romeo , 12 , wore race number 1081 and represented the kensington and chelsea region .  it is the same three mile course where mo farah and jonny brownlee kick started their careers .
lewis moody tweeted before the plane took off from svalbard to ice camp barneo .  the former england rugby captain is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise 250 , 000 for charity .  the team will battle extreme temperatures of between - 25c and - 50c as well as dragging 60kg sledges .  moody is part of a team of nine sportsmen and royal marines attempting a ten - day expedition to the highest point on earth .
the mother - of - four had her first experience of depression as a child .  things were so difficult she planned to crash her car into a brick wall .  the 57 - year - old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after divorce .
arshdeep kaur and her mother shinder were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india to visit relatives when a group of half a dozen men began harassing them .  the men made several attempts to ' molest ' them , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault .  mrs kaur ran through the bus to tell the driver to stop the bus , but he started driving faster .
blackburn boss gary bowyer was in ' shock ' as he watched simon eastwood ' s last - gasp late equaliser against liverpool .  eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra - time .  jordan henderson believes liverpool ' s 1 - 0 fa cup quarter - final victory will help get things back on track .
liverpool lost 1 - 0 to man united at anfield in their premier league clash .  joe allen believes liverpool have performed well against the big teams . the midfielder has been given an opportunity to prove his worth .
riff lets you film videos and upload them to facebook and the app .  it was created by london - based developers through facebook ' s creative labs .  it is available for free on ios and android .
george and amal clooney have submitted plans to improve their 10million berkshire mansion .  the couple ' s 10m grade - ii listed berkshire abode will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool .  industry experts say a cinema room is now an ' expected ' luxury in properties worth over 10 million .
obama unveiled executive order to allow u . s . treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on ' critical ' american computer networks .  announcement followed a series of high profile incidents , including a devastating attack against sony pictures and data breaches that stole credit card or health data on tens of millions of americans .  obama said cyber attacks ' pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the united states ' .
eva kor , 81 , is accused of complicity to murder 300 , 000 people .  he was accused of being part of oskar groening ' s experiments .  groe .  , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other nazi trials .
greg scott , 51 , a basketball coach at cass high school in georgia , was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia a day before his death .  he had taught special education and social studies for the past eight years and was the school ' s head basketball coach .
according to a new study , 54 per cent of single women say they haven ' t met ' the one ' yet and 64 per cent think ' all the good ones are taken ' .  more than half of the population claim they hate having too much time to themselves .  the best perk is to be able to go home and go straight to bed without being bothered .
shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench .  in a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day .  his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket .
italian glamour : the essence of italian fashion captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images .  co - author enrico quinto and paolo tinarelli were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in italy .
captain patrick sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to stop pilot .  he spent up to five minutes attempting to smash down door to cockpit .  co - pilot andreas lubitz , 27 , ignored desperate pleas from colleague to let him back in .  he then tried to save lives of 144 passengers and five crew on board .
author peter schweizer claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial clinton foundation and rewards emerging for donors .  the claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009 - 13 , are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins .  clinton cash lists examples of the pattern including a free trade agreement in colombia that benefited a donor with industrial interests there .
the chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank in 1912 .  it was found bobbing on the surface of the atlantic by the crew of the mackay - bennett who were sent to recover the bodies of the victims . the anonymous owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item .  it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector .
ilkay gundogan expects to complete a 15million move to manchester united .  germany centre mats hummels has indicated he ' s finally ready to become a united player .  dortmund boss louis van gaal is pressing ahead with plans for more big name signings this summer .
a third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep , while ten per cent opt for pop tunes .  eurythmics ' there must be an angel came second on the top ten , followed by vanilla ice ' s ice ice baby .  more current hits from pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut .
fernando torres spent three - and - half seasons at liverpool and ac milan .  the 31 - year - old striker has scored four goals since leaving the club in 2011 .  torres ' new side travel to real madrid for the champions league semi - final .
a national counterterrorism center advisory group , ordered by the white house , is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in us hostage policy .  the family of a us contractor held by al - qaeda militants , warren weinstein , confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release , which was reported in the amount of $ 250 , 000 .
typhoon maysak was initially a top - rated category 5 typhoon , but troops in the philippines to be put on alert today .  residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours .
james paul harris , 30 , pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter in the 2011 garroting death of 49 - year - old james gerety .  the victim ' s brother said the justice system is ' a joke ' and that the light sentence sends the wrong message .  a former girlfriend testified a year ago that harris told her he shot him in the stomach , tortured him for two days , then cut off his head .
pat ingles , 69 , from edinburgh , lost her husband to prostate cancer 12 years ago .  the grandmother - of - three enjoys pole dancing with friend julia , 67 .  in comparison , she prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking .  ' i really enjoy myself , i party hard , ' she said on channel 5 show oaps .
rodney stover , 48 , a convicted sex offender lived in bellevue men ' s shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles , rapists , and other sex - offenders .  the dilapidated shelter is just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning - disabled children that has tuition of $ 27 , 000 per year .
experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems . 45 per cent of under - 30s surveyed said they had a painful back or neck  up from 28 per cent last year .  across all age groups , 86 per cent said they are in pain on a daily basis .
fiona steane , 50 , wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 .  she ' s had it long ever since then and gets it trimmed twice a year .  recently , twiggy stood up for older women with long locks .  here , some of britain  s real - life rapunzels show off their locks .
jordan spieth won the 2015 masters at augusta on sunday .  the 21 - year - old held a four - shot lead heading into the final day of action .  he is the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters .
ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto .  it includes photographs of the party ' s top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid .  mr farage said the only was wrong , with the picture of immigration spokesman steven woolfe ignored .
lib dem leader hopes to make a return to the commons as mp for gordon .  urged rivals to help stop alex salmond from ' strutting his stuff ' in westminster .  he also visited a diving equipment manufacturer in aberdeen .
aidan turner has admitted to using baby oil to show off his smouldering eyes .  the 31 - year - old actor has been ' manscaping ' his chest in favour of a less hirsute look .  fans have taken to twitter to comment on the latest poldark male grooming debate .
michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina .  his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at charleston county jail .  slager ' s mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting .
andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are among the front - runners for the job .  ecb say there will be a proper recruitment procedure .  it is not expected that the new appointment will have to go to every england game .  jonathan trott has overcome situational anxieties following work with psychiatrist steve peters .  chelsea manager jose mourinho has begun fronting a new promotional campaign on behalf of jaguar .
a survey of 12 , 000 appeared to want to work for virgin airlines .  the department of immigration and border protection were also named in the top ten places australians would like to work .  virgin was reportedly handed the accolade for its ' pleasant working atmosphere , a good work - life balance and strong management ' .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr .  the 25 - year - old is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .  the tangerines are preparing for life in league one next season .
judge richard fruin jr . awarded shelly sterling most of the nearly $ 3million she had sought .  stiviano ' s lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when donald sterling was separated from his wife .  shelly sterling has been ordered to pay his wife $ 2 . 6million .  the ruling comes nearly a year after donald sterling ' s recording of donald sterling making racially offensive remarks bounced him from the nba and cost him team ownership .
the illume arclighter creates a  super high - intensity  electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes .  it contains a rechargeable lithium - ion battery so users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again .  inventors , based in edmonton , canada , are raising money to put the lighter into production on kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal .
the 41 - year - old is said to have posted a ' blasphemous ' status on his facebook page .  he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp , but then admitted to posting the status .  the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 , 000 to dh1 million , or both .
david starkey says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not ' assume the status of victim ' .  he also hit out at baroness doreen lawrence , the mother of race murder victim stephen , for following what he claimed was the approach of us civil rights leaders after martin luther king ' s death .
visual health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app called visualize you .  it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight .  users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight .  the app costs 1 . 61 ( $ 2 . 40 ) on android and 1 . 49 ( $ 1 . 99 ) on ios for the full version .
nicola bonn , 34 , from london , started a blog detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl poppy , 14 months , and many of her posts have gone viral .  one of her blog posts , why we need to stop justifying ourselves , went viral - no doubt thanks to her candid account of bringing up a baby for the first time .
diafra sakho is out for the rest of the season with a thigh muscle .  the 25 - year - old is west ham ' s top scorer this season with 12 goals .  sam allardyce ' s current deal expires at the end of the current season .  click here for all the latest west ham united news .
maria sharapova has been confirmed to play for russia in the fed cup semi - finals next week .  the world no 2 rarely plays fed cup , citing a busy schedule .  russia captain anastasia myskina has also picked kuznetsova , anastasia pavlyuchenkova and elena vesnina .
brock guzman , 8 , was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside monday morning .  while inside , suzanne was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by officers , something paul claims . this after suzanne refused to let the officers in , and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home .  this is when police found him in the car roughly two miles away .
local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary review into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month .  they want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds .  60 million of public money has been pledged by boris johnson and george osborne - 30 million each .  the bridge will close for private , corporate events once a month and shut between the hours of midnight and 6 am .
sunderland beat newcastle 1 - 0 in the tyne - wear derby on sunday .  jermain defoe was the first player to take part in sunderland ' s keepy up challenge .  the former tottenham and west ham striker set an impressive score of 76 .
marli van breda , 16 , was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an axe attack in january .  she was released from hospital last month after suffering severe brain damage .  doctors say she may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father , mother and eldest brother .  marli ' s extended family revealed on sunday that she is able to walk and talk - and still has her sense of humour .
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow .  the 92 - year - old ' s family was under the impression she planned to sell the house .  her beloved dog mitzy was taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re - homed .  mrs clothier said : ' my son peter didn ' t think i was going to make it , so he just upped and tried to sell everything .  i can ' t believe he could be so cruel ' .
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket following the sacking of managing director paul downton .  stewart played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey .  the early bookies  favourite for the post is michael vaughan , the former england captain who is close to the incoming ecb chairman colin graves .
lian doyle agreed to hide trainers worn by justin robertson because he had been paid 1 , 500 by the son of the victim ' s ex - lover .  she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison , but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand .
raheem sterling admitted in a bbc interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new 100 , 000 - a - week contract at anfield .  brendan rodgers said sterling was still young and ' sometimes makes mistakes ' .  the 20 - year - old admitted he was ' flattered ' by interest from arsenal .
ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her .  the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland , which weinstein is producing .  weinstein , 63 , was questioned by the nypd this weekend and denied the allegations .
two parrots found in burning home in boise , idaho , after calling for help .  fire crew thought they were chasing human voices when the birds found .  both were pulled from the home and given oxygen masks .  officials have yet to track down the birds ' owners .
just 250 jars are being produced , at 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity .  camilla  s venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey .  sales of high - end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year .
the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco . they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february .  the company was fined $ 60 , 000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff .  there has been a string of controversial incidents in the hospital , including the death of a patient who went into a coma .
dougie fife , alasdair dickinson and ross ford have been recalled .  scotland face london irish in the european challenge cup quarter - final .  edinburgh coach alan solomons has named his strongest xv .
president barack obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u . s . humanitarian aid to iraq , but declined to say whether washington would provide apache helicopters , drones and other arms to baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against isis .  ' i think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission , ' he told a reporter .
theory has surfaced in a letter to the financial times newspaper .  it says external factor like ' electronic hacking ' could have been to blame .  co - pilot andreas lubitz , 28 , locked himself in cockpit and crashed jet .  investigators point to history of mental illness and doctors notes hidden from his employer .
the clip was created by hln ' s the daily share .  it illustrates the prevalence of this ' women ' s tax ' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women .  women make , on average , 78 cents on the dollar to men , the facts prove than gender bias is more than just offensive , it ' s also very expensive .
manuel valls reveals five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france .  sid ahmed ghlam , 24 , was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches .  dna evidence also links him to murder of aurelie chatelain , 33 .  he was caught on sunday after accidently shooting himself in the leg .
wayne rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against chelsea .  michael carrick , daley blind , phil jones and marcos rojo are also out .  louis van gaal must take on his old apprentice jose mourinho .  robin van persie has not yet been passed fit enough to return to first - team action .
the video was taken of a routine skydive in everod , sweden .  it shows the very moment the helmet camera becomes detached .  it spins quickly to the ground for a minute and a half before crashing into a field .  remarkably , the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height .
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has given azerbaijan the all - clear ahead of its debut next season .  the race will be held in the capital of baku , despite the country ' s poor human rights record .  the 84 - year - old maintains f1 has conducted its due diligence on azerbaijan .
qatar won the final round of voting 14 - 8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot .  there were cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by mohammed bin hammam .  former fifa head of security chris eaton has called for any new evidence to be considered by fifa .
buenos aires responded by accusing three british oil firms of working without permission .  it follows a provocative speech by argentinian president cristina fernandez de kirchner , prompting the foreign office to summon her ambassador for a dressing down .  diplomatic row over the fate of the falklands has worsened in recent weeks , after the uk government pledged to invest 180million in the islands  defences over the next ten years .
michael cheika ' s side will face england and wales in crunch pool games at the world cup in september .  england ' s pack demolished australia at scrum - time during last november ' s 26 - 17 victory at twickenham .  cheika has been given licence to pick the wallaby pack .
clare goldwin says she will sometimes fork out for boden ' s clothes for her daughter but not herself as she doesn ' t want to be labelled a ' yummy mummy ' .  boden made a success of its appeal to the ' sloane ' market for many years .  the company has experienced more challenging times .  profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and , while they rose again in 2012 , they remained flat for 2013 .
labour leader said bobby on the beat is ' at risk of disappearing ' .  but rising numbers of serious criminals ' are being let off the hook ' . comes after chaotic launch of plan to abolish non - dom tax status .
christian englander , 30 , threw a banana peel at dave chappelle for the second time in one week .  he was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery on thursday .  on thursday , he struck again at a bar in santa fe , new mexico .
david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage sing pro - austerity boyband .  video is designed to show that the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .  chorus includes the lyrics : ' it ' s sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .  lose your voting inhibitions .  join the one true coalition ' .
the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low - income families .  the project , submitted for planning on wednesday , would span 52 acres and cost around $ 200m .
borussia dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games .  jurgen klopp ' s men face hoffenheim in the dfb pokal on tuesday .  sven bender says his side need to start finding the net as soon as possible .
high - flyer and close ally of nick clegg is on course to lose seat to scottish nationalists .  he would be one of the highest - profile casualties of the snp surge which is set to take the seats of many of scotland 40 labour and 11 lib dem mps on may 7 .  but one plan is to keep the 42 - year - old mp as chief secretary to the treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the house of lords .
holly beard , 24 , and steve hancock , 27 , from adderley green , staffordshire , tipped the scales at over 41st between them .  they set a date for their big day in january last year .  holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat .  before she could tuck in , a member of the public shouted : ' she doesn ' t need a cake - look at the size of her ' .
cournswood house is at the heart of the imitation game about the cracking of germany ' s wartime enigma code .  codebreaker dillwyn knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 .  his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property .
emir spahic could face a lengthy ban after appearing to fight with stewards .  the bayer leverkusen defender was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury .  spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff .  the incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in cologne .
demand for coloured stones overtaken by more than 2 , 000 per cent over last ten years .  value of the jewels has been vastly reduced by more fashionable stones .  beyonce , naomi watts , rosamund pike and mila kunis have also played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet .
arsenal have confirmed they will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season .  tottenham are one of several premier league sides who will be travelling overseas after the season is done .  louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the us this summer .
waheed ahmed , 21 , held at birmingham airport in early hours of this morning .  he was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to uk on plane .  ahmed and eight relatives were stopped on turkish border with syria on april 1 .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are appealing to indonesia ' s constitutional court .  the pair lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court , which upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on monday .  attorney - general hm prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he won ' t recognise it .
raheem sterling says he has not been affected by the criticism of his contract stand - off with liverpool .  the england international has been abused over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth 90 , 000 - per - week .  the 20 - year - old is wanted by all the premier league ' s top clubs , as well as real madrid and juventus .
rangers lost 3 - 0 to queen of the south in their premier league clash .  stuart mccall has spoken to bilel mohsni about his discipline .  the ibrox side are currently behind second - placed hibs on goal difference .
vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks .  lyme disease is a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites .  ticks are tiny tick - like creatures found in woodland and heath areas .  they feed on the blood of birds and mammals , including humans .  symptoms may be so mild that someone who ' s been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu - like symptoms .
mark selby beat gary wilson 10 - 2 in the final of the baic motor china open .  the leicester cueman dominated the best - of - 19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and 85 , 000 in prize money .  selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat selby who lies 55 places below him in the rankings .
manchester city director of football txiki begiristain was on the flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning .  guardiola is facing his first champions league quarter - final prior to the semi - final stages of his coaching career .  the 44 - year - old has only ever lost ten matches in six seasons as a coach .
reading host arsenal in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .  the royals have won eight of their last eight fa cup matches .  steve clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion .
out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets .  another had traces of crack cocaine , a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked .  venues do let players as young as 18 in , the majority of attendees are elderly .  discoveries mirror a spike in drug abuse among the elderly .
as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer .  pain can severely impact on quality of life , as eating and drinking are significantly affected .
video shows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around .  she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .  as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement .
james rodriguez is set to start against granada on sunday .  carlo ancelotti has said rodriguez will start after two months on the sidelines .  rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining real madrid .
comfortably numb is a new device that eases the pain of an injection .  it numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient ' s skin within 60 seconds .
keith anthony allen , 27 , of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape , felonious assault and gross sexual imposition .  he is accused of raping two 12 - year - old girls since september and fondling a third girl .  the assault charges allege he raped the girls while knowing he was hiv - positive and had consensual sex with a woman without telling her he has the virus that causes aids .
bailiffs visited sweyne park school in rayleigh , essex , without permission .  they were originally fined 120 for the unauthorised absence from school .  the boy ' s grandmother paid up to stop the bailiff taking property to cover the amount owed .  she said : ' he ' s a bright boy , my grandson , and he could easily hack five days off ' .
yulia tarbath , 33 , started a raw vegan diet consisting of fruit , vegetables and juice .  for lunch , she ate her way through ten bananas and entire bunches of spinach .  she took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone .  life coach yulia said there ' s ' no excuse to be fat in pregnancy ' .
mark west , 32 , will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student at spring high school in spring , texas .  he had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ' feeling horny ' .  despite the light punishment , the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment , saying he made ' bad decisions made on impulses ' and was being ' selfish ' .
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new orleans pelicans 110 - 74 on wednesday night .  he stopped to talk with a young fan on the sidelines , who animatedly talked and pointed to gasol before they exchanged a high five .
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted .  the arkansas - native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp .  arenson revealed that he wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed .
the splendour of the seas will be transformed by thomson , and launched under a new name next summer .  magellan ,  new flagship  of the cruise & maritime fleet , started life as the holiday , built in 1985 for carnival cruise lines .  it has had a colourful life , including providing a haven for victims of hurricane katrina in 2005 and acting as a hotel for the winter olympics in sochi in 2014 .
survivors described running for their lives as a ' tsunami ' of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on base camp .  up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7 . 8 - magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world  s highest peak .  survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp before crashing into rocks and ice .
ian walters is accused of murdering his wife of two years after their relationship had collapsed because she was no longer able to satisfy his sexual demands .  walters veered off the m1 on the way back from an unsuccessful ' make or break ' trip with his wife tracy , leicester crown court heard .  the 51 - year - old ' s mitsubishi l200 animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree at 84mph in march last year .
matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber ' s drink .  the 29 - year - old , from epsom in surrey , appeared at roof gardens crown court .  he was released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub .
nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres .  they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater .  however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are .  dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april .  these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14 , 000 miles ( 22 , 000km ) from the north pole .
the settlement of aogashima in the philippine sea has 200 inhabitants who live in the middle of a volcanic crater .  the last time the class - c volcano erupted was in the 1780s , it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island .
world ' s joint third - largest cruise ship , the anthem of the seas , has just arrived in southampton , uk .  the new ship has a bar operated by robots that mix cocktails using precise ingredients .  passengers with a head for heights will also be able to take a ride in a transparent capsule for amazing ocean views .
atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd officers and grabbed around the neck .  the atlanta hawks player made the statement through his club ' s twitter account , saying that his injury had left him in ' great pain ' and ' was caused by the police ' .  he was arrested alongside teammate pero antic for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene .  the nypd have launched an internal investigation into the arrest .
national union of teachers has called for a  positive portrayal of same sex relationships  in lessons to be made  compulsory  under the next government .  critics accused the nut of  thought control  and said the  intolerant  proposals risked  oversexualising  children at a young age .
julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form against bayern munich .  bayern are chasing a treble of titles and their fourth straight champions league semi - final appearance .  porto are also without javi martinez and mehdi benatia , while franck ribery looks set to miss the game with a nagging ankle injury .
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the o2 exhibition .  it is normally on display at graceland , the singer ' s former home - turned - museum .  it was made by hollywood tailor nudie cohn , whose other customers have included sir elton john , ronald reagan and john wayne .
heston blumenthal ' s fat duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world .  london ' s only three - michelin - starred restaurant is the brainchild of culinary prodigy grant achatz .  raymond blanc ' s belmond le manoir aux quat ' saisons and michel roux jr ' s le gavroche also honoured .
developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one - touch - 911 app .  users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button .  each call is placed with the phone ' s gps location , user details and any pre - entered medical information attached .  if the user doesn ' t have signal on their network , the app lets them ' roam ' onto another network to connect the call .
tracey cox says it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone ' s attention .  she gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get a nudge that someone has ' caught your eye ' .  spring is the season for flirting so the perfect time to find out if a stranger is interested in you .
arsenal haven ' t won the league since 2004 and their first eight - game winning run since then has propelled them to second .  ivan gazidis says he is ' not happy ' that the club are not going to win the title .  the club ' s top spot is set to elude arsenal again .
manny pacquiao revealed his own walk - out tune ahead of his $ 300m mega - fight with floyd mayweather jnr .  the so - called ' lalaban ako para sa filipino ' translates as ' i will fight for the fillipino ' .  the tune will be played ahead of the richest fight in history against the undefeated american at the mgm grand on may 2 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
sir john major said talking up threat posed by snp was ' short - term and dangerous ' .  former prime minister will say labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes , more debt and fewer jobs - as well as another independence referendum .  sir john said ed miliband would face ' daily dose of blackmail ' from snp ' s nicola sturgeon , whose party may win 50 commons seats .
emad sahabi suffered an ankle break while playing for al orubah against al shoalah .  the match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder ' s joint snapped and appeared to dislocate , leaving it hanging off the end of his leg .  the break brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by arsenal duo eduardo and aaron ramsey a few years ago .
romanian company mb telecom has revealed the roboscan 2m aeria .  it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside .  the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb .  but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet .
nbc ' s committee investigating alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences made by brian williams . williams was suspended in february amid allegations he had lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down in iraq in 2003 .  he said that his crew in egypt had no body armor and that his ' security guys ' were unarmed because of the country ' s gun laws .
sebastian vettel returned to the team ' s factory at maranello last week .  the four - time world champion returned to a hero ' s welcome at the malaysian grand prix .  the win allowed ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in may 2013 .
sky ' s fa cup coverage went head - to - head with arsenal v reading in the fa cup semi - final on the bbc .  gary lineker , alan shearer , jason roberts and ian wright hosted the bbc ' s coverage at wembley .  the bbc even gave us a moment of history at half - time with a breakdown .  the price of live premier league football is now way beyond the reach of the bbc , which may be the clincher in lineker ' s future .
ulrike berger , 44 , is barred by court order from leaving country with daughter .  but on march 22 , they are believed to have boarded a plane to europe .  pair were last seen at berger ' s home in brooklyn at 10am on march 21 .
graeme finlay , 53 , cleared of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous bodily harm .  ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the thomson celebration luxury liner .  finlay claimed mr phillips threw a cup of hot chocolate at him , swore and struck him with his crutch .  jury at teesside crown court took less than an hour to return unanimous verdicts .
david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years and six months for the murder .  eni mevish , 20 , was stabbed in the heart , lungs and heart six months after they met because he was ' jealous ' of her other friendships .  the pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14 - year - old girl .
john sutton jr , 84 , was just 8 years old when his father brought him to his first kentucky derby .  sutton won $ 600 dollars in 19567 , when he bet on the winning horse proud clarion .  sutton has collected a program from every kentucky derby he has attended and keeps them in a binder at home .
luke shambrook , 11 , went missing from a victorian campsite in the fraser national park near lake eildon , north - east of melbourne , on friday .  he was found just before midday aest on tuesday in thick bushland off skyline road , 3km from the campsite .  he is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother rachel .
siobhan - marie o ' connor ' s time of two minutes 09 : 51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year .  hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2 : 11 : 65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze .
bbc radio 5 live commentator guy mowbray ' s notes were posted ahead of kick - off .  the notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances , goals , transfer fees and other interesting tidbits .  cameron brannagan was an unused substitute in liverpool ' s 2 - 0 win at anfield .
more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of jesus christ . the 14 foot - long linen has been dated to the end of the 13th century , lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery .  pope francis decreed the latest exhibition to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of st john bosco , a 19th century monk who devoted his life to the education of poor children .
kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers .  pictures show the women in three set poses  in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing  and they have already been viewed more than 30 , 000 times .  voting began this week and the miss army competition will be open until may 10 .
ben hagon ' s high - powered mercedes sports car crashed into tara mcintyre ' s car .  the 24 - year - old suffered life - changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis .  hagon was overtaking a line of cars on the a131 at high garrett , near braintree , essex .  he was jailed for two years and eight months at chelmsford crown court .
borussia dortmund beat hoffenheim 3 - 2 in the german cup quarter - finals .  sebastian kehl fired home a spectacular volley in extra time .  ricardo rodriguez converted a second - half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance with a 1 - 0 victory over freiburg .
health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a bmi under 18 and criminalising pro - anorexia web content .  in western europe , around 0 . 5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by the disorder nervosa .
sprawling house built on site of old telephone exchange in chelsea , west london .  it has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales .  but stamp duty alone is enough for treasury to pay annual salary of 330 nurses .
a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video .  limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol .  this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations .  but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile .
denise fedyszyn , 37 , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb .  a fairground worker told the mother - of - two : ' you ' re too fat to ride , i can ' t fasten the seatbelt ' .  she joined weightwaters and changed her diet , as well as taking up exercise .
olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died when an express train hit them at elsenham station , essex , in december 2005 .  inquest returned verdicts of accidental death  but it later emerged crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner , leading to allegations of a cover - up .  campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas .
arsenal beat liverpool 4 - 1 at the emirates on saturday afternoon .  hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3 - 0 ahead .  jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot .  olivier giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  the filipino boxer was joined by his pet dog pacman as he ran around griffith park .
virtual reality headsets could help combat air sickness and jet lag .  engineers from the university of michigan have designed a virtual reality system to help passengers acclimatise to their new time zone .  the devices could also help combat the conflict between the information coming from a person ' s eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear .  more than half of americans said they would do things that increase the likelihood and severity of motion sickness .
john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight .  despite this , he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting .  he uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work .
the total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of north america , asia and australia .  according to one us pastor , the event was predicted in the bible and hints at an imminent world - changing event , such as the return of christ . the event is called a tetrad since it involves four successive total blood red lunar eclipses each followed by six full moons .
reanne evans trails ken doherty 5 - 4 at the interval of her world championship qualifier in sheffield .  doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session .  doherty is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the crucible .
latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , were discovered early wednesday .  the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead .  he also had a six - month - old baby with him who was unharmed .
cruel hunting competition held in yakutsk , eastern russia .  attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of russia .  many have to be killed when they encroach into built - up areas looking for food .
bath lost 18 - 15 to leinster at dublin ' s aviva stadium .  six ian madigan penalties gave three - time european champions leinster a tense quarter - final success .  anthony watson believes the pain of bath ' s exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season ' s play - offs .
newcastle face sunderland in the tyne - wear derby on sunday .  john carver will ' whip ' his players to make sure they don ' t get out - worked .  dick advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss .
didier drogba has revealed he is not planning to retire at the end of the season .  the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer .  but the 37 - year - old ' s future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract .
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies .  the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson , in addition to previous directors .  the department of homeland security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked .
paolo dybala says he could be playing his final games at palermo .  the 21 - year - old scored his 13th league goal of the season on saturday .  arsenal and juventus have already approached the club with bids .
sir terry pratchett ' s final discworld novel , the shepherd ' s crown , will be released this september , his publishers have said .  the book will feature tiffany aching , a witch - in - training who has featured in four of sir terry ' s books to date .  sir terry published his fist discworld book , the colour of magic , in 1983 and went on to sell 85million books worldwide , with his work being translated into 37 languages .
bournemouth drew 2 - 2 with sheffield wednesday at dean court on saturday .  chris maguire scored an injury time penalty for the owls .  the gunners are unbeaten in 10 championship teams this season .  the battle for automatic promotion to the premier league is hotting up with three points covering four teams and two games to play .
james webster targeted female shoppers at lidl in maidenhead , berkshire .  the 35 - year - old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper .  security guards discovered webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming .  he was spared jail after admitting outraging public decency .
tottenham will listen to offers for marseille midfielder florian thauvin .  the 22 - year - old has been subject of enquiries from tottenham earlier in the year .  mauricio pochettino has dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper hugo lloris seeking a move if spurs miss out on the top four this term .
alaskan husky , sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway on monday night who will be reunited with the animal on april 28 .  the three - year - old dog was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then in palmer , about 40 miles northeast of anchorage .  carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between
wilfried zaha posted a photo on instagram with the caption ' fifa 16 face shots ' .  the 22 - year - old helped crystal palace defeat sunderland 4 - 1 on saturday .  zaha has scored twice for the eagles since signing permanently in february .
ikea ' s new service , wedding online , allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group skype .  guests are invited via facebook , and once they log in , they can set a virtual date and invite the facebook contacts they want as guests .  the pair can then choose from a range of several ceremonies depending on their style .
disney ' s polynesian villas & bungalows are available from $ 2 , 000 a night - rising to $ 4 , 500 at peak times .  each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of the magic kingdom resort and the lagoon .
vall d ' hebron hospital in barcelona has performed the ' world ' s most complex ' face transplant .  the 45 - year - old man suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years .  doctors said it is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date .
carles n ' zogbia wore a flamboyant shirt and trouser combo .  tim sherwood took to twitter to ridicule the frenchman ' s choice of attire .  the ireland international has featured regularly under tim sherwood since he was appointed manager in february .  villa moved six points clear of the premier league relegation zone after saturday ' s 1 - 0 win against tottenham at white hart lane .
defence minister kevin andrews has failed to name the leader of the islamic state on abc ' s 7 . 30 program .  the federal government announced 330 troops would be leaving for iraq earlier that day .  mr andrews said he was unable to reveal the brutal regime ' s leader , abu bakr al - baghdadi , for ' operational reasons ' .  he said : ' i don ' t think that ' s operational , i think it ' s a matter of public record ' .
the ch - 53e super stallion landed on the shore of san diego county on wednesday morning after a low oil - pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit .  the 100 - foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores .
study by independent political magazine mother jones found taxpayers fork out $ 229 billion annually because of shootings , which is more than $ 700 per person .  at least 750 , 000 americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years .
georgina gosden , 25 , is facing common assault charges for punching two women in the face at a pub in north queensland .  the former playboy model is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25 - year - old woman in the same nightclub last april .  her most recent victim told police ' she was going to find her [ the victim ] ' .  gosden has appeared in townsville magistrates court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue .
bruno fernandez has been dubbed the ' majadahonda ripper ' after police searched his home and discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth .  the 32 - year - old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger , adriana giogiosa , who was reported missing by her brother .  he has a history of psychological problems , it has been reported .
ufo researcher scott waring says he has spotted an extra - terrestrial spacecraft in a 55 - year - old photo from nasa ' s mercury project .  the image was taken as part of project mercury , which was the us ' first mission to put men in space .  scientists say radical claims such as this are a case of pareidolia , which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places .
virgil van dijk ' s 16th free - kick gave celtic a dream start to their scottish cup semi - final clash with inverness .  ronny deila was angry at the referee ' s decision to send off josh meekings and award his side a penalty .
match of the day pundit gary lineker labelled nigel farage a ' d * * * ' .  he tweeted : ' i reckon farage would leather it over the bar .  and blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving ' .  mr farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders .  opinion polls produced mixed results on who ' won ' the contest . 40 per cent of voters think david cameron is ' most capable of leading the country ' .
michael vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of england ' s top order for just looking to survive .  jonathan trott was out for a duck on his return to the test match side in antigua .  geoff boycott was also critical of the pair , saying : ' opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when it  s doing a little bit ' .
natalie swindells , 26 , eats four bowls of the cereal every day .  she can ' t face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades .  she now believes overeating causes more health problems than having a very restricted diet like her own .
nigel pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season .  west ham boss sam allardyce has defended pearson and says he is ' his own man ' .  the pair will be reunited when west ham face leicester at the king power stadium on saturday .
inter milan want to sign manchester city midfielder yaya toure this summer .  marco fassone fears city ' s asking price and toure ' s wages could be too much .  inter are also working on new deals for mauro icardi and mateo kovacic .
niloofar rahmani , 23 , is the first female pilot to serve in the air force since the fall of the taliban in 2001 .  she has defied death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family .  captain rahmani and nine other women from across the world were awarded the u . s secretary of state ' s international women of courage award 2015 .
the 44 - year - old had just returned from a holiday in algeria .  police tweeted a complaint that the weather on his holiday was ' too hot ' .  the incident was shared by the great manchester police chadderton division .
vijay chokal - ingam claims that he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance .  he claims he shaved his head , trimmed his ' long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students during the process .  ' i was determined to become a doctor and i knew that admission standards for certain minorities under affirmative action were , let ' s say  less stringent ? ' .
the 32 - year - old cairns man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to his daughter .  the little girl is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma .  she has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs .  her mother , who is estranged from the father , does not agree with his actions and the method of treatment he chose to use on their daughter .
martin fletcher reveals series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham , the club ' s chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 .  official inquiry into the blaze , led by mr justice oliver popplewell , concluded that the fire was an accident , probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand .  today , sir oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on bbc radio leeds .
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u . s . attorney general .  she was confirmed by the senate on thursday following a months - long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation .  ' we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them , ' lynch said .
baboucarr ceesay , a talented footballer from the gambia , is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a ' desperate ' attempt to seek a new life in the uk .  his aunt jessica sey , from cheltenham , has spoken of her devastation after discovering that he was not among the 27 survivors and demanded the human traffickers be brought to justice .
samantha giufre , 19 , suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain on september 7 , 2014 .  she was found in a gutter on myall road in casula , south - west of sydney .  one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident , but police are searching for others they believe were involved .
may wong ' s four - year - old cockapoo , miss darcy , has travelled the globe .  she takes more trips with her owner every year than the average briton .  the dogs have travelled on planes , trains , cars and trains across the world .  among the landmarks they have visited are the eiffel tower , new york  s central park and the berlin wall .
danny ings hasn ' t scored since february 11 and missed his side ' s best chance in saturday ' s 1 - 0 defeat at everton .  sean dyche insists that the rest of his players must help to relieve the pressure on ings .  the 23 - year - old is strongly linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract at turf moor runs out in the summer .
motorist was driving to visit his mother ' s house when he saw an injured woman lying by the side of the road .  when he returned to the scene he found his mother covered in blood and dying .  police have arrested a local local over the hit - and - run .
prime minister pledges to deliver effective  home rule  for england .  welsh and northern irish mps able to set separate rate of income tax to that in scotland with mps north of the border having no say .  if wales votes in favour of the welsh assembly having income tax powers like those being devolved to holyrood , welsh mps would also be excluded .  plan likely to trigger a row with labour , which opposes the idea of an english veto .
baby april was found face down in a toilet bowl at silcock ' s amusement arcade .  police have released a cctv image of a woman they believe may have been delivered .  the baby was named april by staff at the ormskirk hospital where she is being treated .  police say they have traced the mother to an address in the merseyside area .
the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in june 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 .  prescott city attorney jon paladini says he was told it was an order from the group ' s supervisor .  he claims the crew supervisor gave orders for the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned .
the great dying , which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world ' s creatures .  research has found the majority of species on the planet were killed when the oceans became more acidic .  this was probably greater than today ' s fossil fuel reserves .
actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead return to channel 4 .  each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles .  pair work on more than one vehicle per episode and stalled restoration projects .
firefighters were called to the site northeast of greeley airport shortly after 1 p . m . they had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire .  the fire was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground .  no one was injured , but the facility has likely been destroyed .
wikileaks put 170 , 000 emails and 30 , 000 other documents from last year ' s cyberattack into searchable online archive .  they also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents .  whistleblower julian assange has added insult to injury for sony pictures .
napoli beat cagliari 1 - 0 in their serie a clash at the sant ' elia stadium .  jose callejon opened the scoring for rafa benitez ' s side .  manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal before antonio balzano ' s own - goal .
nicolas diaz , 81 , allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter ' s ex - boyfriend , kevin rivera .  couple had just returned to apartment in brooklyn , new york , on sunday .  diaz wanted to break up fight , relatives said , but was later pronounced dead .  he has been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport .  they were taken to a police station despite being told they would finally be able to return home and charges of espionage would not be brought against them .  the three men have spent two months in prisons in dubai and abu dhabi .
philip dunning , 44 , from bo ' ness , west lothian , made decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours .  he kept checking his wallet to make sure the winning pocket was still with him during the shift .  mr dunning ' s millions mean he could easily afford a bugatti veyron super sports , a mere 2million .
northampton lost 37 - 5 to clermont in the champions cup on saturday .  the saints sit 10 points clear at the summit of the aviva premiership .  tom wood thanked clermont for inviting clermont to an open training session .
golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers 116 - 105 on thursday night .  stephen curry hit eight three - pointers to eclipse his previous nba best of 272 made in a single season .  curry added nine assists , and thompson scored 26 to help golden state avoid its first three - game losing streak this season .
conrad clitheroe , from stockport , is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro - also from greater manchester .  the 54 - year - old ' s wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication - and claims guards ' don ' t care ' .  they were arrested in february over claims they were a ' threat to national security ' .
zeke celello , who appears to be around two , burst into tears when hillary clinton announced that she was running .  he insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine .  but he eventually takes his mother ' s advice and decides to run anyway .
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university , california .  it is said to be the first high - performance aluminium battery that is ' fast - charging , long - lasting and inexpensive ' .  aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high - charge storage capacity .
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan were selling a range of toys at a car boot sale in bude , cornwall , when they spotted the purple teddy at another seller ' s stall .  the pair , from launceston , recognised the bear as a limited edition princess diana di beanie baby - one of the most sought after in the collection .  they are now selling it on ebay with a starting bid of 20 , 000 .
becca and dale litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding to have one last shot at ivf .  but weeks later they became winners of a wedding competition .  they spent 5 , 500 on two rounds of ivf , keeping back an additional sum of money that they planned to spend on their wedding day .
analysts watch clips of beheadings , violent attacks and hard core pornography .  sometimes the graphic clips contain encrypted messages and they must be checked to see if they hold useful information .  analysts often suffer sensations of sickness , bouts of grief , periods of depression and experience anger .
dramatic footage has emerged of two houses being swept away by floodwaters along the coast of new south wales .  one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , in the hunter valley , north of sydney .  a dungog resident filmed the half - submerged property drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone .
kevin pietersen has joined surrey in a last - ditch bid to earn a place in the ashes squad for england this summer .  darren gough says his pal only has a small chance of returning for england .  gough believes pietersen will ' disappear to the caribbean premier league ' if he doesn ' t get an england call .
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , is on the run after allegedly beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a dunkin ' donuts in maryland .  the fbi announced on wednesday that patel had been charged with first - degree murder , second - degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure .
brendan cordina drove for four days to find his grandfather ' s medals .  the 36 - year - old amazingly found the medals in the northern territory .  mr cordina was refused the medals and told they ' were more important to the museum ' .  he has received 15 , 000 signatures in under 24 hours and is overwhelmed by the public ' s support .
dug the pug ' s face swelled to twice its size after he was bitten by a rattlesnake .  the snake bit dug in the face , and his face instantly ballooned to its size .  dug ' s vets issued a warning to other pet owners that animals do not have the same instincts as humans when they see a snake .
david luiz and ezequiel lavezzi were involved in a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara on friday afternoon .  luiz was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36 - year - old ' s face into his cake on his special day .  camara was also involved in the prank ahead of psg ' s trip to marseille on sunday .
the 2013 birth of prince george did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies .  two per cent of brits and seven per cent americans instead want prince george to have a baby brother .  in the uk , charlotte , alice and alexandra are the leading names , with charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent .
robbie mcnamara broke eight ribs , cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs .  the jockey was due to partner last year ' s cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the handicap hurdle ' s grand national at wexfordtree .  mcnamara remains in the mater hospital in dublin and was able to leave his bed for the first time to enjoy the sunshine on tuesday .
ashley x was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph .  instead of coughing up a fixed penalty , he ignored essex police ' s attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame .  the 35 - year - old was jailed for perjury and perverting the course of justice .
snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet , somerset , illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town .  age the pet cat ' s name is mouse .  unfortunately for this mouse that ' s where all similarities between the moggy and its namesakes end .
one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up by gang .  he thought he was meeting a 14 - year - old girl in a church car park in atherton .  but when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men in the north - west . he then reported the matter to police and was arrested on suspicion of grooming .  andrew o ' neill , 25 , has since admitted he groomed an under - age girl .
number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year .  the product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham and sam faiers .  sandra vaughan , a beauty consultant for fake bake , said the pale look is now more fashionable .
as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long waves on the ocean ' s floor to create a constant hum .  earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that the earth can oscillate for months after the seismic event .  researchers in the mid - 1990s found the hum can drop as low as an e flat , 20 octaves below middle c on the musical scale .
david ' flats ' flatman has been driving around rugby world cup venues preparing for the world cup .  the olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground , but the buzz around the game is palpable .  england came up short against france in the six nations , but their style of play earned plenty of plaudits .
alan spencer , 67 , was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe .  he frantically tried to clear his throat and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer - by .  but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ' slipping away ' as he began to black out .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona ' s 3 - 1 win over psg on wednesday .  the uruguayan international scored his first goal of the night .  lionel messi said : ' great game with 2 amazing goals from my friend ! ' .  real madrid are the top scorers in europe with 1 , 016 goals to their name .
hilary border , 54 , had power of attorney over her 83 - year - old mother ' s affairs .  the mother - of - three was required to pay 300 - a - week for the care home care .  when it doubled to 600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all .  border was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two years .
glynis barber is the star of itv ' s 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace .  she has changed what and how she eats and has transformed her figure .  she says she has co - written a book with her , the in - sync diet .
nearly a third of people aged 16 - to - 34 have deleted their accounts .  trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures .  facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so - called ' silver surfers ' to join .
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona .  the 18 - time olympic gold - medallist was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink - driving test . phelps will miss this summer ' s world championships in kazan , russia .
the 18 - year - old daughter of actor stephen baldwin is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner .
stephan lichtsteiner believes he is watching eden hazard and paul pogba .  the 18 - year - old played with hazard at lille before moving to chelsea .  the defender is expected to line up against monaco on wednesday night .
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence at anfield .  the fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster . 96 liverpool fans were crushed to death during their fa cup semi - final against warrington forest in 1989 .
residents in aershan feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell .  mud , covering them in a strange dark residue , was mixed with a strange black mud - like residue .  photos of people ' s hands covered in the black soot have circulated online .
kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , of northhampton county , pennsylvania , pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment .  his daughter ' s teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition .  she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not have an procedure because her parents did not set up a pre - operation examination .  fourteen of the girl ' s 20 teeth were either abscessed , and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay .
omar hussain , 27 , makes videos and posts on social media about life in the islamic state under the name abu sa ' eed al - britani .  last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes .  he has cautioned ' sisters ' to choose wisely when searching for a spouse .
real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ' big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end .  she said ' nothing sparked it ' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as ' entirely false ' .  hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse .
liverpool lost 2 - 1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final last sunday .  brendan rodgers is under pressure following his three - year reign at the club .  but he has been boosted by the news that jordan henderson has committed his future to the club and is ' unsure ' when he will return .  jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the campaign .
bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter - final .  the bavarians have won their last five bundesliga games without conceding a goal .  franck ribery and arjen robben will be out for about two months .
gchq unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from sami al - saadi .  investigatory powers tribunal ( ipt ) ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications .  mr al - - has fought a legal battle against the british government claiming it was complicit in kidnapping him and sending him back to his homeland to be tortured by the gaddafi regime .
pensioners aged over 75 will be guaranteed same - day appointments with gp .  prime minister said last night he was ' utterly committed ' to health service .  move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims that the tories would ' cut the nhs to the bone ' .
james hannaway , manager of rex cinema in berkhamsted , has banned babies from special screenings .  he said he was fed up with ' whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' .  also claimed that the cinema has been forced to reconsider over the ratings on the tuesday films .
saracens beat racing metro 12 - 11 at the stade yves - du - manoir .  marcelo bosch landed a 55 - metre penalty in the final act of the game .  saracens director of rugby mark mccall admitted he was surprised to see bosch taking the penalty .
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography .  the 45 - year - old was in the us working as a research professor and director at the us naval war college in rhode island .  if convicted he faces 20 years ' jail if convicted .
jeff and joey stallings , both in their twenties , were hospitalized on april 6 .  they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking .  they were hospitalized within hours of each other , when they collapsed .  they had to be put on life support and were able to return to home on april 13 .  their mother , karen , has appealed to others not to smoke the drug .
psychologists from goldsmiths university of london , and ohio state university in the us studied more than 13 , 000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries .  the researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children  s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents .
truckers from bulgaria , poland and romania are being offered 100 for each driver they manage to lure into britain from their home country .  employment agency mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified class a hgv driver to undertake work for four weeks .  this is despite there being 3 , 000 jobless residents in swindon .
robert clark , 96 , survived the brutality of the nazi ' death march ' across europe .  he was a gunner in the durham light infantry when he was captured by the nazis in tobruk in june 1942 .  he has used his 50 , 000 savings to pay towards a 960 - a - week live - in carer .  more than 127 , 000 people have signed a petition calling for mr clark to be allowed to stay in his house .
tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper , laundry detergents and shampoos , which glow under uv light , meaning they could shed light on previously undetectable mis - plumbed pathways .  engineers at the university of sheffield found that the cotton products absorb chemicals found in products containing  optical brighteners  which are used to whiten and brighten colours .
christian tyrrell , 22 , was arrested wednesday on charges of capital murder in the death of 2 - year - old adrian langlais .  winkler and martinez considered themselves adrian ' s grandparents , even though they weren ' t blood related to the little boy .  adrian was the son of his girlfriend jessica langlais who started dating langlais when she was six - months pregnant with adrian .
dikembe mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009 , recording 11 , 729 points , 12 , 359 rebounds , and 3 , 289 blocks .  he was elected to the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame on monday .
there will be a capacity of 7 , 000 for july ' s match against france at london ' s queen ' s club .  well under 3 , 000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in glasgow for last month ' s first round .  sponsors plus organisations such as the lta , wimbledon , the international tennis federation and the french federation have to be catered for .
a 30 - year - old darwin man is accused of using someone else ' s registration number to pose as a fake nurse for six weeks .  he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud after cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory .  the man was receiving a $ 100 , 000 annual salary and accommodation from queensland health in the six weeks he was at the hospital .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
grown - up children still living at home even in their twenties and thirties .  but only 42 per cent charge their children rent  with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask .  debt organisations warn parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills .
aston villa owner randy lerner was expected to appear at wembley .  the 53 - year - old had been tipped to make a rare appearance .  lerner has been publicly trying to sell villa since last may .
felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks .  the two - year - old grey tabby ' s crate was travelling in an airline - approved carrier but it was damaged in transit .
ashley madison , an online dating agency , is betting on europe ' s relaxed attitude to extra - marital affairs .  it ' s founder noel biderman , 43 , who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney .  he wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in russia , ukraine and the baltic states .  it comes five years after a lack of investor appetite caused it to pull an attempt to list in canada .
nicholas figueroa , 23 , and moises locon , 26 , both died when the east village building collapsed last thursday .  investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion , with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings .  in august , utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped , according to dna analysis .
amy murray , 23 , rowed with fellow cinema - goers during screening .  argument broke out and murray hit jessica deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand .  police were called to the century cinema in clacton - on - sea , essex , just before the end of the film .  miss murray said : ' i ' m a single parent of a four - year - old son and is someone who rarely goes out ' .
five staff members left the royal easter show with serious injuries after taking a joy ride down ' the super slide ' .  the 52 - metre slide was closed due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery .  a 22 - year - old woman broke both her legs , a man suffered broken legs and internal bleeding .  three of the contractors escaped without injury .  the slide underwent a safety check sunday morning and was cleared for use , as long as there wasn ' t another downpour .
the 13 - year - old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans last week .  he reportedly told classmates ' several times ' he was going to kill all the teachers before committing suicide .  the boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination and will not face criminal charges because he is under 14 , the age of criminal responsibility in spain .
jack mascitelli , from victoria , ran through byron bay to win a free kebab .  the prank backfired when he accidentally ran ' screaming and yelling ' past a group of police officers .  the 18 - year - old was fined $ 500 for offensive behaviour .
aussie the dog saved his owners kai , sophie and sophie , from being electrocuted in a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms . the family were walking near their home at caves beach , near lake macqurie when he was killed suddenly .  the children ' s mother natalie crane - hayes decided to take the children for a walk in a nearby park .  ' aussie ' s our hero , he saved their lives , ' said ms addicoat .
angela linton wrote vile message directed at gay teacher thomas o ' brien .  the 47 - year - old has been given a community order , told to carry out unpaid work .  linton ' s son started at perry beeches secondary school in september last year .
hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league .  paul mcshane is keeping faith that the tigers will avoid relegation despite a tough run of games .  the tigers are currently fourth in the premier league table .
avalanche buried part of base camp , raising fears for safety of climbers .  a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from .
lionel messi has scored 277 la liga goals for barcelona over the last 10 - and - a - half years .  the 27 - year - old has scored so many trebles at club level - 32 to be exact - that he can ' t remember each one despite keeping a match ball from every game .  messi will be hoping to add another to his list when barca take on psg in the champions league on wednesday .
death row records co - founder marion ' suge ' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday .  knight , a 49 - year - old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing .  his lawyer , matt fletcher , said authorities put knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a ' ploy ' to ' humiliate ' his client .
public housing tenants will pay a bond under a nsw government plan to recoup losses from trashed properties . communities minister brad hazzard said it was a ' very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future .  he said it would be possible to make exceptions in certain circumstance  for example women escaping domestic violence .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan ' s lives were changed forever after being arrested for the bali nine drug smuggling operation .  the pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8 . 3kg of heroin , taped to the bodies of young mules and sentenced to death .  their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade .
nacer chadli opened the scoring for tottenham on the half - hour mark with a well - placed left - footed strike .  christian eriksen doubled the hosts ' lead in the 90th minute to make it 3 - 1 .  harry kane equalised for the hosts in the second half with a penalty from 30 yards out .
brynn johnson lost her young daughter rowyn in september last year .  cassie was in her car picking up rown ' s son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she accidentally ran over the little girl with her car .  incredibly though , brynn forgave cassie for what happened , acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident .  they started a charity initiative called raise for rown , which raises money for families who have experienced child tragedies .
people wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the qantas lounges around australia .  disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced dress code have posted their complaints on social media .  cassandra hann said she was refused entry because she was wearing havianas .
rory mcilroy , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and justin rose will all play at augusta national golf club .  click here for all the latest masters 2015 news .
tiger ' s nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country of bhutan .  tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests .  buddhism lies at the heart of society .
michelle pfeiffer has teamed up with katie couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program .  the series was created by diane english , who was behind the show murphy brown , about a female news anchor .  the ladies are currently in talks with hbo , showtime , showtime and amazon to pick up the program .
experts believe the molalla log cabin was constructed as early as 1795 - ten years before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean .  historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in oregon .  olson and hayden hypothesize that the cabin could have been a home for a group of 10 to 50 russian settlers sent to the willamette valley as farmers to feed fur traders in alaska .
aubrey de grey says ageing is a ' disease that can and should be cured ' .  the 51 - year - old ex - public schoolboy believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn ' t reach 500 , 1 , 000 or even 5 , 000 years of age .  de grey ' s theories have gained him some high - profile supporters in silicon valley , california , home to more middle - aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet .
thabo sefolosha and pero antic were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene in chelsea , new york .  footage appears to show the atlanta hawks star being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers .  it happened on the same night that pacers star chris copeland and his wife , katrine saltara , were both stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 oak club .  both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them .
barcelona beat valencia 2 - 0 at the nou camp on saturday .  lionel messi made it 400 goals for barcelona in just 471 games .  luis enrique ' s side move five points away from real madrid .
matt dunford , 30 , bombarded amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day .  he tried to blackmail her out of 5 , 000 after their six - month relationship broke down .  he mocked - up an escort website profile on facebook and sent it to her mother and sister .  dunford failed to appear at hammersmith magistrates ' court in february .  he was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence .
poland international maciej rybus has a get - out clause for 3 . 2million .  the 25 - year - old impressed during poland ' s 1 - 1 draw with republic of ireland .
a reuters investigation revealed the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations .  the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the state department during hillary ' s tenure .
icefin was deployed ( and retrieved ) through a 12 - inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor .  vehicle carried a scientific payload capable of measuring ocean conditions under the ice .  technologies developed for icefin will help in the search for life on other planets , namely europa , a moon of jupiter .
author jonathan maitland said the majority of critics are eager to know when they will be able to see his forthcoming play .  the play will open in london in june , less than three years since the late comedian ' s depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary .  mcgowan portrayed savile in his popular bbc series , the big impression , in which he portrayed american rapper eminem .  maitland said : ' what person would not want to explore what kicked it off ? ' .
aston villa face liverpool in their fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  christian benteke scored the only goal of the game as villa won 1 - 0 .  martin skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop benteke .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted mehmet hassan , 56 , at a casino in london ' s west end .  she used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants .  but she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside .  granger was found guilty of manslaughter by a majority - but not guilty of murder .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens .  the 41 - year - old told the new york post he ' gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked .  body says he only did what was asked of him , like cleaning cat litter , taking care of pets and watering plants .
isidro garcia , 41 , will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15 - year - old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade .  authorities said the daughter of garcia ' s live - in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from mexico in 2004 to live with her mother .  he told her she would be deported and separated from her mother if she contacted authorities .
work at the dome of the rock was meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold - topped shrine , which overlooks old jerusalem .  but when the old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the ark of the covenant was buried 2 , 500 years ago .
michael kimmel , 40 , was taken into custody by kentucky state police on monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider .  trooper j . gabbard ' s report says kimmel was ordered to stop , but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat , jeans and boots .  officers said he had slurred speech , smelt of alcohol and was unsteady on his feet .
kent sprouse , 42 , gunned down ferris police officer marty steinfeldt , 28 , at a ferris , texas , convenience store in 2002 .  he shot and killed a customer , pedro moreno , 38 , who was pumping gas at the time of the slayings .  he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in texas , the nation ' s most active death penalty state .
jordan henderson has agreed a new long - term contract with liverpool .  the 24 - year - old has agreed terms on a deal worth more than 100 , 000 per week .  henderson is the latest big name in brendan rodgers ' squad to commit his future to the club .  liverpool are expected to confirm jordon ibe has signed a similar extension before the end of the week .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance and poor academic performance .
al qaeda - linked networks have altered their tactics since edward snowden stole intelligence files from gchq and the us national security agency .  extremist websites have moved to protect their communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers , making it harder to detect .  snowden fled justice in the us to hong kong , then russia , where he was granted asylum and now lives in a secret location .  mi5 director general andrew parker has called the traitor ' s actions a ' gift to terrorists ' .
many women make common mistakes every day that could lead to their skin ageing faster .  femail called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make .
ander herrera scored a brace as manchester united beat aston villa .  the 25 - year - old has established himself in louis van gaal ' s first team plans .  herrera has scored seven goals in a season when he hasn ' t played so much .
madison crotty , from san diego , is seen screaming and crying .  the one - month - old seems to doze off as soon as her father starts his deep breathing technique .  the clip , called the force awakens .  .  .  then falls back asleep .  it has been viewed more than 4 , 000 times on his youtube channel .  the grisly sound of vader ' s breathing is so iconic that it even has a trademark - or , rather , a ' soundmark ' .
obama claimed beijing was ' using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' .  but furious chinese leadership claimed it is washington which boasts - and wields - the greatest military muscle .  war of words come as flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially - built land masses near spratly islands .
the collision happened about 3pm on norfolk southern railway tracks near downtown meridian in mississippi .  the 57 - year - old woman drove around functioning gates and flashers and collided with the southbound amtrak crescent .  the last amtrak fatality in mississippi before wednesday was at a copiah county crossing in january 2013 .
nicholas figueroa ' s mother , ana , wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church of the holy name of jesus .  he was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city ' s east village when he was killed .  his body was pulled from the building ' s rubble alongside that of 26 - year - old busboy , moises locon .
alison sharland , 47 , agreed a 10 . 35million settlement from her ex - husband .  but husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense .  she now says she is entitled to more .
a report on the threat posed by australian foreign fighters has cited the abbott government ' s ' troubled relations ' with the muslim community .  the lowy institute report says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a ' serious national security threat ' .  the report comes just a day after the death of melbourne model - turned - jihadist sharky jama .  the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky ' s death as its capacity to do so was ' extremely limited ' .
george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home .  he was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later .  owners steven davison , 71 , and his wife susan , 68 , from llanrwst in conwy valley .
jeremy clarkson was due to record have i got news for you later this month .  the recording would have marked his first appearance on the bbc since 1988 .  he was dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ' fracas ' at a hotel .  director - general tony hall decided against renewing his contract saying ' a line has been crossed ' .
shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend .  police say the man had been ejected from the club late thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind .  the 29 - year - old bouncer was taken to hospital with non - life threatening injuries .  in a separate incident , another security guard was stabbed in melbourne .
uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation over the incidents .  fans twice invaded the field of play during sunday ' s 2 - 0 defeat by germany .  uefa also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches will also be investigated .
chester , a 6 - year - old pit bull mix , was found as a stray and had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 .  his photo was shared more than 6 , 000 times and inquires about adopting chester poured in from all over the world .
flight tcx2515 was taxiing to the runway when an unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane .  a witness said the man punched a bus door and uttered threats .  passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for manchester without the man on board .  thomas cook told mailonline : ' we have a zero tolerance policy towards any behaviour on board affecting the safety and welfare of our crew and customers ' .
maria malone - guerbaa , 41 , from london , used nothing but paints to transform herself into a grey rabbit with blue eyes .  the mother - of - two from london said she didn ' t use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result .  the final result has earned thousands of likes on instagram .
sam burgess is set to start at blindside for the second time for bath .  burgess is still adapting to the 15 - man code with his ball - carrying technique coming under scrutiny .  bath head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow .
labour leader stopped off at praise house community church in croydon .  he bowed his head while church leaders ' put their hands forward towards ed ' .  last year mr miliband described himself as a ' jewish atheist ' .
nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , 56 , shot dead ' execution - style ' at home .  found by david ' s wife , nicholas ' s mother , who had been in a bedroom .  police arrested dexter allen , 17 , and haraqyon degruy , 18 , in connection with killings .  neither have a ' significant ' criminal history , officers revealed .
warren sapp was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix , arizona , on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women .  in a police video released on monday , sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that ' everyone got naked ' after he ' put $ 600 on the table ' in his hotel room .
jose mourinho insists eden hazard is in a one - horse race to win player of the year awards .  hazard has been outstanding this season and will be a leading contender to claim both the pfa and football writers ' awards next month .  hazard will feature at queens park rangers on saturday .  diego costa will miss clashes with manchester united and arsenal .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
lorraine cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi .  the 51 - year - old had to leave her job as a result of the injuries she suffered .  she has received two payouts and is undergoing counselling to help her deal with psychological damage she received - including a terrible fear of anything yellow .
camilla kerslake , 26 , showed off more than she bargained for at olivier awards .  she was accompanied by england rugby skipper boyfriend chris robshaw .  ' pre - engagement ' is a growing trend , with thousands of couples choosing ' promise ' rings ahead of a formal proposal .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final on may 30 .  steven gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season .  simon mignolet insists they are not feeling the pressure of trying to give gerrard a dream send - off .
britain is paying professional aid workers up to 1 , 000 a day to work in africa and asia .  spending on workers has doubled to 1 . 4billion over the past four years .  hundreds of ' team leaders ' working on aid projects earn at least 120 , 000 .  daily rates of between 800 and 1000 are commonplace .
tony toutouni , 42 , is threatening to become the new king of instagram .  his outrageous posts have seen him amass 750 , 000 followers in eight months .  the billionaire downplays the new rivalry with his friend dan bilzerian .
anna foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by 2 , 000 % .  the 30 - year - old even flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue ' s most exclusive boutiques using the money she made .  she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the 1 . 5m ' boiler room ' scam .  foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today .
the unnamed woman , believed to be 25 to 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn .  paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening .  police are still awaiting a medical examiner ' s report to find out the cause of the woman ' s death .
american airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new ' indie ' cabin playlists .  new indie music was first piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking - a few months ago .  many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new playlists , which feature rockers such as the xx , haim , phantogram and hozier .
the pair , in their 30s , were convicted of noise pollution and harassment .  neighbours described the wails of passion as ' deafening ' and said it kept them and their two children awake .  the couple have now been ordered to pay 7 , 000 in damages to their neighbours .
aljaz bedene cannot represent great britain in the davis cup .  greg rusedski has supported bedene ' s bid to overturn the itf ' s ruling .  bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world and could make his debut as a british player at the new aegon manchester trophy .
a young star wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by r2d2 .  the robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video .  as the child speeds off down a corridor the robot follows him .  he is then heard flashing loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch .  the trailer for star wars : episode vii - the force awakens was viewed 88 million times worldwide in the first 24 hours .
just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place .  but within the us , opinions on global warming vary wildly between states , local communities , and congressional districts .  nationally , 52 per cent are worried about global warming , but , as the results show , this national number glosses over the geographic diversity .
becky watts , 16 , went missing from her bristol home in february .  her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house three miles away .  an inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings take place .  nathan matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step - sister .  his girlfriend shauna hoare , 21 , is accused of perverting the court of justice .
harry kane has been nominated for pfa player of the year .  spurs boss mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to win award .  kane could become the first spurs player to score 30 goals in a season .
238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014 , just three million less than the pre - recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more ( a 4 . 4 per cent rise ) in visitors from the uk .  the united arab emirates also ranks in the top 10 countries british flyers most travel to and from the united states .  australia suffered the biggest drop in uk arrivals losing a third of visitors from 744 , 000 to 488 , 000 .
diddy and mark wahlberg placed a bet of $ 250 , 000 on floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao in the las vegas mega - fight .  diddy originally suggests a $ 100 , 000 wager , before being raised by wahlberg as the duo chat while sitting by a swimming pool .  american boxer adrien broner has revealed he will be putting down $ 10 , 000 during the fight .
auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade ' boats ' were taking part in an annual fishing event on sunday .  attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car .  one vessel capsized just outside of the harbour , causing three people to have a bit of a paddle , however no one was injured .  coastguard hibiscus rescue and north shore rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved .
georgia davis , 22 , has been lifted from her home in aberdare , south wales .  neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property .  french doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed .  it is the second time ms davis has had to be rescued in such a way .
john carver was assistant to ruud gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999 .  the dutchman decided not to start star players duncan ferguson and alan shearer in 1999 .  carver is now fighting to win the chance to take charge of his hometown club against sunderland on sunday .
tony blair name - checked ed miliband only once , devoting his speech instead to his own achievements .  bizarrely , blair shared a stage with musician steve brookstein , who won the first x factor ten years ago but whose career sank even faster than blair  s popularity .
ruby walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car .  the two - time grand national winner will ride ballycasey in saturday ' s grand national at aintree .  paddy power claims he jumped straight over the car , which paddy power say was travelling at 40mph .
st mary ' s hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for delivery .  kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at kensington palace .  royal berkshire in reading and queen elizabeth hospital in king  s lynn , norfolk , have been told to prepare in case she goes into labour nearby .
jesse roepcke , 27 , from summerfield , was arrested in ormond beach , florida , on sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot .  police say he pointed the laser at other drivers as his fiancee , brandie tate , drove him around and drove him to a stoplight .  as he was been strip - searched , a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum .  he was then hit with additional charges of possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison .
there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in europe ' s top competition .  manchester city , chelsea , arsenal , liverpool , liverpool and manchester city have all been knocked out of the champions league quarter - finals .  gareth bale signed for real madrid for 86m and scored in the last round to help knock out arsenal .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
man in his 70s shot and wounded his daughter ' s boyfriend and a police officer .  he is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun .
kevin o ' connor , who owns memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , told reporters he has temporarily shut its doors after he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online .  a contributor from glenn beck ' s the blaze set up a fundraising page on gofundme for the pizzeria , with a goal of helping ' the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front , activists tearing them down , and no customers coming in ' .
the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates .  a suitor , played by sandler , uses videos to remind her of him .  relatives are encouraged to take part to say good morning , triggering personal anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get ready for the day .  the hebrew home is planning to evaluate the programme next month , with the aim of expanding it to several hundred residents in its memory - care ' neighbourhoods ' .
norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal .  the norwegian government said it will turn off its own fm service on january 11 .  streaming has topped cd sales in revenue for the first time in the united states .
jack wilshere is a product of the hale end academy .  the 23 - year - old has not featured for the first team since recovering from ankle surgery .  arsenal face burnley at old trafford on saturday night .
paula radcliffe set the world record of 2 : 15 . 25 in the london marathon in april 2003 .  the 41 - year - old said the time was irrelevant in her final london marathon .  radcliffe was due to give a bbc interview on tower bridge with denise lewis .
tottenham drew 0 - 0 with burnley in the premier league on sunday .  andros townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for england .  paul merson initially angered townsend for writing on sky sports .
216 prisoners , including 40 children , believed to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect .  no reason given for the release of the prisoners , which took place in himera , 180 miles north of kirkuk .  yazidis are made up of women , children and the elderly , while the rest were elderly , some of whom were too exhausted and disoriented to speak .
bolton - born boxer amir khan enjoyed a day a safari park in california .  the 28 - year - old was joined by his wife faryal makhdoom khan .  khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri on may 30 .
carrie fisher , 58 , who is reprising her role as princess leia , and mark hamill , 63 , were arm - in - arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out .  producer kathleen kennedy explained the 72 - year - old was ' resting ' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles .
a 23 - year - old taylors hill man was arrested on thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery .  he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash .  he was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date .
five chinese feminists have been arrested by police for ' picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' on public transport .  they have been linked to several stunts over the last few years which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women ' s toilets .  prosecutors will announce whether the women should be formally arrested , released or have their cases sent back to the police .  the activists were described as ' young , kind - hearted , and full of a sense of responsibility to society ' .
shona banda , 37 , has a custody hearing monday in garden city , kansas .  her 11 - year - old son was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services .  banda wrote a book about how she uses cannabis as therapy for crohn ' s disease .  the boy was given temporarily to his father , who is separated from banda , but returned to state custody on thursday .
floyd mayweather jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight with manny pacquiao .  quiana jeffries , aka chef q , was brought into mayweather ' s camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast . the 38 - year - old says she tries her best to ake them as healthy as possible : ' i cut them longways , and fry them up in a little coconut oil ' .
england take on a st kitts and nevis invitational xi in antigua next week .  jonathan trott and alastair cook score in basseterre for the first test . trott ' s return with 72 was the most pleasing day for england .
rihanna is one of h a growing number of celebrities opting to ditch their bras when it comes to day - to - day clothing .  rita ora and nicole scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending a - list parties recently .
documents released by american whistleblower allege britain was spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011 .  documents include allegations britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the argentine government .  south american state still claims territorial rights to the islands , which they refer to as ' malvinas ' .  britain has already pledged 180million over the next 10 years to beef up its defences of the falklands to take into account ' any future and possible threats ' .
the fire began around 11 : 30 a . m . sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported .  police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes .  the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air .
gareth bale has been linked with a move to manchester united .  real madrid legend zinedine zidane insists bale is not for sale .  bale joined real for a world record 86million from tottenham in 2013 .
the 21 - year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .  a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake ' s gig .
ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack , which will require surgery .  the boy was reportedly in the coach ' s office in order to turn in paperwork regarding his trying out for the team .  the student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault .
carlos colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body .  the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology on saturday .  colina is believed to have intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out .
jordon ibe is on the verge of signing a new long - term contract at liverpool .  the 19 - year - old damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26 .  brendan rodgers says ibe has looked ' absolutely sensational ' .  daniel sturridge is yet to rediscover his best form since returning from a lengthy injury lay off .
steven nelms writes in the essay that he can ' t afford his wife to be a stay - at - home mother .  ' i don ' t at all mean to offend anyone with this post , ' he writes .
dr adrian quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy .  satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight .  the energy it then creates , using semi - conductors , can be shot back down to earth .  if it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland .
ian walters , 51 , denies the murder of his wife tracy walters , who died in hospital two days after the high - speed crash .  prosecutors allege that walters veered his 4x4 off the m1 after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse .
ukip leader had awkward exchange with ivan loncsarevity at hinge factory .  he was campaigning with ukip mp douglas carswell who hopes to hold seat .  farage ' s immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion for weeks .
cynthia lennon , 75 , died at her home in spain yesterday at the age of 75 .  her second wife said she was ' proud ' how she and cynthia had ' stood firm in the beatles family ' .  cynthia said : ' she had such a strong zest for life and i felt proud ' .  she later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband , who eventually left her for yoko ono . former beatles paul mccartney and ringo starr added their condolences .
tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday , espn ' s adam schefter reports .  tebow ' s last regular - season nfl game appearance was with the new york jets in december 2012 .  he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team .  now he will join a crowded quarterback roster , which included sam bradford , march sanchez and barkley .
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season .  his last goal of the game at burnley meant the world , because it was for someone special .  ramsey ' s grandmother would have been proud of his career in football .
alpha delta president ryan maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options .  the fraternity has until next monday to appeal the decision .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 1 at old trafford .  ashley young scored the equaliser and marouane fellaini and chris smalling scored .  the 29 - year - old said the fans were ' magnificent ' and quiet .
a man identified as felix david , 24 , was shot dead by police in new york city .  he was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people in the east village neighborhood .  witnesses at the scene reported hearing a scuffle and then a single gunshot .  two officers involved in the incident suffered head injuries that are not considered serious .
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 , including appearing in cosmopolitan and australian women ' s weekly magazines .  the 177 - centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted by talent scouts in new york city in 2005 .  she was offended at being asked to be a plus - sized model because of her misconceptions about the term .
bianca gascoigne ' s daughter bianca was mugged by a gang of eight .  the 28 - year - old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone , london .  the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought back .  bianca later tweeted : ' beautiful day shame it just got ruined by being robbed by a bunch of lowlifes on bikes ' .
steven gerrard will miss liverpool ' s fa cup quarter - final replay with blackburn because of suspension .  robbie fowler says players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi - finals of the fa cup .  fowler also says raheem sterling should end his contract wrangle and commit his future to the club after he rejected a new deal worth 100 , 000 - a - week .
david raven slotted home the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time as inverness beat celtic 3 - 2 at hampden park .  the 30 - year - old hailed his late winner as ' a dream come true ' ahead of the scottish cup final against falkirk .
west brom are interested in signing nice forward alassane plea .  the former lyon trainee has been capped at various levels by france .  former blackburn defender bryan dabo is also under scrutiny .
state - backed giant lurched to 446million loss for first three months of year . comes after rbs was forced to put aside 856m to cover lawsuits .  also hit with 453million restructuring charge , mainly due to slump in value of premises in the us .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .  footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .  to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27 , 000 times .
cesc fabregas wore a protective mask during chelsea ' s 1 - 0 win over qpr .  the spaniard removed the mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner .  the mask was made by the orthopedic centre in milan , and their craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni .  the 27 - year - old travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted .
john daniel tohill , 37 , was last heard from by his family in 2005 .  but on tuesday his brother tobias received a call from john saying he had would be visiting them in the coming weeks .  the family learned that john had never left the country , had no savings and did not possess a driver ' s licence .
colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , they should jet to barcelona for a break .  but when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured .  he would also snatch instruments from her in surgery and be ' abrupt and rude ' .
shelly nicholas in truth or consequences , new mexico was told to sit in her hot car after someone called to report a dog was inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat .  last year , the pet owner shelly nicholas filed a report against the officers , but body cam footage later revealed it was more of a request than an order .
mike heatlie , 42 , launched violent attack on fiona mccartney , 43 , in edinburgh .  he was once voted as one of the city ' s most eligible bachelors since 1997 .  but ms mccartney is now facing a 7 , 000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer .  heatlie claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u . s tour .
the cage was designed as a ' withdrawal space ' for the 10 - year - old autistic boy .  it was designed for him to as a withdrawal space while in class .  act education minister joy burch said it is a ' horrifying situation ' .
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live - in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his 615 , 000 flat .  he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years .  four months later , he died at the age of 87 .  his family claimed the carer exploited the ' vulnerable ' vulnerable widower , who had parkinson ' s disease and was in poor health .
staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her backyard in the basin , east melbourne , victoria .  the woman suffered a 1 . 5cm to her finger on august 4 in 2012 , which is deemed a ' serious injury ' under the domestic animal act in victorian law .  this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in australia ' s highest court .
nicole mihai has been deported from new zealand after leaving her partner .  the 34 - year - old has been told she must return to romania as she is not a new zealand resident .  she was told she will now have to leave her son , chris , behind .  the immigration agency insist chris ' s future living arrangements are ' not their problem ' .
study by hitched .  co . uk interviewed 1 , 893 newlyweds over the past five years .  couples are shunning religious services when it comes to their big day with services falling from 40 per cent to 35 in the past 10 years .  cupcakes on the up by three per cent since 2011 .
edwin ' jock ' mee is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 .  the divorced father - of - five denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration .  the woman , now 27 , claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy .
scientists have found a system of priming the body  s immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours .  early trials  profoundly retarded  tumour growth in mice .  scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans .
raheem sterling appeared to give his manager brendan rodgers a pat on the back during liverpool ' s training session on thursday morning .  the england international admitted he was ' flattered ' by interest from north london side arsenal .  the 20 - year - old has been linked with a 100 , 000 - a - week contract at anfield .
marcel hirscher slalomed in and out of poles he swerved around .  team had to get up at 4am to set up cameras to capture the rainbow run .  hirscher said : ' we wanted to bring a new , cool element into skiing ' .
nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell - all book about his marriage to mariah carey .  the book is being published by gallery books , an imprint of the high - powered publisher .  mariah rejected nick ' s numerous demands for a $ 30 million divorce settlement so now he ' s writing the book .
sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , fled the flds sect headed by warren jeffs eight years ago and was granted full custody of her children .  but when she tried to pick up her children , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids .  she was met by 600 cult members physically barring the reunion .
steve davis was leading the final 8 - 0 when he missed a shot on the green .  dennis taylor pounced upon the error from davis to overturn the difference and lead 9 - 7 overnight .  the 1985 final was watched by 18 . 5million , a bbc2 record , but it is way behind the most - watched sporting events .
aiko chihira will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language .  it will be set up at the mitsukoshi department store in nihonbashi , tokyo , on monday and tuesday .
the sculpture was commissioned by uktv to celebrate its screening of sherlock .  it took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg .
radical left syriza party says germany owes greece 204bn to compensate it . comes days before greece is obliged to pay 450million euros to the international monetary fund .  more than 40 , 000 people are believed to have starved to death in athens alone .
mario balotelli is the premier league player who receives most abuse online .  chelsea ' s danny welbeck faced 1 , 700 .  in each case , at least 50 per cent of the abuse was racist . liverpool ' s daniel sturridge received 1 , 600 abusive messages , 60 per cent based on gender and just under a fifth about sexual orientation .
duke of kent spotted leaving aberdeen royal infirmary with a walking stick .  the duke ' s cousin , 79 , suffered a dislocated hip during easter trip .  he was taken to hospital on easter monday and spent a night in hospital .  royal highness prince edward walked to daughter lady helen taylor ' s car with walking stick before being driven away .
roy keane will stand trial over alleged road - rage incident with taxi driver .  the 43 - year - old is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to driver fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in altrincham , cheshire .  keane will face trial at manchester magistrates ' court on june 19 .
waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for luke lazarus ' out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18 - year - old woman in an alleyway outside his father ' s soho nightclub .  the mayor of three years said : ' let ' s try and close that loophole ' .  lazarus , 23 , was jailed for at least three years on march 27 after he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the dj before he ushered her into the alleyway .
the specialised 77 brigade is in disarray after failing to enlist right personnel .  earlier this year , it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2 , 000 social media and psychological warfare exponents .  even when fully operational , the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops .  brigadier alastair aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ' social media , financial operations and counter - criminality ' .
raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises in wigan , greater manchester .  one of the thieves used a sledgehammer and an axe to smash through an internal wooden door and the other used a axe .  police have now appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders .
manchester united beat city 4 - 2 at old trafford on sunday .  louis van gaal ' s side have a place in the top four all but assured .  marouane fellaini was public enemy no 1 last season .  ander herrera has been in impressive form for united .
britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the apple watch .  most expensive edition model costs up to 2 , 500 more in the uk than the us .  at the lower end of the scale british buyers pay up to 63 more for the sport model .  in the us , the same model costs $ 349 , but this doesn ' t include sales tax .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a sickening image of a newborn baby pictured next to a grenade , a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate has not been verified .  the image was re - posted to twitter by an anti - isis activist in syria .  it bears a strong resemblance to earlier isis propaganda , such as a baby lying on an isis flag surrounded by weapons .  terror experts have revealed the image is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity , as well as a compelling window into life within their self - declared caliphate .
jeffrey okafor , 24 , is accused of stabbing carl beatson - asiedu , 19 .  the 19 - year - old had been leaving the club with a group of friends .  he then fled to nigeria on his brother ' s passport , a court heard .
chelsea drew 1 - 1 with chelsea in the premier league on saturday .  michael oliver was more decisive when cesc fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from santi cazorla .  oscar was left with a possible concussion and replaced at half time .
jackie mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation he receives a cut of transfer fees for united players sales .  celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed jackie mcnamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice .  ex - united defender mark wilson insists the root of the current crisis at united has been their losing streak - not the manager  s controversial bonus scheme .
dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city .  the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air .  two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was lethal .
wcco this morning reporter ashley roberts was surprised by a proposal from her boyfriend , justin mccray , while she was live on - air .  ashley ' s co - workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after a segment on wedding costs touched on the price of engagement rings .  men spend an average of $ 5 , 855 on the engagement ring .
ukip leader says he expects to recover momentum in run - up to next month ' s election .  ukip has seen support slump from 16 . 75 per cent in november to just 12 . 25 per cent .  farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind tories .
the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135 , 000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20 , 250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university .  the university initially balked at revealing the fee , citing a confidentiality agreement with the revealing agency .  however , the university says its business with the agency is now finished .
xiangnan li , 23 , the boyfriend of tong shaom 20 , went missing in september 2014 .  after a three week search , police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her toyota camry in iowa city .  tong ' s boyfriend , 23 - year - old tong shao , is believed to have been the last person to see her alive , however he bought a one - way ticket to china in the days after his girlfriend went missing .
jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles - based gerontology research group , which tracks the world ' s longest - living people .  gertrude weaver , a 116 - year - old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday .  talley ' s husband died in 1899 and five generations of her family have lived in the detroit area .
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping through a field in bruhl , germany .  they immediately assumed it was a prank and dismissed the strange call .  the owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal ' s fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
kim min hyeok allegedly stamped on mu kanazaki ' s face during a j - league clash .  the 23 - year - old was only shown a yellow card for the challenge .  videos of the south korean defender have gone viral .
the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen .  the citation recognises the 93 - year - old ' s long service to the british monarchy and the commonwealth .  australian prime minister tony abbott said he accepted the decision was a ' captain ' s call ' , and he ' probably overdid it on awards ' .
the image , together with data collected by the european space agency , suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away .  new evidence reveal many new details  including a previously unseen jet from a young star .  they shed about 70 times the mass of the sun every million years or so .  for more stars to form in environments like the pillars of creation , it is a race against time as intense radiation from the powerful stars that are already shining continues to grind away at the pillars .
gable tostee was on bail for the alleged murder of new zealand woman warriena tagpuno wright .  the 29 - year - old was found to be four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase with police across state borders .  the accused murderer continued to drive on the car ' s rims until the chase came to an end after he had crossed the queensland border .  a judge dismissed his appeal and the appeal was dismissed .
tom mctevia , 42 , was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington , 45 , near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county on sunday .  a firefighter reached the first victim ' s body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock .  the second victim was found 1 , 100 feet below the edge , fire rescue said .
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and contract negotiator .  she has never spoken in public since buying chelsea , nor is there any expectation that he will .  she is also abramovich ' s day - to - day link with his football team .
frank mclintock made 403 appearances for arsenal between 1964 and 1973 .  the chile international has scored 20 goals in all competitions .  arsenal face reading in the semi - finals of the fa cup on saturday .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
paramedics were stretched to the limit and in cambridge a territorial army field hospital was set - up to deal with drunk partygoers .  london ambulance service answered 2 , 333 calls by 4am this morning while the metropolitan police said they made 77 arrests .  staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people were taken to hospital .
items on sale at poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets , new research shows .  shoppers can buy a 250g box of kellogs cornflakes for 1 , while at tesco they can buy 750g cereal for the same price .  poundland has snowballed from a small private enterprise into a high street revolution , which involves buying up unwanted stock and end - of - lines .
jennifer williams , of jeff davis county , georgia , said she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ' it doesn ' t mean that i love them any less ' .  indiana governor mike pence signed a ' fix ' to his state ' s religious freedom bill that said it could not be used to discriminate against gay people .
nhs handed out 404 , 500 prescriptions for suncream at cost of 13million .  some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks .  critics said it was ' ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out when the nhs was rationing routine treatments .
lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt .  poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing .  the stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated a safe return from their epic endeavour to raise money for the lewis moody foundation and the royal marines charitable trust fund .
david luiz was nutmegged by luis suarez in psg ' s 3 - 1 defeat to barcelona .  sky sports pundit glenn hoddle believes luiz should not play in central defence again .  luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago .
tim sherwood could move for chris ramsey if he leaves qpr in the summer .  ramsey took over as qpr manager until the end of the season .  ramsey has lost six games out of seven in charge of the london club .
luis enrique has urged his players to shut the champions league out of their minds .  andreas iniesta has been ruled out of his side ' s match against valencia .  real madrid are five points clear at the top of the la liga table .
personal trainer , a london - based fitness company , says there are four tips to help anyone achieve an enviable stomach area .  avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates as these enter your blood stream much faster .  carrying out full body exercises will speed up metabolism and means a person will burn more calories afterwards .
tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates .  it also designed websites of harriet harman , andy burnham and tristram hunt .  tory mps last night claimed labour ' s argentinian link was an ' embarrassment ' .
european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other .  states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid ukraine - pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests .  russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were ' absolutely unacceptable ' .
kelly rutherford , 46 , claims her children were illegally deported from the united states when a new york court awarded custody to her children .  the case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids back to the u . s . she claimed that no other court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent .
bethany farrell , 23 , died on february 17 while scuba diving in queensland ' s whitsundays .  two people who were on the boat when ms farrell died have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances .  a friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted .
software programmer charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess .  if he is right , the heir will have wispy blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old .
the creatures were discovered at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration in a few weeks time .  spider crabs migrate once a year in the port phillip bay area in southern victoria , piling on top of each other to create a moving mound .  the full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday .  they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health .  mrs costello ' s late husband george , the co - owner of costello marine in greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 .
mailonline travel looks at the top hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch .  to add a sun - kissed glow to your locks , simply squeeze citrus juice onto your hair before sitting in the sun .  use your trusty beach reader into a solar - charging device - simply add solar cells .  by adding solar cells to your e reader , you will make it so that you never need to plug it in to charge again .
fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal as atletico madrid limped to a 2 - 2 draw with malaga .  the spanish striker has found goals difficult to come by since his return to the vicente calderon in january .  diego simeone ' s side remain in third place in the la liga table .
an elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave containing the carcasses of 55 greyhounds .  the 71 - year - old man and woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on thursday .  shocking grisly photos show the decomposed bodies and burnt out skeletons of the animals .
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar .  it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat .  video maker , who speaks french , declared it  bataille du chameleons  , or battle of the chamel # # eons .  but the aggressor soon gains the upper hand and takes a huge bite out of his rival , who squirms in pain .
shares in what is now called the bg group rose by nearly 30 % to 1 , 153p .  rise came after royal dutch shell announced plans to buy british gas .  it is one of the biggest takeovers ever .
expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks , known as extra vehicular activities , on gopro cameras outside the iss .  the clip was recorded to give the future iss workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the commercial spacecraft .  the astronauts can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system .
tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior luis velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers .  gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader - willi syndrome ( pws ) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite .
mk dons beat doncaster 3 - 0 to keep heat on top of league one .  dean bowditch scored twice to break doncaster ' s resistance .  preston remain in pole position to join bristol city in the championship .
antolin alcaraz or sylvain distin could get a new deal in the summer .  roberto martinez has not ruled out retaining senior players .  everton boss says his club ' s recruitment team have been searching for targets for six months .
philippe saint - andre has struggled as head coach of les bleus .  the french rugby federation are looking for candidates to replace him .  he will remain in charge for the world cup in england from september 18 to october 31 .
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder ( rbd ) study found half of people with rbd will develop parkinson ' s disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed .
lord greville janner could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia .  the 86 - year - old has been accused of molesting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s .  prosecutors say there is ' overwhelming ' cause to charge him with 22 sex attacks on nine victims - the youngest aged just 10 at the time .  lord janner ' s family has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems , but he could still face civil action from complainants .
prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon this morning .  he said ' it all tastes the same , doesn ' t it ? ' as he added : ' in devon it ' s . .  .  jam first and cream on top ? ' .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game .  when nicholas finished , the 26 - year - old player ran across the court to congratulate him .  and the heartwarming moment was caught on camera .  footage - secured by a spectator and shared on vine - shows nicholas looking confused at first when he ' s caught off - guard and tapped on the shoulder .
barronelle stutzman , 70 , was fined $ 1 , 000 for refusing to sell a same - sex couple with flowers for their 2013 wedding .  she cited her religious beliefs when declining to service their wedding .  the florist was fined in march after refusing to provide a gay couple with the flowers for the wedding .  supporters compare the benefit page to an indiana pizza shop that raised more than $ 800 , 000 after closing when the owner said the shop wouldn ' t cater a gay wedding .
apple is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june .
swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading .  there is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder .  britons have one of the most powerful passports in the world , allowing visa - free access to 174 countries .
pattie boyd married both george harrison and eric clapton at the age of 71 .  she was one of the most envied women in the world and was at the heart of the famous love triangle in rock history .  since settling down with weston , pattie has turned herself into an accomplished photographer .
the prank was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador ' s tourism ministry and ministry of transport and public works .  the tame airline staged the prank in a bid to demonstrate that ecuador should be considered a top tourist destination .  a fake passport control was set up , which even gave out fake stamps for passports .
wigan beat warrington 30 - 20 at the dw stadium on thursday .  dom manfredi scored a hat - trick for the second time in five days .  ben flower was sent off for punching lance hohaia in the opening moments of wigan ' s grand final defeat by st helens last october .
some dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch  s heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings .  tests suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most . this is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin - a process called photoplethysmography - leads the watch to think it has stopped making contact with the skin .
morgan schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .  ronald koeman admits he may have to consider selling nathaniel clyne if he does not sign a new contract .  the 25 - year - old has been linked with a move to arsenal and tottenham .
diego costa forced off injured for chelsea in 2 - 1 win over stoke last weekend .  cesc fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose .  john obi mikel is fit again following a knee injury .
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana , south america , to new york .  authorities said they spotted her ' sweating profusely ' and ' avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search .  after patting her down in a private room , investigators reportedly felt a ' dense hard material ' under her clothes .
david and margaret - ann rous were on an easter getaway when their private plane crashed into a hillside in the scottish highlands .  the couple had arranged a secret visit to see his wife ' s mother and sister on an island in the inner hebrides on saturday .  when the couple failed to turn up at the island  s airstrip and radar could not be made with the plane , a search party was scrambled .
direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details to be removed .  one deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family .  information commissioner ' s office and telephone preference service registered 801 concerns about the company between january 2013 and july last year .
since monday , over - 55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life , known as an annuity .  one major provider reported that customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw their retirement savings  unaware they were three decades too young .  others were unaware they faced a hefty tax bill if they removed all their cash at once .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago .  the band are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up the cash .  source close to the band said : ' they are not appealing the decision ' .
toxicology results released monday show that linden officer pedro abad ' s blood alcohol content was 0 . 24 ; the legal limit in new york is 0 . 08 .  linden officer frank viggiano and friend joe rodriguez were killed ; abad and officer patrik kudlac were critically injured .  abad had two drunken - driving arrests in the last four years , including one for an accident in which he plowed through the wall of a convenience store .
raheem sterling scored liverpool ' s opener in the first half at anfield .  philippe coutinho was sent off for the first time in the second half .  sterling ' s strike was the first in the premier league to be played at the club .
the picture was taken by a student at geelong college , south - west of melbourne .  it is believed to show andrew barr watching pornography while on - the - clock .  mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation included a search of his computer .  geelong college council chairman dr hugh seward said the matter was a serious breach of the school ' s standards .
larry mcelroy , 54 , shot an armadillo in his leesburg backyard on sunday night when he saw the vermin in his backyard .  deputies say he fired 100 - yards away from the animal , but it ricocheted off the animal ' s shell .  the mother - in - law , carol johnson , suffered non - life - threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital .  lee county sheriff ' s department said they recommend using a shotgun to kill vermin .
richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family members .  the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november .  benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s .  shane warne penned a heartfelt tribute on social media calling him ' an absolute gentleman ' .
kim kardashian shared a snap of herself on instagram while decorating colourful easter baskets .  mariah carey appeared to be a dab hand with the cake mix while whipping up late - night treats for her three - year - old twins moroccan and monroe .
foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons .  dubbed a hydrafacial , the treatment uses $ 150 ( 100 ) and uses stem cell from an infant ' s foreskin .  the 30 - minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic - and - glycolic - acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin .
until two years ago , roxy wallace , 50 , was a bodyguard called bob .  he lived a reclusive life , plagued by depression .  bob ' s condition made it impossible to have a meaningful relationship with his son .  roxy finally revealed the truth to her wife jo , 44 , in october 2013 .  she says she is now the ' luckiest woman in the world ' after starting hormone treatment with the full backing of her family .  she hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by christmas .
l ' ardechoise is a quiet , well - established , family friendly site nestled on the banks of the picturesque ardeche river .  it ' s known as the gastronomic centre of france , with four pools and a camp ' animateur ' organising activities for little ones .
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands on friday at a summit of the americas in panama .  the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama ' s project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba , which have been frozen since the 1960s .  speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department ' s list of state terror sponsors .
the wi has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes .  it ' s been a gargantuan undertaking , even by the formidable standards of the women  s institute .  but organisers were astonished to be told that the gesture would incur a  sampling charge  of 2 , 500 because the cake has fallen foul of the hall  s sponsorship rules .
everton beat southampton 1 - 0 in their premier league clash at goodison park .  james mccarthy believes ross barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him .  mccarthy said he thought barkley was ' different class ' despite a mistake .
former teachers of al - taqwa college in melbourne claim principal omar hallak was discriminating against female students .  they claim mr hallak believes there is ' scientific evidence ' to back his claims . the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations .
floyd mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training .  the bath is cooled to - 175f ( - 115c ) using liquid nitrogen .  mayweather was the first person to use the bath in subzero recovery .
ashya king was taken from southampton general hospital by his parents .  the five - year - old was found in spain but released without charge .  staff and officers claimed 12 , 712 . 97 in overtime over six days .  a further 1406 was spent on accommodation , 792 on flights and parking .  ashya ' s grandmother patricia king , 77 , said : ' it ' s disgusting to spend all that money when there ' s crime going on ' .
ashley jiron , owner of p . b . jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant .  she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge .  a customer called greg king noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his instagram page with the hashtag # thatswhatlovelookslike .
kevin pietersen posed for the surrey team photo before the start of the county championship season .  the batsman joked with photographers at the kia oval for the photo session .  pietersen was controversially axed by england ' s managing director in 2014 .  surrey play glamorgan mccu in a mcc university match on sunday .
president barack obama invited the new england patriots to the white house on thursday - but couldn ' t help but get one last deflategate joke in his speech .  head coach bill belichick , who is notoriously humorless , responded by giving the president a thumbs down .  sports commentators speculated that brady snubbed obama because he ' s from the ' wrong political party ' .
a pair of masked men have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year , most recently on april 10 .  they are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads and have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police .  the fbi is offering $ 10 , 000 for information leading to their arrests .
a survation poll for the mail on sunday has shown a swing towards the tories .  english voters are so alarmed they would prefer to get rid of nicola sturgeon .  david cameron has surged ahead by three points in the polls going into the final stage of the election .
poland set to build watchtowers along border to russian exclave of kaliningrad .  towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor 124mile long border .  increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between russia and poland .
asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony .  the 34 - year - old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads .  this was the second time that asma has been attacked in sydney in four years .  asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and many incidents go unreported .
miami herald columnist lesley abravanel told daily mail online exclusively that sources close to dr fredric brandt said he had hanged himself .  the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt ' s death was a suicide by hanging on monday .  dr brandt , 65 , has a striking resemblance to dr brandtff , a character on tina fey ' s netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
sebastian vettel finished 8 . 5 seconds ahead of nico rosberg at the malaysian grand prix on march 29 .  the mercedes team - mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn ' t hamiltonp to victory at the next race in china .  the duo attended mercedes ' brackley base in the hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in shanghai on april 10 - 12 .
the man , believed to be mentally disturbed , was caught on video at pearson international airport in ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol .  he was carrying a black briefcase and can clearly be seen holding on to tight with both hands when he was hit by the taser .  police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight and was then tasered while attempting to get on the plane .
kaka and cyle larin scored for orlando city at providence park .  kaka sealed the win with a penalty in the closing stages of the match .  darlington nagbe proved the timbers biggest threat .  aurelien collin and co stood strong in defence to earn orlando their second away win of the season .
guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival .  liberation day will turn st peter port and jersey ' s capital st helier into swirls of people and music .
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years - long drought in california to ' liberal environmentalists ' .  ' with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided , ' she said during a monday radio interview .
john peacock has named his squad for next month ' s uefa european under - 17 championship in bulgaria .  the young lions beat holland on penalties in the final last year .  they will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .  dasil kane and trent arnold have earned a recall after missing the elite round of qualifiers last month .
exeter chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at sandy park .  thomas waldrom , byron mcguigan , sam hill and dean mumm also on target .  victory means newcastle will take on gloucester in two weeks ' time .
rajul patel , 35 , stole 30 , 000 worth of jewellery and valuables from gym members .  in one spree , he stole a man ' s platinum wedding ring , first - year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet .  he was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout .  patel was jailed for 32 months at isleworth crown court .
johnny depp plays james ' white ' bulger - the notorious boston gangster who topped the fbi ' s most wanted list for 16 years .  the trailer was one of several warner bros screen at cinemacon on thursday .  the rest of the trailer shows flashbacks of bulger ' s darkside : carrying out hits and womanizing .
adam leheup , 34 , was cleared of rape and sexual assault at blackfriars crown court .  he told the jury the woman ' freaked out ' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts .  the self - confessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail .
moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool ' s fan club in pakistan .  the 27 - year - old has been called up for england ' s final two tests in the west indies .  ali posted pictures with liverpool players raheem sterling and emre can on his twitter account .
trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era  as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william .  all 62 items  including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks  have been placed in storage .  even the blood - red walls have been painted white , as if to make clear the break with the past .
robin wright won the best actress award for her role in house of cards .  they met in 1989 just year after he split with madonna .  they spent the best part of two decades in perceived marital bliss .  reem acra is a red carpet favourite and often chosen by the a - list .
greece is due to repay a 330million loan to the international monetary fund .  but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment .  deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said that greece will in fact make the payment on time .
jaye and matthew cox delivered their daughter annabelle prematurely on may 5 last year .  scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida .  she was born weighing just 290 grams at canberra hospital .  her parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived .
sarah harding has turned down the offer twice before .  denise van outen will play max branning ' s new love interest , carin smart .
tristram hunt , labour ' s shadow education secretary , asked if it would be a ' acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school ' .  also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of  unqualified  teachers across the state sector .  ed miliband refused to publicly support labour  s deputy scottish leader , anas sarwar , when he chose to send his son to a . private school in glasgow .
akon guode , 35 , was interviewed by police as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children .  one - year - old bol and twins madit and anger all died after the 4wd they were in crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne ' s outer west on wednesday .  the children ' s mother , akorn manang , was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake .
paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice .  north yorkshire police said the 47 - year - old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation .  miss lawrence was last seen on march 18 , 2009 after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the university of york .
porn site took over the address after awards were scrapped in 2011 .  hsbc has apologised to the public for ' any inconvenience caused ' .
the 1962 aston martin db4 series iii is being sold at bonhams ' aston martin sale .  but the restoration project will cost up to 350 , 000 - meaning who buys it will have to pay 570 , 000 to return it to its former glory .
sir paul and heather mills went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008 .  sir paul , then 59 , and ms mills , daughters of sir paul ' s first wife linda , died of cancer four years later .  in another never - before - seen picture , sir paul acts out a mock striptease in front of his delighted bride .
mils muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault .  the 34 - year - old had come off injured during connacht ' s 14 - 7 defeat by gloucester on friday night .  he was led away by police at kingsholm stadium in connection with an allegation in cardiff in march .
joni mitchell has suffered from morgellons disease for most of her life .  she has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition .  from these sores they claim to sprout colorful fibers that cannot be described and , according to one person , ' cannot be forensically identified as animal , vegetable or mineral ' .  mitchell , who suffered from polio as a child , remains in the hospital , but is said to be in ' good spirits ' .
wesley burton , who worked at kpfa in berkeley , california , was killed in a hit - and - run in the early hours of saturday morning .  the 36 - year - old father - of - three was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury .  emergency personnel attempted life - saving measures , but burton was pronounced dead at the scene .  his wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information to come forward .
clinton will announce her bid to become america ' s first female president on ' sunday afternoon ' .  the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter , according to a democratic party source .  a new hampshire gop political operative who works for a likely candidate who hasn ' t yet launched a campaign added that clinton ' s efforts in the state are ' surprisingly slow ' .
four in 10 households now own one tablet , one fifth have two , and 11 per cent own three or more .  digital advertising hit a record 7 . 2billion .
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in melbourne ' s outer east on april 2 .  they filled a doona cover with $ 38 , 000 worth of cigarettes and lost a third of their loot .  the men are also wanted for a series of break - ins on at least five different establishments in the area .
kevin pietersen has returned to the lv = county championship .  the 34 - year - old only managed 19 runs against glamorgan on sunday .  mike gatting believes pietersen should not walk straight back .
footage shows three - year - old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table .  but instead of digging into the seafood feast , he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought .  his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ' little legs chopped ' .
esther mcvey won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2 , 436 .  employment minister also had an election song about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell .  miss mcvey said she is one of a number of women sat around the table who knows how to have her voice heard .
nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ' chip in a bit ' to protect services in areas where one in 10 homes are vacant .  well - off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values , leaving local people priced out of areas where they grew up .  councils in cornwall , cornwall and devon have said they would be interested in the idea to ' discourage ' second homeowners .
ed miliband initially suggested he would ' abolish ' the non - domicile status on wednesday .  but it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of two and five years .  it ' s claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital ' s property market .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released from the jefferson county jail in birmingham on friday morning after a decades - long fight to prove his innocence .  as he walked free , he declared : ' the sun do shine ! ' .  hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home and determine he could not be linked to the crime .
nico rosberg missed out on pole - sitter lewis hamilton by just 0 . 042secs .  the german has now been out - qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season .  rosberg said : ' it was not ideal to put me under pressure like that ' .
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near shahpur .  it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google ' s map maker , although this hasn ' t been confirmed .  these additions are meant to be moderated , but it appears this latest edit was missed .  google often places so - called easter eggs , or hidden features , within its maps and search engine such as the recent pac - man game .
bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw said clarkson ' will be back on the bbc ' .  she said there was ' no ban on jeremy being on bbc ' and ' needs some time ' .  final scenes filmed before clarkson ' s sacking will be aired this summer .  clarkson was sacked from top gear just last month after public sacking .
watford beat brighton 2 - 0 at the amex stadium in the championship .  slavisa jokanovic ' s men were hoping to win promotion back to the premier league .  watford will now return to the top flight for the first time since the 2006 - 07 campaign .  tommie hoban has called the club ' s promotion an ' unbelievable achievement ' .
sean bowen maintained his three - winner lead ( 45 - 42 ) over cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the fiercely contested conditional jockeys title race .  the season ends at sandown on saturday .  hootenanny won the windsor castle stakes at the 2104 royal meeting with sunset glow second in the albany stakes .
alexander meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .  the eintracht frankfurt forward will have surgery on his patellar tendon .  arjen robben ( 17 ) and robert lewandowski ( 16 ) are also out with an injury .
the university , in ohio , took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman ' s behind on march 21 .  at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar .  a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave .  jans recently led the team to its first postseason win in 40 years .
the 40 - year - old ' s son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate .
jurors have started deliberations in the case against pedro hernandez , who is accused of killing 6 - year - old etan patz in 1979 .  hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades .  etan ' s body was never found , nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings .  defense says the admissions are made up , the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low iq .
janet street - porter posted picture on twitter with caption ' just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' .  the uk is home to a rich and raucous tradition of political satire .  all the pollsters agree that the snp is destined to win the vast majority of the seats north of the border in the general election , crushing the tories and trouncing labour .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .  downton was fired by new ecb chief executive tom harrison after a ring - round to each of the 14 members of the governing body ' s management board .  former england captain michael vaughan ' s successor as england captain , andrew strauss , is also thought to be a contender .
manuel pellegrini ' s team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements .  city stars such as sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure could miss out on a big payday if they finish fifth .  city are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of liverpool .
jordan morris is the first university student to be picked by usa in two decades .  the 20 - year - old pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender mario osuna in the second minute .  juan agudelo replaced morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later .
labour has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month .  tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent according to pollsters ipsos mori .  only a third of the public see the labour leader as a ' capable leader ' .  ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on just 10 per cent .
the stars of martin scorsese ' s classic 1990 gangster film goodfellas reunited in new york on saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie which brought the 14th annual tribeca film festival to a close .  stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance .
temitope adebamiro , 35 , was charged with first - degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear , delaware , early on thursday morning because of an ' unknown problem ' .  when they arrived at the home around 12 : 40am , they found adeyinka unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes .
the 50 - foot whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday .  it ' s unclear how the whale died but it doesn ' t appear to have broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma .  the results of an autopsy are pending .
robert durst , 72 , was arrested at the jw marriott hotel in new orleans on a los angeles county warrant that accused him of killing his friend susan berman in 2000 .  authorities found $ 44 , 000 , marijuana and a revolver at durst ' s hotel room , according to legal papers filed wednesday .  they also found maps of florida and cuba , leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from the kosovan capital of pristina , is in his final year studying business informatics .  thanks to his similarity to the one direction singer , he boasts almost 40 , 000 followers on his instagram page .
swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker , 49 . 99 .  removable bowl has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine , then add the mixing arm , pop on the lid , and turn it on .
tim sherwood believes tottenham need to keep pace with harry kane .  kane has scored 29 goals so far this season and also netted on his england debut in march .  sherwood believes kane will be ' outgrowing a club the size of tottenham ' .
millions of devout christians have been commemorating the final days of jesus christ by taking part in awe - inspiring celebrations .  the festival , which marks the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of jesus , has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents .  thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self - flagellation .
many of the super - rich are having them built  complete with huge comfy seats and cup - holders , eardrum - blasting surround - sound systems , massive screens and even cocktail bars .  celebrities with a home cinema include benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich .
vit jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the czech republic ' s conservative party of free citizens .  he says he is entitled to take control of the apparently ' unclaimed ' territory .  if liberland is ever recognised it will become the third smallest sovereign state in the world .
dustin johnson was the first man ever to have three eagles in one round .  the 21 - year - old is the first first - round leader in masters history .  justin rose and paul casey are on the same mark as johnson .
the former illinois governor has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician .  blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama ' s u . s . senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 .
dr fredric brandt , 65 , was found hanged in his miami mansion on sunday .  his wife tina fey ' s husband jeff richmond , who is an executive producer on unbreakable kimmy schmidt ' s show , said he was ' definitely hurt ' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the netflix show .
delonte ' martistee ' , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between march 10 - 12 .  the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details .  the video was uncovered on a cell phone during an investigation into a shooting in troy , alabama .
carolyn thorpe was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in hiers - brouage .  the 62 - year - old tree crushed and crushed her to death in 2007 .  her daughter sarah wright was also injured by the american ash tree .  an investigation found it was ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood .
more than 160 melon - headed whales washed onto two beaches at hokato city .  fears appeared to be based on appearance of 50 whales six days before undersea earthquake in 2011 that caused a tsunami and left 19 , 000 dead .  experts have dismissed the claims as being ' unscientific ' .
the unidentified family - a mother , 42 - year - old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds .  tulsa police said ' based on the physical evidence inside the house ' indicates the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself .  officers found a handgun near the body of the father and are not seeking other suspects .  neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe .
gavin tobeck of lacey , washington suffered from a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets .  the four - year - old also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds .  he was released late on tuesday and has now returned to a normal life .  smash is scheduled to be euthanized by thurston county animal service on saturday at the tobecks ' request .
the password , 166816 , is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers .  the unidentified vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990 .  this potentailly puts the devices at risk of being a target of a security breach .
pema lama , 15 , was rescued from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu .  he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a brace around his neck .  american disaster response team had been working for several hours to try to free the boy .
attorney - turned - cook and activist joan cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her charity food truck .
bob heslip , 50 , suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1 , or nf - 1 , which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble - like bumps to appear all over his body .  however , he says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the venice beach freakshow .
the sandstorm wrecked havoc across the area last week , causing traffic accidents , the cancellation of hundreds of flights and breathing difficulties among residents .  on april 1 , the following day , it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in dubai .  more than 450 saudi arabian airlines flights were cancelled between wednesday and friday - which equals 33 per cent of the carrier ' s 1 , 526 scheduled flights .
robert downey jr was asked what he thought of alejandro gonzalez inarritu ' s claim that superhero movies were ' cultural genocide ' .  the 50 - year - old said : ' look i respect the heck out of him .  i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like cultural genocide just speaks to how bright he is ' .  it sparked a furious backlash on twitter , with some calling it ' racist ' and ' ignorant ' .
the proms will take place on july 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 ' s broadcasts from ibiza .  dj pete tong will pay ' homage to ibiza and its infectious , energetic brand of club music ' .  live music at the so - called pete tong prom will be played by the jules buckley heritage orchestra , which has worked with pop stars such as arctic monkeys , professor green and basement jaxx .
robert penny , 83 , appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday .  he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret .  the women were found badly beaten , repeatedly stabbed , with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps .  penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes .
kim kardashian ' s 352 - page collection of selfies sold out less than a minute after going on sale .  gilt . com offered fans a special pre - sale of copies on thursday afternoon .  kim took to twitter to thank her fans for their support , saying : ' thanks to everyone who got a copy of selfish on gilt ! crazy it sold out in one minute ! ' .
led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina .  this is the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness .  dr celia sanchez - ramos says modern led screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology .  in extreme cases , it may lead to macular degeneration , which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision .
manchester united beat west ham united 1 - 0 at the etihad stadium .  josh harrop scored the only goal of the game .  adnan januzaj captained manchester united under 21s .
steve clarke has never beaten arsene wenger as a manager .  reading have struggled in the championship this season .  clarke has challenged his players to make history by getting to the fa cup final for the first time .
andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on fighting .  he suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds in shyrokyne .  he was taken to hospital where he later regained consciousness .
internals reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor s5 .  teardown shows , from the front , the screen , logic board holder , battery , camera , rear case and antenna . comes with samsung ' s shannon modem chip , u . s . phone carrierat & t said on its website .
rachel chepulis , 26 , was arrested with wesley e . brown iii in north dakota .  brown , 35 , was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm .
almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .  most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .  cyber - security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
chandni nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession to do well at school , an inquest heard .  she would stay up late studying , resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety .  miss nigam had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a tuesday to take her life .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 2 at old trafford on sunday .  louis van gaal ' s men are four points clear of their cross - town rivals .  marouane fellaini has been key in united ' s recent run of form .
justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois , on saturday afternoon .  his mother , latoya howell , said justus wanted to be a surgeon .
harry dowd played 181 games in nine years at manchester city .  the salford - born keeper joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 .  dowd was succeeded at city by joe corrigan but continued working as a plumber .
andres iniesta is renting out his charming barcelona vineyard on airbnb .  the world class midfielder took to twitter to advise that his vineyard can be rented out .  it ' s a snip of a price to tread paths made by one of the beautiful game ' s best players at 125 ( 90 ) a night .  guests will also be advised of the surrounding area so they can explore for themselves .
andy murray and tomas berdych meet in the miami open semi - final .  the pair met at the same stage of the australian open in january .  fitness trainer jez green and coach danny vallverdu left murray to join murray ' s team .
aljaz bedene has booked a quarter - final place at the grand prix hassan ii event in casablanca .  british no 2 defeated arthur de greef 6 - 2 , 6 - 3 in just 70 minutes .  the 25 - year - old will now face third seed jiri vesely .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
hoda muthana , 20 , spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in hoover , alabama , after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a muslim .  now the radicalized former student has called for drive - by shootings in america on memorial day and for blood to be spilled .  she said she feels all true muslims must join her and wage war on the west .
umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of thursday ' s game at chicago ' s u . s . cellular field , illinois .  a heated exchange between royals starter yordano ventura and white sox outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl .  several punches were thrown and kansas city ' s mike moustakas was also hit in the arm .
debra and dale krein of rogue river , oregon have been awarded $ 240 , 000 compensation for more than a decade of disquiet .  the oregon couple filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs .  john updegraff and karen szewc were cited by jackson county animal control in 2002 and 2004 for violating public nuisance codes .
harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season .  the tottenham striker has broken through into the first team during a remarkable season .  kane is up against eden hazard and alexis sanchez for the top prize .
four in ten britons have an average 77 of unwanted good because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy .  a fifth ( 21 per cent ) are too busy , believing that it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time , suggesting time is put ahead of hard earned cash .
the state of oregon on friday released 94 , 000 emails involving cylvia hayes , the fiancee of former governor john kitzhaber .  hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees .  the fbi is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records .
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married .  ' i didn ' t think that it was too big for god , ' she said .
the fa blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc .  the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6 . 9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky .  louis van gaal has banned his players from stopping at the permanent fast food van on the road .
russell henley flew in for master ' s golf tournament in georgia last sunday .  the pro - golfer didn ' t have a meltdown on twitter and used his social media site to point out that he had a ' tourney ' to play in this week .  naomi campbell flew into a rage when her suitcases were not loaded onto her plane and demanded the captain find them to her .  henley was quick to thank the airline and even apologised ' for the mix - up ' .
thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire .  he demanded cashier staff and asked them to hand over money .  the man , whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages , then fled .  police say a 56 - year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners - up behind joachim low at the ballon d ' or in january .  joachim low won the best coach award for guiding germany to the world cup .  real madrid face atletico madrid at the bernabeu on sunday .
the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co . pipe carrying natural gas exploded into a tower of fire on friday .  it was not clear what caused the explosion at the fresno county sheriff ' s gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt .  eleven people were injured , three critically , in the explosion .  the driver of the front - loader was a county public works employee who had been working at the shooting range all day working on a tall berm that confines gunfire to the range .
sean dyche insists he is ' enjoying the challenge ' at turf moor .  the burnley boss has been tipped to replace steve mcclaren at derby .  arsenal fans called for arsene wenger to be sacked .
the hmas choules has been employed by the navy to hand the asylum seekers back to their communist government .  the operation could cost $ 2 . 8 million to operate for the two - week return journey to vietnam .  it is understood that the detainees were intercepted earlier in april , and are being returned through the port of vung tau , south of ho chi minh city .  immigration minister peter dutton said in january that 15 boats and 429 asylum seekers had been prevented from entering australian waters .
arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade - chamberlain ' s groin problems . the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain .  the root cause of the complaint remains unclear , with club doctors trying to establish a permanent cure for the problem .  arsenal are close to signing 16 - year - old maxi romero for 4 . 5million .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
darren jones , who is standing for bristol north west , was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs .  the 28 - year - old approached presenter ellie pitt , taking off his glasses before collapsing in front of the studio audience seconds before they were due to go on air .  the channel was forced to cut to commercials as the labour candidate recovered on the studio floor .
under the pact , no public holiday is triggered when anzac day falls on a saturday , as it does this year .  western australia and some public servants in canberra have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick due to the lack of an anzac day public holiday .  in queensland alone , losses to businesses are estimated at more than $ 7 . 5 million if an expected 20 , 000 workers call in sick .
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock .  as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road .  despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury .
elijah cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear 75 decibels in his right .
x factor finalist , 19 , has been revealed as face of dry shampoo brand batiste .  images shows singer stood against a blurred and vibrant city background .  this will mark the star ' s first brand collaboration .
people with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier .  the condition causes the muscles in the airway to contract during sleep .  the onset of alzheimer ' s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and four children were caught on cctv boarding a cross - channel ferry from dover earlier this month .  thames valley police believed they arrived in calais , france , before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria .  turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in ankara .
the 33 - year - old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter , mila , who turns two later this month .
fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage .  the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons who replaced felix magath in september .  khan has given his chief football officer mike rigg the power to choose west ' s next manager .
summer robertson , 21 , died after being overpowered by fierce currents .  she had been helping youngsters in one of south africa ' s poorest townships .  miss robertson was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10 - week charity adventure at a remote camping resort .  another volunteer , 19 - year - old alice barnett , also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later .
lillian roldan says she dated cleveland kidnapper ariel castro from 2000 to 2003 .  she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner .  however , she says he did keep his basement padlocked and ' didn ' t want his kids to steal it ' .
christine lynn smith , 50 , was arrested on tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three cats were found decomposing in her former home .  the 50 - year - old ' s home in macon , georgia was recently auctioned off to a new owner , but had been fired within her six - month probationary period .
scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming .  the discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system .  experts believe comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded the young earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve .
samantha cameron picked up a paintbrush to help at the growing zone allotment project , a community project for children and adults with special needs .  she was introduced to various activities by june perkin , who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families and youngsters .  mrs cameron said the best thing about a campaign is ' getting out and about - meeting amazing people like june ' .
nancy perry will no longer teach again at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year .  perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who support him couldn ' t be christian , either .  a 12 - year - old boy in perry ' s class brought the matter to the attention of his father , jimmie scott , who complained to the school .
whitney fetters , 28 , has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and one count of possession of marijuana .  the spanish teacher allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house - sitting ' so they could get high and have sex ' .
peter kelly , who leaves behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine , was stabbed in the chest on tuesday night at the st croix river in minnesota .  one of the teenagers , levi acre - kendall , was charged with one count of first - degree reckless homicide on friday by the polk county attorney ' s office .
tony fernandes was watching the 3 - 3 draw at villa park from his iphone .  christian benteke ' s hat - trick earned a draw for villa , with his last goal .  matt phillips had earlier given qpr the lead in the first half but taking all three points wasn ' t to be for the relegation - threatened visitors and they had to settle for a point .
myer has announced it is holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from wednesday 22nd .  the department store is understood to have brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as european and american retailers .  the move comes at a time when there is a greater need to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing .
colin mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only 10 on friday night at the fast food restaurant in coolalinga near darwin .  the man ' s 22 - year - old girlfriend , rachael sheppard , said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in darwin .  a woman behind the wheel allegedly tried to ram her as they ran for cover .
sam holtz , a 12 - year - old sixth grader from illinois , beat out 11 . 5million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge on monday .  for this impressive feat , sam gets bragging rights and an amazing sense of accomplishment .  but not the actual grand prize of a $ 20 , 000 best buy gift card and an all - inclusive trip for two to the maui jim maui invitational college basketball tournament in hawaii this november .
sir alex ferguson enjoyed a trophy - laden 26 - and - a - half years in the manchester united hotseat between 1986 - 2013 .  the 73 - year - old was appointed as the red devils manager in 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012 - 13 season aged 71 .  ferguson ' s honours include 13 premier league titles and two champions league successes .
laura robson shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival .  the 21 - year - old has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence .  robson ' s last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round where she was swept aside in straight sets by kirtsen flipkens .
marion ' suge ' knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on thursday that he will stand trial for murder and attempted murder charges .  the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other .  the judge also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million .
morrisons beat major hotel , restaurant and pub chains to win britain ' s best breakfast . supermarket picked out for its value for money , food quality and customer satisfaction .  previous winners include marriott and intercontinental hotel groups .
alastair cook feared jonathan trott ' s international career was over 18 months ago .  trott dramatically left the 2013 / 14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a ' stress - related condition ' .  the pair are now heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies this month and should get a first chance against a st kitts & nevis invitation xi on monday .
trevor noah has known dani gabriel for at least four years and it ' s believed they began dating early in 2014 .  the pair have known each other for four years , and have known a heart - to - heart about his future plans .  a source close to noah told daily mail online : ' dani is an ex - girlfriend .  they decided to go their separate ways and are not together anymore ' .  gabriel , 28 , runs her own physiotherapist practice in cape town .
the 25 - year - old athlete was found guilty of first - degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .  a jury panel in fall river , massachusetts , spent 36 hours deliberating hernandez  s fate before returning a guilty verdict .  a date for the hernandez appeal wasn ' t immediately set .
anti - fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation - like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .
victoria prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled about homeless people who had served in the armed forces .  she later told reporters she challenged mr cameron because she wanted people to question ' the 1 per cent at the top ' who she claimed were not working in the country ' s interests .  she was later removed from the studio and said : ' i ' m sorry , but i have to speak out ' .
girls aged between 16 and 18 are being trained by former special forces solider inspector tan .  each of the girls shout the words ' kill , stab , slash and jab ' as they work their way through various self - defence movements .  every female student undergoes some form of self defence training to assist them in identifying dangerous situations .
eloise aimee parry , 21 , died after taking eight more than the fatal dose .  she died this month after buying it online to slim down .  five others have died since 2008 after buying the drug online .  some promise next - day delivery , while others offer free samples for those who want to ' try before they buy ' .
four minnesota men charged with traveling or attempting to travel to syria to join isis .  they are among six men of somali descent charged with conspiracy to support a foreign terrorist organization and attempting to get to syria himself .  families of the boys , including 19 - year - old zacharia yusuf abdihamid farah , claim they came to the country for peace .
filomena d ' alessandro and bill green have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on maroubra beach on november 30 , 2014 .  the couple , who were married last year , have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give her a ' destitute burial ' .  the infant was dug up about 50 metres from the closest footpath leading off the beach .
robert downey jr promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles to join him on the red carpet for marvel : age of ultron .  his offer was up for grabs via $ 10 ( 6 . 80 ) raffle tickets and raised money for children ' s hospice julia ' s house .  dorset - based charity will use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire .
john marshall , son of director noel marshall who was married to tippi hedren , is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents , roar .  the dad was a f * * * king * * hole to do that to his family , ' says marshall .  the film centered around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions , tigers , cheetahs and tigers .
brae carnes of victoria , british columbia is protesting an amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill .  she has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changes in men ' s public bathroomss .  this to protest a proposed amendment that would allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender .
sir frank kitson , 88 , is accused in the case of patrick eugene heenan .  he was killed when paramilitaries threw a grenade at a minibus in belfast . sir frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in northern ireland at the time of the murder .
many smartphones on sale today - including apple  s iphones , samsung  s galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built - in fm chips .  nearly two thirds of these devices don ' t have the feature activated .  now the radio industry , faced with the rise of digital radio , are calling for this to change .  broadcasters , including the bbc , are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the fm chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature .
fifa presidential candidate luis figo does not believe sepp blatter will receive all 54 votes from african nations .  the former portugal international said he did not believe all africa was solidly behind the incumbent .  figo and michael van pragg are both opposing blat ' s re - election .
indian creek island road , the most exclusive area in miami , boasts a median house price of $ 21 . 48million .  the area ' s tiny population of 86 includes four of america  s top 500 richest people , according to forbes .  each property boasts waterfront locations and stunning views , but the most sought after attributes is the security .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , went missing on march 30 , 2012 .  they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health . iona ' s husband george , 63 , died from a heart attack in 2012 .
carwyn scott - howell fell to his death while on holiday in the alps .  his mother ceri , nine - year - old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 , died .  footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body .
emmanuel adebayor could be allowed to leave tottenham on a free transfer .  the togolese striker has proved a massive financial burden .  tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his current 5 . 2million - per - season salary .
steve spowart helped the horses ' owner , sonia sharrock , to lead the animals to safety near dungog , a small town in the nsw hunter valley region .  the man was helped by two women as he paddled out to where the horses were stranded , with concentration etched on his face .  on wednesday , the nsw premier called on flood victims to ' hang tough ' as the storm slowly moved down the south coast .
man , 25 , was born at luton and dunstable hospital in september 1989 .  was readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage .  maternity staff failed to administer a vitamin k injection shortly after birth .  secretary of state for health admitted liability , accepting failure to give man vitamin k breached their duty of care .  he now requires 24 - hour care and will do for the rest of his life .
liam linford oliver - christie , 29 , was caught with drugs under his floorboards .  officers uncovered the haul and ' drugs paraphernalia ' with help of sniffer dog .  he today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs at isleworth crown court .  he was jailed for 15 months at same court in august 2012 for ' turning blind eye ' to drug dealing at his home .
robert bates , 73 , has been charged with second - degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 .  a memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about bates when he arrived at the tulsa sheriff ' s office .  documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed bates .  he was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops .
former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has reportedly been detained at darwin airport .  the 43 - year - old is believed to have been fighting isis in the middle east . he was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . he left behind his wife andrea and three young sons , aged between three and 11 .  he is also head of the nt labor party , though he was suspended from his role after his disappearance .
dontrell stephens didn ' t die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff ' s office deputy adam lin .  the then - 20 - year - old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting .  stephens has a record for possessing cocaine .
phynova joint and muscle relief contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis .  before having hip replacements for arthritis he used another herb , devil ' s claw , as a remedy for joint pain .  dr mike dixon says he is a ' fan ' of herbal medicines because they are ' safe ' .
video appears to show rihanna holding a suspicious object .  after the camera cuts to her pals , it then pans back to rihanna .  speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video .
a woman who boarded the driver ' s bus in ozone park , queens , recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road .  she was ' shocked ' that the driver continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus , in which all the seats were full .  the bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance during the weekend .  new york city adopted new laws last year as part of an effort to eliminate traffic accidents .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10 . 30pm on saturday .  the assistant secretary general of the jamaat - e - islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war .  his execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency .  the country  s supreme court rejected his final legal appeal against the death sentence , which he received in may 2013 .
kevin franklin , of dunstable , bedfordshire , says he will switch his lights on tonight .  the 53 - year - old put the lights up on his council house last november in preparation for autism awareness month .  but he didn ' t take them down in january because he wanted to switch the lights on again in april for autism week .  the continued presence of the lights in recent weeks has angered neighbours .  mr franklin has been medically retired from work after suffering two strokes and a heart attack .
sir ian botham is england ' s leading wicket - taker for the time being .  graeme swann reveals how he used to wind him up .  moeen ali has been called up for the next test in grenada .
fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev gets down on one knee to propose to katerina keyru .  the 23 - year - old then presented his bride - to - be with a huge bouquet of flowers .
tiger woods was playing out of the augusta pines at the ninth hole .  the old tiger found a root at full pelt on his follow through .  woods claimed that a bone popped out in his arm , but he reset it .
two - thirds of family doctors polled do not think their own practice should open on weekends .  british medical association also found 63 per cent were opposed to forming networks with other surgeries to open seven days a week .
the keshwa chaca spans the apurimac river near huinchiri , peru , in the province of canas .  it is estimated that the inca kingdom was connected by some 200 , all made by hand .
gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , became the world ' s oldest person on wednesday following the death of 117 - year - old misao okawa in japan .  she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .  weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice .
charlie bothuell , 13 , was found in the basement of his family ' s detroit townhouse last june following an 11 - day search .  he said his home was a ' very terrible ' place where he was beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children .  on tuesday , he testified against his father and stepmother in court , saying ' it was a very terrible place to be ' .
hagrid the lamb was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers .  his owners believe he is the biggest ever born in the uk at 25lbs .  he was born naturally on tuesday and his mother is in remarkably good condition .
oriol romeu is currently on loan at stuttgart from stuttgart .  he predicts the scores for the weekend ' s premier league and fa cup matches .  chelsea welcome manchester united to stamford bridge on saturday .
franck ribery says kevin de bruyne is the wrong type of player for bayern munich .  the 23 - year - old has 16 assists and nine goals this season .  ribery has been linked with moves away from the bundesliga leaders .
mark o ' meara carded a 68 on day two and ensured he will still be in the running at the weekend .  the 58 - year - old american is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 .  ben crenshaw is the second oldest golfer competing at the masters .
furious 7 won the box office for the third week in a row with an estimated $ 29 . 1 million .  this brings the fast car sequel ' s domestic total to $ 294 million , well above the $ 202 . 8 million that fast & furious 6 had earned at the same point in 2013 .
frank knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the championship ' s basement club .  the pensioner is a lifelong fan of the seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year .  supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to 15 , 000 in under three days .
rachel sandridge , 29 , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs .  but she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy to examine her digestive tract .  she was then told cancer had been found in her stomach .
pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer .  the 31 - year - old accessorised her look with a black tote , 159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses .
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth .  they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles ( 300km ) up into space .  it would then fire high - energy beams back at earth ' s atmosphere .  accelerator would be three times stronger than anything like it before .
jimmy white ' s bid to play in the world snooker championship ended on monday .  the 52 - year - old lost 10 - 8 to matthew selt in qualifying in sheffield .
danny ings is set to leave liverpool at the end of the season .  manchester city , manchester city and real sociedad remain in the frame .  james milner is also a target for arsenal and everton .  asier illarramendi may depart real madrid this summer .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
rumours suggest apple is about to abandon the 6s later this year in favour of going straight for the iphone 7 .  this difference may seem slight but it suggests the next model of iphone could be substantial improvement on iphone 6 range .  claims were made by kgi securities analyst ming - chi kuo during a note to investors on tuesday .  he said the next - generation iphone will feature force touch , recently added to the apple watch and new macbook .
ed miliband accused of stooping to a ' shameful ' new low by blaming david cameron for the mediterranean refugee crisis .  the labour leader said the crisis was ' in part a direct result ' of mr cameron ' s foreign policy .  the prime minister announced the deployment of one of britain ' s biggest warships as part of beefed - up efforts to prevent more refugees packing onto tiny boats .  up to 1 , 750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach europe this year .
as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , jordan spieth , 21 , wrote the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition .  in the thank you note , the grateful golfer wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at madison square garden .  the heavyweight champion is one win away from larry holmes ' 19 defences .  he is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by joe louis in 2006 .  until deontay wilder ' s victory over bermane stiverne on january 17 , no american held a piece of the title since 2006 .
damon albarn said modern pop stars are part of a ' selfie generation ' that just sings about platitudes .  the 47 - year - old was once the driving force behind britpop in the 1990s .  he became known for his public spat with oasis ' gallagher brothers .
those killed were nursing students at georgia southern university in statesboro , about 30 miles from the crash site .  the tractor - trailer plowed into an suv , then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames .  three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged .  the students were commuting to st . joseph ' s hospital in savannah for their last day of training of the school year .
' freestyle aerobic workout ' is inspired by the era of old - school vhs workouts made famous by jane fonda .
dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else .
madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm this month .  her husband marcus , 95 , passed away at 9 . 30pm on april 7 .  madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband ' s bedside .
the motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset on tuesday morning .  he swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost , smashing the rear into townleyere and spilling the contents across the road .  the accident closed the road for several hours as police cleared up the debris and questioned the driver .
richard attenborough ' s possessions will be sold at auction house bonhams .  they are mementoes of a brilliant career in movies , including brighton rock , the great escape and 10 rillington place .  one of the most prized items is the cane used by hammond in jurassic park , which is estimated to sell for 5 , 000 .
kevin bowes , 53 , lost several teeth , had four ' avoidable ' root canal treatments .  the semi - retired teacher at a specialist children ' s unit said his life had been changed forever , revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the decay .  mr bowes has won 30 , 000 in an out - of - court settlement after a two - year battle with dr crees .
the election means that half of the six - member city council in ferguson , a town where two - thirds of the 21 , 000 residents are black , will now be african - american .  this just over one month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city .
alison saunders , director of public prosecutions , said she was ' not afraid ' of a legal challenge over her decision not to charge lord janner .  she said she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia .  three investigations into claims made by 25 alleged victims over 25 years were botched - but it was now too late to charge him .  victims and leading politicians have accused her of ' damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling .
officials in buzim , north west bosnia , said their home should be known as the ' town of twins ' due to the high number of multiple births .  local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992 - 95 civil war .  now the town ' s mayor agan bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area which relies on raspberries and chestnuts .
fabio borini came on as a second - half substitute in liverpool ' s 2 - 0 win against newcastle at anfield on monday .  the former swansea striker took to social media to share pictures of his day out at go ape in delamere forest park .  borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the reds this season .
aaron hernandez was a key part of the new england patriots offense .  he had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $ 1 . 5million mansion .  but even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013 , he was not the golden boy he seemed to be .  the 25 - year - old has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other .
robert cusanelli of boston ' s whdh - tv was banned from the bristol county courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the ' purpose of reporting this case ' .  two jurors informed the court thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a ford explorer .  one took a picture of its license plate and thought he wasn ' t doing anything wrong .
denis cuspert , 39 , sings about planning attacks in britain , germany and france .  he sings : ' in france deeds were done , in germany the sleepers are waiting .  we want your bloo .  anzac day , which takes place on april 25 , honours australian and new zealand soldiers who have died in war .
mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring for new york city in the second half .  david villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time .  city fans have been quick to adopt city ' s plans for international breaks .
hugo mbaeri , 25 , allegedly handed over customer names , account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while working at nationwide building society .  he is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey .  the alleged ringleader of the scheme , olawabiyi ayanwale , who is not before the court , set up standing orders by impersonating the victims , it is said .
manchester united ' s 750m kit deal with the club will expire on july 31 .  some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re - employed , blaming the us sportswear giants for the issue .  united are yet to make an announcement about the megastore after they kept hold of the rights as part of their huge deal with adidas .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 in their premier league clash .  eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute .  branislav ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking marouane fellaini .  jose mourinho ' s side extended their lead at the top of the standings .
carl bradey lost everything he owned in a raging house fire last month .  the 25 - year - old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend .  bradey has undergone four major operations , including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein .  it took fire fighters 30 minutes to extinguish the fire , which gutted bradey ' s house and car .
psv eindhoven won the eredivisie championship with three games to spare .  memphis depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in holland .  the 21 - year - old is the top goalscorer , without even being psv ' s main forward .
kennth crowder was arrested in melbourne , florida , on friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god .  he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a law - enforcement officer .  the 41 - year - old was arrested on charges of battery on a police officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon .  the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j . t . mcgarr in 1980 .  but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .
louis van gaal snapped with manchester city women ' s players toni duggan and isobel christiansen at wing ' s restaurant .  duggan has since removed the photo from instagram and issued an apology on facebook .  manchester united lost 4 - 2 to city at old trafford on sunday night .
theodosia aresti , 71 , moved into a new - build flat in london five years ago .  she noticed a foul smell coming from her bathroom and discovered an unidentifiable brown substance bubbling up through the plughole in her bath .  ' when the man arrived , it was too late .  everything was ruined , ' she said .
solar probe plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star .  during the closest passes around the sun , temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2 , 500 degrees fahrenheit .  the launch window opens for 20 days starting on july 31 , 2018 .  over 24 orbits , the mission will use seven flybys of venus to reduce its distance from the sun .
sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a hillside where he was abandoned without food and water .  his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days .  but sally ' s love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable .
senators voted 19 - 0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran .  it now goes to the full senate , where it is could pass with a veto - proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers .
a dad created a t - shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter .  the image was first shared on reddit under the headline ' dad security ' .  kit dale , a two - time world pro brazilian jiu - jiu champion , shared the image to his facebook page on sunday .
jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , and kelly bardier , 33 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county , florida full - time for the last 18 months .  they have been together since october last year .  the church said they ' felt the need ' to let both women go .
law enforcement were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1 : 30am where the 50 - year - old reality star was hanging out at the polo lounge .  the mother - of - four was refused service by a bartender after she ' d had a few too many vodka tonics .  she then became angry saying ' don ' t you know who i am ? ' .
in 1992 , a drug enforcement agency monitored every telephone call made from the u . s . to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking , including almost every country in both north and south america .  this is now the oldest known example of the american government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country .  the goal was to infiltrate drug trafficking rings , especially those that were previously unknown to the dea and federal government .
u .  s . president barack obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran ' s contested nuclear program .  he said he expects a ' robust debate ' on the deal in the united states .  many of obama ' s republican opponents in congress have been skeptical of the deal .
kelvin day is three shots off the lead at the shell houston open .  the 27 - year - old finished tied sixth to earn his place on the web .  he is just three shots on the lead held by jordan spieth .
britain ' s five highest - earning nhs dentists are paid average of 690 , 000 .  a further 11 dentists were paid between 400 , 000 and 500 , 000 in 2012 / 13 .  campaigners said the payments were ' scandalous ' and ' unacceptable ' .
bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers .  one woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head , while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of mayor bill de blasio .
shanay walker ' s death was culmination of ' repeated acts of cruelty ' at hands of her aunt and grandmother , juanila smikle - shanay ' s grandmother .  shanay was found cold and stiff in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in bestwood , nottingham , last july .  the 23 - year - old , who was an aspiring police officer in her teens , was later arrested and charged with murder .
the united states department of agriculture ' s food safety and inspection service revealed the recall on tuesday .  the type of baby food being recalled is ' stage 2 beech - nut classics sweet potato & chicken , ' which is sold in 4 - ounce glass jars .  stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled , according to fsis .
bayern munich restored their lead at the top of the bundesliga back to 10 points .  pep guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out rondo passing drills .  xabi alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team - mates watching on .
customs officials at domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from indonesia via qatar .  among the animals seized was 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven lemurs , two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub .  if true , the suspect could face up to seven years in prison .
kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to stop marouane fellaini from continuing his good form during chelsea ' s 1 - 0 win against manchester united .  mourinho was impressed with the job he did against the ' on fire ' ex - everton man .  the 20 - year - old also played in midfield away at west ham and in the capital one cup final against tottenham .
mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital when two members of revolutionary people ' s liberation party - front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .  uploading photographs of kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process .  turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the ' terrorist propaganda ' images , before going on to block access to twitter , facebook and youtube .
sergio canavero plans to perform the first head transplant in less than an hour .  he says he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the eu or former soviet union .  critics say he ' s a ' world leader ' like the us when it put a man on the moon .
the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions .  the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it .  the city ' s waste management company have been brought in to clear the lake of the dead fish .  officials say the latest incident was the result of recent rains and high sea levels , which caused the lake ' s water temperature to plummet .
manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night ' s texas rangers game .  the pair appear to remain very much an item , but crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up on going out .  on tuesday , crowley posted a video on her instagram page of the texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends .
trussell trust asks for ' donation ' from churches and community groups .  the money is needed to pay for the trust ' s staff , branding materials and pr advice .  critics accuse the charity of taking money which could be better spent on food .
the 22 - year - old attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio .  social media users noticed that she had given her razor a night off .  one user said : ' armpit hair is disgusting , please shave miley cyrus ' .  another tweeted : ' stop telling @ mileycyrus to shave her armpits ? like wow imagine that , a human with hair ! how gross ! ' .
ali maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg ( almost two stone ) in three months .  after eating courgette noodles , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables , she quit her corporate job to become a full time blogger .  in june of 2013 , she began creating and sharing recipes with spiralized vegetables .  in 2013 she began sharing healthy recipes with her blog , inspiralized , where she went from a size 14 / 16 to a size 8 / 10 so rapidly .
great british bake off host sue perkins is favourite to replace jeremy clarkson .  it has made her evens for the role , ahead of former x - factor presenter dermot o ' leary .  british model jodie kidd is third at 5 - 2 , according to bookmakers .
two men burst into the esso petrol station in caterham , surrey , last wednesday .  they forced their way into the manager ' s office and ransacked the room .  police have released cctv of the men which they hope will lead to calls from the public .  a third man , aged in his 20s , has been arrested and released on police bail .
franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could succeed pep guardiola .  the bayern munich legend has already announced he will leave borussia dortmund in the summer .  the 47 - year - old won two bundesliga titles in seven years .
the 50 - year - old collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of kuta .  it ' s believed he was from seymour in victoria and was holidaying at the resort .  an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death .
the teenager from the henan province in central china appears to have had surgery on her jaw , chin and eyes .  she has a shocking 400 , 000 followers on her weibo account - a chinese social media platform - which states her birthday is may , 1999 .  one of the comments about the underage girl has over 24 , 000 likes on chinese internet platform tencent .  others have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced .
gale force winds have reached up to 135km / h in some parts of nsw ' s coastline .  workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag # umbrellageddon .  ' always carry your umbrella into the wind and not over your head .  buy a strong large size umbrella so it offers you more protection ' .
survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet , the uk  s largest internet community for parents .  it found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999 .  but nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted that their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency .
wayne rooney believes england can win euro 2016 in france .  juan mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the spain squad .  manchester united ' s player of the month for march lifted the lid on rooney ' s bullish attitude looking ahead to the tournament in june .
gigi hadid , jing wen , laura james , anna cleveland , ondria hardin , antonia wilson , and paige reifler for the spread .
nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault , simple assault and neglect of a care - dependent person .  police say she traveled to maryland from pennsylvania either last sunday or monday after leaving her 21 - year - old wheelchair - bound son in the woods .  parler ' s son , who is non - verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found on friday night lying beneath a rain - soaked blanket and a bible .
bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p . m . monday .  the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse , and no one was injured .  cleveland fire spokesman larry gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a ' freak accident ' .
chris sussman said particular jokes have to go through ' quite a lot of layers ' .  some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall .  strict rules come after a ' difficult few years ' following sachsgate scandal .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
richard kerr , 53 , said he was one of three youngsters taken from belfast home to london in the 1970s .  once in the capital , they were allegedly molested by politicians and other establishment figures at dolphin square and elm guest house .  claims will add weight to calls for allegations about irish children ' s home to be covered by official abuse inquiry .
manchester city have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the bank holiday evening clash at selhurst park .  all of those onboard missed the kick - off with some arriving as much as 20 minutes after the start .  the premier league champions have apologised to supporters and promised to hand out ticket refunds .  the move is likely to cost the club in the region of 12 , 000 .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache .  after calling the dentist ' s office , she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son , attley .
the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night .  according to the bureau of meteorology , it won ' t be getting any better .  the next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on april 4 and september 28 , 2015 .
the unnamed man died from variant creutzfeldt - jakob ( vcjd ) disease in may 2014 .  he was a naturalized u . s . citizen originally from the middle east . the extreme rarity of the disease , especially in the united states , led the man to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms .
marie d ' argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 .  the 55 - year - old publicist says the fall also left her with a ' loss of libido ' , ' sexual discomfort and impairment ' .  she recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners ' corporation and elevator service .
rangers beat raith rovers 4 - 0 at ibrox on sunday afternoon .  nicky clark and haris vuckic scored for the hosts in the earlier kick - off .  the win means rangers remain level on 61 points , albeit the leith side have the better goal difference .
libby jane wilson was enjoying a day out at a play park in chorley , lancashire .  the two - year - old was pounced on by a jack russell as she played in a tunnel .  her father alex knight heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away .  the dog ' s owner didn ' t check if her daughter was hurt and fled the scene .
judge ruled the plate was an ' unhappy coincidence ' when they drove it through argentina .  maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ' provoking people ' .  she slammed their actions as ' arrogant and disrespectful ' and ' disrepectful ' .  clarkson and his colleagues were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate , an alleged reference to the 1982 falklands war .
mehmet oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia ' s college of physicians and surgeons .  the harvard - educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 .  dr henry miller of california ' s stanford university led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter .
paula radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the london marathon in a time of 2 : 15 : 25 .  radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot , which made it difficult for her to walk short distances two months ago to make it to the start line .  the former world champion says she knows she got the best out of her career , despite several injuries .
timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called sandy hook elementary on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone .  in the calls , the 30 - year - old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead .  he also said the boston marathon bombings in april 2014 were fake , police said .
the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , hasn ' t hit nsw this strong since 2007 .  east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter .  they are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings , fell trees and powerlines .  an estimated 100 , 000 homes are without power on tuesday morning across sydney , the central coast and hunter region .
estimates suggest around 1 , 000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking .  this includes uber , microsoft ' s onedrive and movies by flixster .  the flaw leaves any information , even if its sent over a seemingly secure https connection , potentially open to hackers .
sam allardyce ' s contract expires at the end of the season but he feels his work at upton park is far from done .  carl jenkinson and alex song were the only ones to have played in the premier league before .  marko arnautovic scored a 95th - minute equaliser to once again see west ham lose points late on in a game .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer .  she posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor ' s note clearing her to fly .  in the video , her husband is seen removing their carry - on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats .
anthony horowitz said books by comedian david walliams are ' witty and entertaining ' but nowhere near ambitious enough .  the 59 - year - old novelist and screenwriter singled out gangsta granny for criticism , as well as the diary of a wimpy kid books by author jeff kinney .  green  s book , the fault in our stars , tells the story of two teenagers who fall in love while they are both dying of cancer .
between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters either committed , of crime .  a nine - year - old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage and a four - year old questioned over an assault .  west midlands police released figures after a freedom of information act request . a boy of 13 became one of britain ' s youngest murderers after he was jailed for at least 12 years for killing a woman he had just mugged on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek .
real sociedad remain hopeful of signing burnley striker danny ings .  liverpool , manchester city and manchester united have all shown interest . ings ' contract at burnley expires in the summer .
jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power .  he said off - payroll contracts are being abused at a management level .  his comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals .  the mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken 35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation .
jennifer barnett worked at archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child .  the 60 - year - old died last september , 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos .  her husband , nigel , told inquest his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s .
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels .  this energy can be used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down .  homeowners can use this stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again .
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night .  he was joined by his girlfriend colleen crowley and sipped water throughout the night .  this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next monday , april 20 .
epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days .  the sydney couple , from sydney , set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year .  the pair set off to new york to begin their long journey across the globe .
thousands of commuters were left stranded at waterloo station this afternoon .  the chaos ensued after network rail was forced to close a section of the track between wimbledon and surbiton when a person was struck by a train .  south west trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result of the incident .
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii .  they found that robots designed for surgery could be ' easily ' hacked in to .  this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working .  the research was carried out by toying with a product from their own university - the raven ii teleoperated robotical surgeon .
cressida bonas , 26 , says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry .  the interview follows the release of a short film last month for the fashion house .  miss bonas has long dreamed of becoming an actress and wanted to pursue her career freely .
nutritionist sarah flower says it ' s time to ditch vitamin and mineral supplements for a diet rich in clean , fresh and unprocessed foods .  ' the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to rely on supplements to boost your health , ' she said .  menstruating women may benefit from adding oils ( evening primrose oil ) and a multivitamin rich in magnesium to help alleviate pms symptoms .
leslie roy , 52 , and lee marie wright , 56 , were visiting relatives in ishpeming , michigan , when they got stuck in their snow - trapped suv .  they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of girl scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs .
golden state warriors beat the los angeles clippers 110 - 106 .  stephen curry scored 27 points and klay thompson had 25 .  brooklyn beat indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play - off spot in the eastern conference .  san antonio spurs guard tony parker scored 16 points against miami heat in his 1 , 000th nba game .
mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a ' leftist ' alternative to hillary clinton , according to a source within the democratic party .  this claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week , just hours before clinton announced her candidacy , where de blasio refused to back her .  the 53 - year - old has yet to back clinton as the democrats ' presidential candidate , despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her u . s . senate bid in 2000 .
nathaniel clyne has been told he is england ' s first choice right - back by roy hodgson .  the southampton defender has been linked with a move to chelsea and manchester united .  clyne is being tracked by manchester united and chelsea .
romelu lukaku is set to return from a four - week absence with a hamstring injury .  roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease the striker back in even if he wanted to .  everton manager believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince him to take it easy .
southampton lost 2 - 1 to stoke city at the britannia stadium on saturday .  morgan schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first premier league goal since september .  saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth - placed manchester city to two points .
lanarkshire police took to social media to warn homeowners about the ' housebreakers ' .  they said there was nothing to suggest the markings in the area correlate to a particular meaning .  the practice of crooks using a secret system to identify potential victims has been dubbed the da pinchi code .
lorenzo simon , 34 , and his girlfriend michelle bird used michael spalding for slave labour before simon killed him and dismembered his body .  the 39 - year - old ' s remains were stuffed into two suitcases before simon and bird threw them into a canal , a court heard .  police have released cctv footage showing the pair dragging the cases along a pavement .
the 1954 bentley r - type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around 200 , 000 by auctioneers .  it was originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple .  when it is ready , it could be worth more than 1million and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer .
first time since records began that such sales of uk goods have outstripped those to the eu for six months in a row .  figures appear to vindicate david cameron ' s ' mercantile ' foreign policy , which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world .  eurosceptics will seize on the figures as evidence britain could carve out a prosperous future outside the eu .
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed .  she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on channel 4 ' s ' four in a bed ' .  she said other hotels in blackpool , lancashire , were ' grim ' in response to another couple ' s claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area .
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi - finals .  the bayern munich boss is the greatest player in the world at the nou camp .  bayern face each other in the last 16 of the competition .
the olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on friday that ' to all intents and purposes i am a woman ' .  kris , who was married to bruce for 22 years , is ' trying to be a good friend to him - or her - now ' .
luis suarez was handed a four - month ban for biting italy defender giorgio chiellini during the world cup in brazil .  his wife sofia admits that suarez told her he didn ' t bite the defender .  the uruguayan has been in superb form for barcelona since joining from liverpool in the summer .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
geoff whitington , 63 , was made so sick by obesity - related type 2 diabetes .  he had been told he may need a leg amputated .  his sons , anthony and ian , are gently trying to broaden his palate .
erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break - up .
silverback at omaha ' s henry doorley zoo runs at the back of the enclosure .
prime minister visited a primary school near bolton to unveil new policy .  he wants to inject ' more rigour and zero tolerance of failure and mediocrity ' .  100 , 000 pupils taking a new test in english and maths during their first year .
amir khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri .  the bolton fighter had come under pressure to take on british rival kell brook in june .  khan was also linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman .
england cricket board national selector james whitaker looks set to finish his brief reign in the role .  whitaker ' s position has looked untenable in any case since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket .  yorkshire coach jason gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from south australia , having turned down their first approach .  fa cup , the oldest knockout football competition in the world , is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup in a new 30million sponsorship deal .
rafa benitez is out of contract at manchester city at the end of the season .  the spaniard has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli .  napoli host wolfsburg in the europa league quarter - final on thursday .  click here for all the latest napoli news .
male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs .  palaeontologists say they have come up with a way to tell fossils of small feathered male dinosaurs from those of females .  they say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail .
green party activists told to dress in ' agree ' fashion to win over sceptical voters .  manual for volunteers aims to ease voters ' concerns over radical platform .  also encourages them to compliment people ' s homes and compliment them ' homes ' . comes amid growing scrutiny of green party ' s manifesto commitments .
eathan cruse , 19 , was one of five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning .  he said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed .  eathan ' s father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained .  it comes after the father of another man said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police .
matt prior ' s one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .  the former england cricketer is chief executive of the team that will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .  prior is a long - time cycling fan who was mocked by kevin pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of new zealand .
rebecca hannibal , 19 , pleaded guilty to supplying georgina bartter with the fatal pills that led to her death .  ms bartter was just 19 when she died after collapsing on the dance floor in november last year .  she is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the substance she took on the night before the harbourlife dance festival .
candice - marie fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 .  she underwent surgery to remove tumours from her neck .  but when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body .  she is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details .
efe obada will fly to texas next month for rookie mini - camp .  the 22 - year - old only started playing american football half way through last season and was mentored by warriors defensive co - ordinator aden durde .  obada joins compatriot jack crawford on the cowboys roster .
david templeton praised the impact of ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall .  the ibrox winger said that training ground methods are superior to the previous management ' s . templeton also praised former motherwell boss stuart mccall .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .  luis suarez scored a brilliant second - half double to put the la liga leaders in control .  thiago silva and david luiz both impressed for psg .
tom ince is currently on loan at derby from hull city .  former england midfielder scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad .  derby were 1 - 0 up , 3 - 1 down and 4 - 3 behind in play - off .
leaj jarvis price , 24 , was reportedly gunned down by eric heath price , 25 .  she ran into the office in jemison , alabama , screaming ' call the police ' .  price then returned to their home and staged a standoff with police .  he was taken to hospital with a self - inflicted gunshot wound to his head .  he has since been charged with the murder of mrs price , who was at school at the time of the shooting .
arjen robben has missed his side ' s last four games due to an abdominal injury .  the holland international has said he has ' felt physically ' during the last few weeks .  robben plans on returning for bayern ' s cup match against borussia dortmund .
sportsmail looks at how a composite xi of the sides might take shape .  the 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 formation both seem to favour at the old trafford clash .  pablo zabaleta is the best right back either club can boast . chris smalling was sent off in the last season ' s derby at the etihad .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
marilyn zuniga , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , assigned her third - grade class to write ' get well ' letters to mumia abu - jamal .  the letters were delivered to abu - jama in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes .  untreated diabetes is said to be the reason for the hospitalization .
jake drage sang a children ' s song for reporters as he left a west java jail after nine months .  the 23 - year - old surfer , who was taken into custody in june last year , said he cannot wait to get back in the water .  he said his time in prison was ' like a yo yo , all up and downs ' .
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez .  southampton , lazio , stoke city and west ham are also interested .  hernandez could be bought for around 8m as he has just one year remaining on his united contract .
the video , shared by the new york times on monday , will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory .  at the start of the ascent , the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the dutch in the 1600s .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace at old trafford .  glenn murray and jason puncheon scored for palace .  manuel pellegrini believes palace ' s first goal was offside .
phil taylor squandered a 4 - 2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7 - 4 .  the defeat for taylor sees the 54 - year - old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth .  raymond van barneveld survived elimination on ' judgement night ' with a 6 - 6 draw against gary anderson .
laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see .  but the controversial appointment was met ' with a stony silence ' by the vatican , according to the french media .  mr stefanini worked as number two to french ambassador at the vatican between 2001 and 2005 .  in july 2013 , pope francis seemed to speak out against centuries of anti - gay teaching by the catholic church , saying homosexuals should not be marginalised .
detectives have swarmed over three - bedroom leeton home where stephanie scott ' s accused killer , vincent stanford , 24 , lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke .  police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner ' s toyota hilux , a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to ms scott .  neighbours told daily mail australia the stanford family have lived at the property for ' around 13 months ' .
jayla currie from berne , indiana , is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women  s prison , a system that allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies .  the 23 - year - old mother - of - one has already served three months of her reduced 10 - month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession .
for about 18 million euros ( about 13 million ) , the modern home , complete with pool , gazebo , and al fresco dining spots , can be yours .  hameau du temple , located near uzes , in the south of france , is the perfect provencal family summer home .
british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among airlines to cancel flights .  change means every passenger in a car or coach will have their passport scanned .  new passport regulations could cause queues on roads leading to dover and folkestone .  ba warned of ' significant disruption ' and apologised for cancellation of a dozen return flights from britain .
research was carried out by scientists at brown university in rhode island .  to conduct the study , researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely , if ever .  they participated in a two - day trial of visual task learning .  subjects were shown an on - screen  texture  of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where anomalous texture appeared .
superior court judge m . marc kelly told an orange county jury that kevin jonas rojano - nieto ' did not intend to harm ' the three - year - old girl he raped at his family home in june .  the judge said that he was sure that although he sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn ' t scream out .  the mandatory sentence should be 25 - years to life .
father damian maria montes , 29 , was appearing on the spanish version of the voice .  he collared out the robbie williams classic while donning his priest ' s collar .  as he launched himself into the chorus , the audience whooped with delight .  now the singing priest has been compared to italian nun sister christina .
ivana chubbuck , 62 , is a part therapist and part acting coach .  she reduced beyonce knowles to tears within five minutes .
alessandra , 34 , stars in a new campaign for online fashion retailer dafiti .  the victoria ' s secret angel is no . 8 on the forbes list of top - earning models .  the mother - of - two stars in the new range include marlon teixeira , laura neiva , bruna tenorio , dani braga and ricardo barbato .
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual - assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers .  former tech .  sgt .  jennifer smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint .  the 130 - page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including pubic hair , the kotex and bestiality .
kyle major , 14 , punched paul walker , 52 , in the back of the head in blackpool .  he had just asked his friends for directions and felled him from behind .  mr walker was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground .  major pleaded guilty to manslaughter at preston crown court today .
keith anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year .  he left one lance corporal in a coma and severely brain damaged .  the 28 - year - old ' bounced around , triumphantly like a boxer ' after the attack .  he was jailed for seven years at teesside crown court this week .
the german gp was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems . f1 supremo bernie ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the race .  the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races , with a three - week break between the british grand prix and the hoc grand prix on july 5 .
laura robson has not played since the 2014 australian open .  the 21 - year - old was pictured sitting in an ice bath after a practice session .  robson has been training in tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month ' s french open at roland garros .
a hearing in the case is scheduled for friday in alexandria .  the ex - student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy .  the university of virginia implemented changes in its sexual misconduct policy in the aftermath of a now - discredited rolling stone article alleging that school officials were indifferent to allegations that a student had been raped at a fraternity party .
macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian .  the macau is located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china .  it was developed by the man behind many of cirque du soleil ' s dazzling shows .
hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u . s . food industry .  his american - born ex , dr . ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500 , 000 that helped make his dreams a reality .  on april 10 , giray settled for an unknown sum .
rangers will play hearts at tynecastle on may 3 , 24 hours after hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play .  hibernian are upset that rangers ' final game of the season has been pushed back for tv purposes .  hibs chief executive leanne dempster and hearts chairwoman ann budge have lodged formal complaints with the league .
marylin stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim ' s financial affairs after he went into care at cedar house , rothley .  but she began withdrawing up to 200 a day to feed her gambling habit .  the 64 - year - old admitted stealing 22 , 650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just 1 , 350 .
chyknell hall estate in bridgnorth , shropshire , is on the market for 6million .  its centrepiece , the 11 - bedroom manor house , was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since .  current owner installed a cricket green on the estate and bought all the maintanence equipment needed .  owner will be set up for entertaining with a wine cellar , four - oven aga , loggia , library and billiard room .
quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty .  move is expected to drive a spike in production , particularly in countries like germany , germany and the netherlands .  british farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down , which will be difficult for smaller family businesses .
john helm was commentating on bradford city ' s game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description .  he lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind  any bitterness would be understandable  but from everything i have been told there isn  t a jot of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy .  it should also never be forgotten that heginbotham twice saved bradford city from extinction .
jose mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job .  the chelsea boss was fined 25 , 000 earlier this season .  monnho says he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media .
kazi islam , 18 , sent texts to harry thomas , 19 , praising lee rigby ' s killers .  islam used ' cake ' as code for bomb in his messages , old bailey told .  islam is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a washington , dc - based company wants to create a new space station .  their giant cylinder could apparently replace the iss .  it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity .  and would be 1 , 300ft ( 400 metres ) long , cost 200 billion ( $ 300 billion ) and take 30 years to build .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bones found in gough ' s cave in somerset had flesh cut from them .  tooth marks on many of the bones were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992 .  archaeologists say findings suggest people living in the late ice age indulged in ritual cannibalism , perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin .
richard howarth , 35 , says he gets agitated when he sees ukip leader nigel farage .  says he has to change channel when mr farage appears or he becomes ill .  says hearing farage ' s voice makes him ' physically sick ' .  phobia expert says it ' s possible to have a reaction to a politician or person you fundamentally disagree with .
jonathan leblanc , the company  s top developer , said the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers .  he said that passwords will be edible , ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ' antiquated ' ways of confirming your identity , such as fingerprint scanning .  edible capsules could check the person  s glucose levels or blood pressure before beaming out encrypted data .
ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit .  hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted of first - degree murder for killing odin lloyd on june 17 , 2013 .  ward said it was possible he would call patriots officials , including owner bob kraft , to testify if he thought their testimony would be ' relevant ' .
morrisons has brought in halal - only pick and mix counters to cater for muslim customers .  two - year - old faizaan ali was among the first to sample the sweets .  the supermarket has chosen the locations according to the make - up of local communities .
liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit .  new balance will be used in supplying the merseyside club in the 2015 - 16 campaign .  sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years .  liverpool ' s golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits but the strip worn against roma in the 1984 european cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status .
jan oblak cost 16million ( 11 . 5m ) and that is a la liga record for a goalkeeper .  the 22 - year - old was already slovenia ' s number one when he left benfica in the summer .  miguel moya was signed from getafe in the close season as back - up .
dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition at ramapo college in mahwah , new jersey , when he was pierced by the projectile .  police say he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .  he was taken to the valley hospital in ridgewood via ambulance .
the eagles palace , a long - established family hotel , is a fine escape zone for family holidays .  vassilis is the boatman at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the waters off the mount athos peninsula in north - eastern greece .
one in five nsw families have admitted to sedating their children before taking them on long car trips .  the medical community claim the sedative phenergan should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects like respiratory depression can be fatal .  warnings about the use of the drugs have been around since 2006 when the us food and drug administration found the medication was linked to 22 cases of respiratory depression .
getup ' s new website , the gender price gap , has exposed nine products that have identical female versions which cost more for women .  this is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men .  the exact same shirt advertised under the men ' s clothing section is advertised for only $ 49 . 95 .  other examples highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further .
stephen dodd tweeted a picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield .  he added : ' muslims praying at half - time at the match yesterday # disgrace ' .  liverpool promised to take ' appropriate action ' against the supporter .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula before being jailed by yemeni officials .  two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .
henry rayhons , 78 , was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou rayhon .  despite being told her dementia and alzheimers she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself .  he had argued that he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact .
high winds have meant travel chaos for people in dubai .  four flights bound for dubai international airport had to be diverted to nearby airports .  a 24 - year - old was airlifted to the hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility .  forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2 - 1 at the allianz arena in november .  arjen robben scored the winner five minutes from time .  the two sides meet in front of an 80 , 000 audience at the signal iduna park .
jalila , whose name has been changed , was kidnapped from her home in yazidi , iraq .  she was taken to a house in syria where she was raped and raped by seven different men .  human rights watch says their actions amount to war crimes and possibly crimes against humanity .
mike holpin has three 48in widescreen tvs dotted around his house .  his 40 children by 20 women have cost more than 4million in benefits and care costs .  but at 56 , he says he wants more children even though he admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street .  ' he ' s been unfaithful but that ' s all in the past , ' he says .
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree .  the 53 - year - old was locked in a police cells for six hours and put on bail for seven months before being put on trial for chopping back tree branches hanging over her garden .  magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the mother - of - two not guilty .
labour ' s liam byrne sent note to successor before he left the treasury in 2010 .  he said : ' dear chief secretary , i ' m afraid there is no money .  kind regards  and good luck ! liam ' .  ed balls said labour would cut the deficit still running at 90bn a year .
shah jahah khan , 62 , and ibrahim anderson , 38 , both deny terror offences .  they are accused of setting up a stall on london ' s oxford street .  anderson appeared with a long white beard and light blue islamic dress .  anderson also denied one charge of possessing information likely to be useful for the preparation of or carrying out an act of terrorism .
minister of state for external affairs v . k singh tweeted in response to a channel quoting him saying he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the yemen high commission .  the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat .
park crescent west , near regents park in london , could be demolished and re - built again under controversial plans .  developer has now submitted fresh plans to demolish the grade i listed crescent and rebuild it as ultra - posh apartments .  residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals , claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives .  the new development will be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five - bed flats worth 15million .
zimbabwe could become the first test playing country to tour pakistan since attacks on sri lanka ' s bus in march 2009 .  shaharyar khan will meet with officials of the zimbabwe cricket union on the sidelines of an icc meeting in dubai next week .  khan says lahore would host three one - day internationals against zimbabwe while the remaining two odis would be played in karachi .
taline gabrielian , 33 , of sydney ' s northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites , including snickers , bounty , twix and cherry ripe .  the mother of two published the recipes through her best - selling food app , hippie lane .  gabrielian only realised the serious demand for her sweet treats when she reached 80 , 000 followers within a year .
belle gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles .  victoria police said its position in regards to the ongoing investigation had not changed .  ms gibson has expressed concern about her family ' s safety after her son ' s childcare details were allegedly placed online .
former staff sgt .  charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan in april .  he is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8 , 850 - meter ( 29 , 035 - foot ) summit next month .  everest would be his highest and toughest mountain that he has attempted to climb .
youtube user micahmedia has uploaded a video of the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg using a glass of water .  he pops the egg into a small tumbler glass before filling it a quarter of the way with water .  after ten seconds of shaking , he lifts his hand to show the egg , which has been loosened from left to right so that the water doesn ' t spill .  the 28 - second video currently has over 16million views on youtube .
sale went down to a surprising 25 - 23 defeat at the madejski stadium .  irish scored three tries through alex lewington and andrew fenby .  chris noakes scored two penalties and two conversions .  sale ' s starting line - up was unchanged from their win over gloucester .
genes for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users .  it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan and is available over 18s in the us .  it is available for free from facebook ' s store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address .
west brom chairman jeremy peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia .  peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between 150million to 200m .  aston villa are already in talks with potential buyers .
jerry hugel , 83 , his wife marianne , 80 , and friend walter vondthadden , 76 , were found dead at their home in floral park , queens on friday .  the hugels had lived in the home for 40 years and loved to dance , garden and observe their german heritage .  neighbors lined the streets and sidewalks in the suburban neighborhood next to long island ' s nassau county .
neil bantleman , who also holds british nationality , was jailed for ten years .  he was convicted of abusing three young boys at the jakarta intercultural school .  his wife tracy said she was ' deeply disturbed and appalled ' by the verdict .  canada and britain called for the authorities to follow due legal process .
efan james was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after hannah james , 26 , took him to bed .  the next morning he was found ' face down ' and was ' lying ' .  pembrokeshire coroner mark layton said the current advice on ' co - sleeping ' is ' confusing ' .  the welsh government ' s ' reducing the risk of cot death ' leaflet offers similar advice to the nhs in england .
stephanie hannon , director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign ' s chief technology officer .  she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state ' s brand through the 2016 elections .  hannon previously worked on gmail and google maps .
tehsin nayani has written the ' the glazer gatekeeper : six years speaking for manchester united ' s silent owners ' .  nayani , who worked in finance pr in london , says the family were ' completely unruffled ' by the us bosses who succeeded in a debt .  he says the ' red knights ' who launched a buyout were never serious suitors .
the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police .  many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina .  the protesters marched from manhattan ' s union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic . organizers say tuesday ' s protest was one of 28 being held across the country .
parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $ 15 , 000 a year for every child .  minister scott morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children ' s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits .  parents who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $ 7 , 500 - a - week childcare rebate and $ 726 family tax benefit part a end of year supplement .
argentina beat ecuador 2 - 1 in their copa america warm - up match on tuesday .  javier pastore opened the scoring for argentina in the 58th minute .  sergio aguero headed his 22nd international goal since argentina beat germany 4 - 2 in a friendly last september .
leah o ' brien , 33 , was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance .  alton hines was waiting for his fiance , alton hines , at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 .  hines was going to escort her bride - to - be to the lakeside high school prom .  driving the dodge charger that killed the beloved teacher was ramiro pedemonte .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 - 1 at selhurst park on saturday .  co - chairman steve parish posed for a picture with alan pardew , england boss roy hodgson and bill wyman - one of the original members of the rolling stones .
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv  s varsano hotel for 17 . 1million .  the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1 , 500 square metres .  it consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites , and six more bedrooms in three separate villas .
two ' his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the sandbanks peninsula .  standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views .  but prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en - suite bedroom .
thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , was killed outside his jennings home on friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife .  his mother said her son ' was talking about going on a " journey ' and a " mission " and mentioned a " black revolution " .  police say they shot him with an ' less lethal impact weapon ' because they felt they had to act .
david bulman and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing .  the 55 - year - old left his wife with a black eye and a lump on her head .  bulman was given a 12 - month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm .
sarah silverman recalled an incident at the new york comedy club .  she claimed she was paid less than her male friend to do a job .  but silverman has been forced to apologize and said critics should not use the story as a way to undermine the gender pay gap campaign .
hamayun tariq , 37 , was born and raised in dudley in the west midlands .  he has shared two images of his new bomb - making factory in syria . components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals .  the father - of - two says he hopes will emerge as ' the best electronics lab in the islamic state ' .
jack grealish could end up playing for republic of ireland against england .  the 19 - year - old has taken time out from national duty seven months ago .  he has met ireland manager martin o ' neill and held a friendly chat with roy keane after winning the country  s under - 21 player of the year award in dublin last month .
the 58 - year - old actress tweeted : ' i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you ' re sending .  thank you ' .
ellie laing has launched a scathing attack on sbs news reporter jim carroll .  she claims she and other journalists were hired for being young , white and female .  carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards .  laing says she was hired for passion , not because she ' scrubs up attractive ' .
the 22 - year - old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday she ' s pregnant with her first child with ben seewald , 19 .
the four - day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday .  changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , fire services say .  the time change affects all states except queensland , the northern territory and western australia , where daylight saving is not observed .
manny pacquiao ' s trainer freddie roach says floyd mayweather has picked and chosen his opponents during his career .  roach says mayweather is in the best shape of his life , moving faster and punching harder than ever before .
richie benaud died aged 84 from skin cancer at lord ' s in 1964 .  david cameron said he had ' grown up listening to benaud ' s wonderful cricket commentary ' .  benaud will not be returning to england next summer to sustain his pre - eminence as cricket ' s finest commentator .  a recent poll by the wisden cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12 , 000 votes .  exactly 10 , 128 of them nominated benaud as the best .
mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent .  the argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago .  harry kane , andros townsend , ryan mason and kyle walker all played for england .
chancey luna , 17 , faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release .  lane , 22 , from melbourne , was shot in the back with a . 22 calibre handgun .  authorities allege luna randomly selected lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past . lane had a baseball scholarship with oklahoma ' s east central university .
children ' s soft toys act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals .  researchers at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery .  they urged parents to wash and sterilise their child ' s toys before bringing them into the operating theatre .
click on your team news ahead of the premier league weekend .  click here for all the latest premier league news .
during a talk in washington today , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra - terrestrials within a decade .  ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa , said : ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade ' .  announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places .
kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says tattoos have turned her into a jobless recluse .  she has applied for 40 jobs but has had no success because of her 18 tattoos .  ' i ' m absolutely desperate to get rid of them , ' she says .
sol campbell has joined forces with david harewood , tinie tempah and ade adepitan .  the campaign , run by operation black vote , features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on april 20 .  campbell , 40 , last month ruled out standing for the conservatives in kensington after sir malcolm rifkind announced he would be standing down .
christopher barry , 53 , was stabbed to death by a 13 - year - old boy outside his home in edmonton , north london , on december 14 last year .  the boy , who cannot be named for legal reasons , pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed mr barry twice in the chest .
ruben blundell ' s brother theo was four days overdue when his mother went into labour in the middle of the night .  left with no time to get to the hospital , the family had to deliver the baby at home - and michelle assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe .
joshua smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in berwick - upon - tweed , northumberland .  coastguard , police , paramedics , firefighters and an raf rescue helicopter were all scrambled to the scene in early hours of easter sunday .  police have said that the teen ' s death was not being treated as suspicious , but have referred it to the police watchdog .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j . brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio .  footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius .  luckily , he had a cell phone on hand to call 911 .  however , first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow .
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1 / 2 years in court .  a federal court of appeals threw out his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government ' s investigation into illegal steroids distribution .  bonds broke hank aaron ' s long - standing career record of 755 homers in 2007 , finished that season with 762 .  now 50 , bonds said ' i am excited about what the future holds for me as i embark on the next chapter ' .
jon stewart will host his final show on august 6 .  he will be replaced by trevor noah , 31 , who has been accused of antisemitism for comments made about jews in tweets dating back to 2009 .  stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ' relentless ' 24 - hour news networks all day .
harry was out with his parents in cambridge on bank holiday monday .  he was caught under a cyclist ' s wheel and dragged along the path .  angela buckler , 34 , said cyclist rode off without showing any remorse .  she said : ' i had this feeling of horror .  i scooped him up and there was a big bruise and welt there ' .
roger lohse , a reporter with miami - area station wplg , was about to finish reporting on an 800 - acre blaze in miami - dade .  as the camera zoomed in , live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze .  a firefighter who had the animal in her hands said that the tiny pet had been hiding from the fire in an empty modelo beer box .
richard ilczyszyn , 46 , lost consciousness on orange county - bound flight .  father - of - three could be heard ' groaning ' and ' crying ' by staff on flight .  but rather than seeking medical help , attendants allegedly left him on landing .  wife kelly , who is a southwest flight attendant , is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act .  she said : ' i was very confused why they didn ' t help my husband ' .
mangu ram , 82 , fled to kashmir as a refugee - now an old man for 70 years .  he has been denied citizenship rights in india ' s only muslim - majority state .  ram , a hindu , was born in an area of punjab province , part of modern - day pakistan .  he says he is hopeful change will come for the refugees : ' if something can be done , then maybe i will finally have some enjoyment in this life ' .
england will send an under 20 team to the toulon tournament this summer .  aidy boothroyd will be the man in charge of the under 20s this time .  the tournament runs from may 27 to june 7 .
the 44 - year - old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon .  she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres .  she was airlifted to westmead hospital in sydney where she remains in a stable condition .
retired lt col richard ' dick ' cole , age 99 , gave the medal to the museum ' s director in a ceremony at the museum of the us air force .  the medal , awarded by congress earlier in the week , arrived in a ceremonial b - 25 flight .  retired staff sgt david thatcher , 93 , came from missoula , montana , for the event , and said the medal was for all 80 .
kylie gulliver , a former model and actress from melbourne , had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years .  the brand is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney kardashian , drew barrymore , cameron diaz and pop group grl .
gareth blanks , 31 , was walking home after buying a chocolate bar when he was attacked by a group of three men and one woman .  he was kicked and punched more than 20 times in the head and across his body .  mr blanks is now recovering at his home in truro , cornwall , but his family say it will take him a long time to recover .  an online support group called support gareth has already attracted over 1 , 500 likes on facebook with several leaving messages of support .
jermain defoe ' s goal gave the black cats the lead in the wear - tyne derby .  but newcastle keeper tim krul has been criticised for his half - time actions .  sportsmail ' s jamie carragher criticised kru .
notts county have been without a permanent manager since the departure of shaun derry on march 23 .  ricardo moniz has six games to save his new side from relegation .  dave kevan will be moniz ' s assistant at meadow lane .
len barnes , 57 , from stockton , shed three stone as he battled clostridium difficile , suffering bouts of diarrhoea .  despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75 - year - old was showing no signs of improvement .
kevin pietersen signed a new contract with surrey last month .  the 34 - year - old was given fresh hope of a return to test cricket .  pietersen is hoping to press for an england recall through weight of runs in the lv = county championship .
lyoto machida was due to fight luke rockhold in new jersey on saturday .  machida is a previous light - heavyweight champion , a division in which the limit is 205lb .  the 36 - year - old said he hopes victory over rockhold would lead to a title shot .
malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel - held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17 , and all 298 aboard were killed .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders .  he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer .
the eight - year - old girl has been identified as piper by 9news .  she was travelling with her two brothers , her mother and grandmother when the accident happened in new south wales on saturday .  piper ' s grandmother , helen boddy , was also in the car at the time of the accident .  two boys , aged nine and 12 , were airlifted to the children ' s hospital at westmead .  the younger boy remains in a critical condition while the older boy is now stable .
ashley shupe says kaiden , eight , has tried to choke himself , throw himself from a height , and stop eating .  she is demanding $ 300 , 000 for school district ' s negligence .
samantha simmonds , 42 , is married to phillip davies , the owner of online auction business flogit4u .  the mother - of - three said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering .  she said she struggled to cope when the boys turned on each other in the car .
manchester city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday .  manuel pellegrini ' s side have lost four of their last five games .  city have already talked to borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp two years ago when they were seeking to replace roberto mancini .
e - scapes is the world ' s first ' virtual holiday ' experience on social media .  holidays take management of an individual ' s social media profiles and ' transports ' them away on the ' e - trip ' of a lifetime .  price includes unique content across facebook , twitter , instagram and snapchat .
lindex opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27 .  former supermodel christy turlington burns is championing the message ' it ' s what you do that defines you ' for fresh - to - the - uk clothing brand .  toni garrn , 22 , and ethiopia - born liya kebede , 37 , have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world .
steven abberley , 28 , hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians in october last year .  he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery , but they missed mps .  he excused himself to fellow observers before shouting ' you are all just liars ' .  when arrested he told police officers he had daubed the words ' the enemy within ' .
human rights lawyer david matas claims people are being killed for organs in china - a country where there are only 37 registered organ donors according to the red cross .  it is claimed that members of the banned religious group , the falungong group , are key targets .
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , owner of the three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a ' wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network .  last week three extending its feel at home scheme to spain and new zealand would only affect the small base of customers on google '
gaioz nigalidze was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament .  the current georgian champion was found using his phone in the middle of a match .  tournament organisers found the phone was covered into a social networking site under his name .  they also found his match being analysed in one of the chess applications .
liverpool lost 1 - 1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley .  philippe coutinho opened the scoring with a smart chipped finish .  brendan rodgers must accept criticism after a mid - winter slump .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 at old trafford on saturday .  louis van gaal ' s side are eight points clear at the top four .  but he insists next sunday ' s derby is important to finish runners - up .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
david duane watson , a 46 - year - old tucson firefighter , was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex - wife linda watson , 35 .  police say the dispute continued after watson ' s murder as her mother marilyn cox , 63 , tried to obtain visitation rights .  three years after her daughter went missing , cox and her neighbor renee farnsworth were shot dead in the driveway of linda ' s home .
former deputy pm says he cannot see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers and insisted he had ' a lot to offer this country ' .  lord prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the prince to seven government departments .  he said the notes proved ' the measure of the man ' .
the 26 - year - old man was attacked by a six - metre great white shark on south australia ' s west coast on saturday .  shocked witnesses saw the shark swimming away with the surfer ' s leg and a surfboard in its jaw .  the man was taken to hospital with life - threatening injuries but been airlifted to adelaide for further treatment .
john wild , from wotton - under - edge in gloucestershire , was found guilty of racially abusing jason brown while playing for dartford in october last year .  kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused brown .  brown , 32 , welcomed the outcome of the case but also criticised a number of bodies , including the football association and the professional footballers ' association .
new york photographer justin bettman began his ' set in the street ' project a few months ago .  the set was built on the edge of the water in williamsburg , brooklyn , where the couple had their first date .  bettman said there ' wasn ' t even a question ' on whether he would say yes .
party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband after it emerged dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on the controversial contracts , which he has pledged to ban .  parliament ' s expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff only because they are forced to by the westminster system .  labour ' s biggest donor unite lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero - hours basis .
margaret and gary mazan had 14 red setters seized by rspca inspectors .  animals had matted fur , dehydrated and not been provided with suitable diet .  couple jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets .
lebron james hit a one - handed shot , which traveled almost the full length of the 94 - foot court , on saturday .  just before the full - court shot went through the hoop , james could be heard saying : ' give me my money ' .  in 13 career postseason games in boston , james is averaging about 29 points , nine rebounds , and six assists .  the cavs hold a 3 - 0 lead in their eastern conference first - round playoff series against the celtics .
a newborn girl was found inside a garbage can outside the delta gamma theta sorority house at muskingum university last wednesday .  the child ' s mother is a student at the small school in new concord , authorities said last week , but they have refused to release her name .  it ' s the second time an abandoned baby has died of asphyxiation at the school .
turkish airlines captain arda turan was allowed to use the tannoy to congratulate his team - mates .  he was celebrating after the team ' s 2 - 1 international friendly victory against luxembourg .  turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital luxembourg city .  the shgm criticised the flight crew ' s decision to ignore the standard safety regulations in several tweets it posted on its official twitter account .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .  the 47 - year - old confirmed in a press conference he is to leave the club .  dortmund are preparing for their home bundesliga match with paderborn at the weekend .
renee somerfield has responded to the backlash against the campaign .  the yellow protein world ad features a bikini - clad renee next to text reading ' are you beach body ready ? ' .  the 24 - year - old ' s toned figure has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners .  online fitness store protein world have been actively engaging in the furore on social media .  one critic of the ad has inspired her own hashtag - # growupharriet .
marco negri joined rangers from perugia for 3 . 5million in 1997 .  the ex - rangers striker suffered a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13 , 2000 .  the 44 - year - old was told in italy that his blood was absolutely fine .  in his autobiography , ' moody blue - the story of the mysterious marco ' is serialised in the daily record .
luke rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago .  the californian is bidding to extend his winning streak to five .  rockhold has a title shot in his sights .
the former olympian and reality tv star , 65 , will speak out in a ' far - ranging ' interview with diane sawyer later this month .  the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father - of - six ' s transition to a woman in a deadly car crash in california in february .  the kardashian women will not be stealing bruce ' s spotlight because they will be in armenia when the interview airs .
all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after potential drone sighting .  some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports .  police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners .  radio - controlled drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to the growing trend of aerial photography .
bloomberg ' s computer system is the world ' s largest dealing platform .  more than 300 , 000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours .  billions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted .
trials show avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women around four months  extra life .  the drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators .  patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund ( cdf ) until it is considered for routine nhs use .
victor wanyama claims he has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to arsenal .  the kenyam midfielder has reportedly not ruled out a reunion with former saints boss mauricio pochettino at tottenham .  southampton are expected to lose more players in the summer , including morgan schneiderlin .
as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .  major general allen batschelet says the trend is going in the wrong direction .  of the 195 , 000 young men and women who signed up to join the army in 2014 , only 72 , 000 qualified .  the maximum body fat percentage that the army allows for recruits aged 20 - 20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females .
charlie adam was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score one of the goals of his career at chelsea .  david beckham did it against wimbledon in august 1996 , as did wayne rooney against west ham last year .  chelsea became the second team to score 100 penalties in the premier league .
kevin sinfield has been warned he will be a ' target ' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season .  the 34 - year - old will join the rhinos ' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18 - month contract .  sinfield is the greatest captain in leeds ' history .
ousman jatta , 45 , took his wife beryl , 88 , to a care home in gambia .  but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened .  mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife .
eden hazard won the pfa player of the year award at london ' s grosvenor hotel .  the 24 - year - old has scored 18 goals across all competitions this season .  hazard has won young player of year or young player every season .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
police launched an investigation after seizing a package on april 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug gbl addressed to fred pagan , office manager and personal assistant to sen .  thad cochran ( r - ms ) pagan was paid $ 160 , 000 in his senate role last year .  he is accused of buying the substances to exchange for sexual favors .
jimmy anderson is still three wickets away from breaking sir ian botham ' s england record .  west indies ' burnley lara is a more than useful no 11 these days .  ben stokes was england ' s first man to be dismissed on day two .
ze maria was sacked by ceahlaul piatra on wednesday after a poor run of form .  the former inter milan and parma right back will be replaced by serbian vanya radinovic .  ze maria replaced florin marin in january to become brazil ' s third coach this season .
sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of her reporting .  in the story , titled ' a rape on campus ' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago .  but a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story - including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity doesn ' t seem to exist .
the official number was issued to hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail , at cedar junction state prison in massachusetts .  he is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations .  the former new england patriots star smoked the drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as ' killer joints ' in the world of drugs .
seven - minute video shows isis militants destroying ancient city of nimrud , near mosul , iraq , using sledgehammers , jackhammers and saws .  they are believed to be some 3 , 000 years old in the ruins of the ancient assyrian city , founded some time in the 13th century b . c . it has been declared a ' war crime ' by u . n . secretary - general ban ki - moon .
jill scott was red - carded for an apparent headbutt on arsenal ' s jade bailey .  the england international was shown a straight red card during the game .  the 28 - year - old tweeted : ' great effort from all the girls , i want to apologise for the incident which led to me being sent off , gutted to let everyone @ mcwfc down today ' .  city manager nick cushing described scott ' s actions as ' out of character ' .
adverts for seagram ' s extra dry martini gin were regularly placed in magazines and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century .  the men in the ads have wide collars , precision - cut suits and intense expressions .  the ad brains behind it are clearly convinced it will sell more dubonnet , a wine - based aperitif .
chicago bulls beat milwaukee bucks 91 - 82 to take a 2 - 0 lead in their first - round nba play - offs series .  jimmy butler managed 31 points during the game with 31 points .  khris middleton led the sixth - seeded bucks with 22 points .  the golden state warriors fell behind by 13 points in the first quarter .
shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender .  when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning selfie to the social media site alongside the message : ' my mood today ' .  followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture , prompting her to respond : ' i ' m so relieved ' .
curtis stone ' s new cookbook , good food , good life contains photos of him cooking and gardening with wife lindsay throughout the book .  the 39 - year - old says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food .  he also doesn ' t hold back about giving his opinion when parents say their kids would rather eat junk food and not fruit and vegetables .
zoe o ' connell lives in a three - way lesbian relationship with sarah brown and sylvia knight .  the 37 - year - old , who used to be a man , is standing for the lib dems in maldon , essex .
rafa benitez was made chelsea interim manager in 2012 .  he had beaten the blues in two champions league semi - finals .  but he was brought in to keep the club on course until the end of the season .
a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at anz stadium in sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry canterbury fans .  referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of the game , which allowed south sydney to seal a 18 - 17 victory .  nsw police have released images of 13 people they want to speak to .
company says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance .  technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink , healthcare and the defence sector .
lion got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at the dierenrijk zoo in the netherlands .  zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions , as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild .  one lion appears to come to the rescue by jumping up and standing on the barrel while the other two lions chase after it .
barry lyttle , 33 , has been given a 13 - month suspended jail sentence .  he pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick .  patrick , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma in january following his alleged attack in kings cross in sydney ' s inner - city .  the brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one - punch assaults when they return to northern ireland .
alex oxlade - chamberlain has been ruled out of the fa cup semi - final against reading at wembley .  arsene wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week .  arsenal captain mikel arteta is also on the club ' s injury list .
kevin pietersen has not played in the lv = county championship since 2013 .  the 34 - year - old has re - signed for surrey after outgoing ecb chairman colin graves said domestic form would help .  pietersen will step up attempts to earn an england recall .
sharon freundel , wife of disgraced d . c . rabbi bernard ' barry ' ' fruendel has spoken out for the first time since his arrest last fall .  she was caught filming dozens of women changing in a ritual bathroom at the kesher israel congregation in maryland .  mrs fruenndel did allude to the scandal which shocked her community at the beginning of the talk .  ' as you all know , i ' ve become an expert in ptsd , ' she said .
73 per cent of grilled cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least six times a month .  for those who don ' t like cheese , only 27 per cent have sex with the same frequency .  the most popular filling is american cheese , followed by cheddar and mozzarella .
over the past five years , airline passengers have left behind more than $ 2 . 7 million in quarters and dimes .  the sum was $ 107 , 000 more than what was collected in 2008 at $ 383 , 414 .  according to federal law , if no one comes back to claim the money the tsa are allowed to keep it .
trevor duffy , 19 , of the bronx died two days after drinking large amounts of alcohol with other frat pledges .  his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off - campus home .  the university ' s investigation concluded duffy ' s death was the result of hazing .
amir khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently .  british rival kell brook is set to feature on his agenda for wembley blockbuster next year .  khan hasn ' t fought since his win over devon alexander in december .
documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind .  documents reportedly show staff at the australian high commission and department of foreign affairs and trade were aware the couple was from new south wales , where it is illegal to enter into international surrogacy arrangements .
blaine boudreaux , 34 , has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death .  the 34 - year - old also has an extensive dui record in his native louisiana .
star wars : episode vii - the force awakens is already being predicted to rake in a global $ 500m on its opening weekend .  that ' s more than the $ 483m record set by the final harry potter film - harry potter and the deathly hallows  part 2 - in 2011 .  disney and lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat .
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team - mate jordon ibe earlier this season .  in 2013 he was spotted outside a london nightclub with a cigarette in his mouth and was photographed holding a pipe in las vegas .  in 2011 he was given a police warning after spitting on a taxi driver who refused to take him home because he was too drunk .  here , sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field .
towie star was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his ' best ' friend and mother kym norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant .  weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia .  bobby , tweeted : ' somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @ anthonynolan and was a match for my mum , i will never be able to thank you enough ' .
photographer martin beck has snapped captain america , iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime .  his subjects look like they can ' t get over the fact they ' ve had to retire , or like they never quite passed at superhero school .
andy lee is making the first defence of his wbo middleweight belt .  the irishman makes the first fight against peter quillin in new york .  quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional .
ed miliband , nigel farage , nicola sturgeon and leanne wood will take part in tonight ' s ' challengers ' debate .  mr cameron has pledged to find 7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners .
former us president george h . w . bush is a fan of associated tennis professionals ( atp ) world tour 250 events .  bush , 90 , fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath .  roy emerson , 78 , who owns 28 major singles and doubles championships , is also a big fan and makes an annual appearance at the tournament .
alexis sanchez has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football .  the chilean forward has been nominated for the pfa player of the year .  sanchez has singled out fellow attacker santi cazorla as a ' spectacular ' player .
westley capper , 37 , has admitted driving agnese klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot .  police believe she was forced into the vehicle after a night out at puerto banus nightclub aqwa mist . agnese , whose british boyfriend , michael millis , is a former owner of west london club westbourne studios .
porto lost 6 - 1 to bayern munich in their champions league quarter - final .  jackson martinez and ricardo quaresma were one of many players to look perplexed by their warm reception .  the team bus was met with a cacophony of noise from porto supporters chanting about their club .  it was the first time that porto had reached the quarter - finals of the champions league since the 2008 - 09 season .
mail has exposed companies that have sold private financial and medical information without proper checks .  even details of those suffering from stress , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring appear on the list of data for sale .  whistleblower said it was ' madness ' that so much personal information was available to him .
paul parker ' s expired passport was listed on ebay for 5 , 000 .  the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday .  it is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history .  mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements , although companies such as at & t and corona have sponsored his fights .  it is predicted he will retire with as much as $ 100m ( 67m ) in the bank .
rudy gestede scored a hat - trick for blackburn in the 78th minute .  jordan rhodes opened the scoring for millwall in the third minute .  millwall are now four points adrift of fourth - bottom rotherham .
west brom host leicester city at the hawthorns on saturday ( 3pm ) craig dawson is set to return for the reds after serving a one - match ban .  matt upson and dean hammond are available for leicester ' s clash .
bryan santana of orlando , florida , has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate shelby fazio and her dog .  jurors also heard the after allegedly wrapping a belt around fazio ' s neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen .  santana ' s lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following an incident where he smeared feces all over himself .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing 50 notes at a casino in london ' s west end .  but after going back to his flat she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside .  they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
justin rose finished second in the masters after carding 14 - under - par .  rory mcilroy had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .  rose was looking to become the first european player to win the us open and masters .
sue and charlie macdonald raised gareth and his three brothers in rhewl - mostyn .  gareth was killed at the age of 30 after he discovered his boyfriend was conning him and his family out of money .  rycroft conned gareth out of thousands of pounds and threatened to go to the police , he murdered him .  sue said he seemed like a ' caring man ' when gareth brought him home to meet them .
manchester city captain vincent kompany has slammed uefa ' s financial fair play regulations .  the premier league champions were fined 50million and ordered to operate with a 49m transfer kitty this season .  city are debt - free , thanks to the vast wealth of owner sheikh mansour ' s heavy personal investment , while manchester united were able to splash out 150m on new talent in the summer .
kyle iveson , 24 , burst into convenience store in clitheroe , lancashire .  he demanded cash from shop assistant karen brown , 54 , mother of his daughter .  she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to police .  iveson was jailed for three years at preston crown court .
eighth grader - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called wattpad in august last year that was called ' killing children ' .  there were 11 chapters published online up until january this year , featuring stories titled ' massacre ' , ' thrown under the bus ' and ' blood , blood , and more blood ' .  the district attorney ' s office also ruled the blog was protected by the first amendment .
toya graham , a single mother - of - six , was caught on camera whacking her 16 - year - old son michael , 16 , from the baltimore riots .  she said she thought : ' my pastor is going to kill me ' .  the riots broke out following the death of freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by baltimore police .
caleb benn , a californian high school student , has developed a $ 4 . 99 ( 3 . 24 ) app for ios devices .  it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer .  now , the 17 - year - old could face a battle with instagram over hackings .  an engineer from facebook allegedly sent benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company ' s terms of service .
protesters tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world ' s largest telescopes is being built .  all of the highest points in the state are considered the home of deities .  native hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins , said kealoha pisciotta .  about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $ 250 bail .
the man , said to be in his 20s , was hit by a rush - hour train at stockwell station .  other passengers watched in horror as he bent down to pick up his bag .  the station , which also serves the victoria line , was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital .
french trainer freddy head says ride like the wind is ' on the same sort of level ' as charm spirit at this time last year .  gleneagles and highland reel , both trained by aidan o  brien , lead the entries for the 2 , 000 guineas .
studies that surveyed personnel found ' major misconceptions ' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male - only jobs .  they also revealed concerns that department leaders would ' capitulate to political pressure , allowing erosion of training standards ' .  about 68 , 800 people serve in the command , including 3 , 000 civilians .
lance futch , 26 , donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy .  ' if i had known it was my commander - in - chief , i definitely would have been wearing my blues , ' said futch .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the british national was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people ' s liberation party - front .  members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp - c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week .  both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot - out .  police had negotiated with the gunmen for six hours before the violent end to the hostage situation .
david powell , 73 , is to appear in court today charged with the murder of his mother celilia powell .  the pensioner ' s body was discovered at her home in doncaster lane , penkhull , stoke - on - trent on thursday night .  mr powell was arrested after detectives were called to his home on thursday .  he is due to appear before magistrates at newcastle - under - lyme today .
annabel beam , now 12 , believes she visited heaven when unconscious after fall .  her mother , christy wilson beam , 42 , says she ' went to heaven and sat in jesus ' s lap ' .  annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises .  doctors said ' i guess someone up there was looking out for her ' .
leo bernal , 8 , was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city , california , over the weekend .  his head was partially shaved and marred by two long , stapled incisions .  doctors had to open the child ' s skull to extract the bullet , leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples .
tim tebow , 27 , hasn ' t played a snap in the nfl in over two years since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season .  the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 heisman trophy winner .  tebow has thrown 173 completions , 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions in 35 games .
louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german - flagged ship at 1 : 30 p . m . on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing .  he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras .  a coast guard helicopter crew from north carolina flew to the ship and airlifted jordan to
chelsea clinton , the daughter of former u . s . president bill clinton , spoke at the council on foreign relations in new york city on thursday .  the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign nations but insisted it wouldn ' t return money it has already collected .  the clinton foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign governments but insisted that it wouldn  t return it already .
the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld the ruling .  the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock claimed the school district ' s yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited hinduism .  the first amendment bans school - sponsored religious promotion and prayer .  a school distort lawyer said there were no rituals in the classroom and no one was worshipping the sun or leading hindu rites .
marcin wasniewski , 34 , from foleshill , coventry , escaped death by millimetres .  he was driving into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry .  paramedics saw him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided .
dawn williamson , 39 , could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking .  therapists nik and eva speakman broke down dawn  s phobia with their no - nonsense approach , which involved ' proving ' to dawn that her fear was irrational .  by the end of the show she was able to touch a real - life 9ft burmese python as it stretched out across her lap , leaving hosts philip schofield and amanda holden gob - smacked .
walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close with a view of the river avon .  backing onto the meadow where john constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting .  it ' s nothing compared to the 23 . 1million that the tate paid in 2013 for the painting , inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s .
patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity .  school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon , who ' s his aunt .  monsignor seamus brennan , pastor of the church of the immaculate conception , said in the letter that catholic teachers should communicate the faith in ' a way that is positive and never hurtful ' .
wakefield lost 80 - 0 to warrington wolves in the super league .  the wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats .  james webster said he does not have enough players to fulfil training .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 3 - 2 in their premier league clash on sunday .  thibault courtois was exceptional for the blues in their win over qpr .  the belgian was back on form against qpr on march 22 .  courtois insists he has not lost any sleep over his high - profile errors .
the datai hotel has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city , says maria mcerlane .  langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea , 20 miles off the coast of malaysia .  in 2007 it was given world geopark status by unesco .
ron ingraham , 67 , spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish .  his boat ran aground on rocks around a mile west of hawaii ' s lanai island .  his sailing mate , kenny corder , was thrown into the water with him .  by the time he returned , he said there was no sign of him .
chelsea beat stoke 2 - 1 in their premier league clash at stamford bridge .  loic remy scored his second consecutive winner against stoke .  jose mourinho praised remy ' s professionalism and scoring ability .
alastair cook insists he is ' refreshed ' by this winter ' s enforced sabbatical at home on the farm .  england captain has had a taste already of what is to come , first of all in three caribbean tests this month .  cook made 79 in his last test innings , part of a wide - margin and third successive victory at home to india last summer .
sportsmail ' s road to rio cyclist becky james has been sidelined for a whole year .  the british cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries .  james has supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign .
lucas leiva has played more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years .  lucas has been the longest - serving player at anfield for eight years .  the 28 - year - old says he has been at liverpool so long .
michael maggio , 52 , posted private details of charlize theron ' s adoption .  the hollywood actress adopted the boy , jackson , from her native south africa .  maggio faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250 , 000 fine when he is sentenced in july .
nicole p . eramo said the article falsely said she tried to discourage victim ' jackie ' from reporting or discussing the alleged assault .  the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at u . va .  after the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a scathing report this month accompanying rolling stone had failed to meet journalistic standards .
new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs .  now boasting 148 , 000 followers , the account relies on submissions via direct messages .  highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its cute owner ' s sunglasses .
keith cameron was jailed for five years at edinburgh sheriff court .  the 54 - year - old scammed his trusting friend and neighbour out of 476 , 864 in a complicated ruse .  he promised the lighting architect a 2million return on his investment in just two years , but it was all an elaborate lie .  his wife , elizabeth , said : ' my daughters and i will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives ' .
liverpool have put a 50million price tag on raheem sterling if they opt to sell the 20 - year - old .  it could decide where gareth bale ends up if one club gets sterling and the other two miss out .  bale ' s 75m fee and near 300 , 000 - a - week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines .
love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home .  where chefs eat has more than 3 , 000 chef recommendations .  femail has picked the ten every foodie should have .
robert kushner , 32 , lost his varsity coaching job at the jack m . barrack hebrew academy after testifying about his years selling marijuana .  he is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing .
ryan mason celebrates with tottenham hotspur team - mates andros townsend and kyle walker .  the 23 - year - old was celebrating tottenham hotspur ' s equalising goal against italy on tuesday night .  mason was given 16 minutes by roy hodgson as he replaced jordan henderson .  england escaped turin with a 1 - 1 draw against italy in the friendly .
jonas gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer .  the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month .  sunderland ' s new manager won a derby in his second game in charge .
raheem sterling admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool .  brendan rodgers described the 100 , 000 - a - week contract offer as an ' incredible offer ' .  the 20 - year - old has been linked with a move to arsenal and leading clubs in spain .
geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain since it appeared a few weeks ago .  the heat blasting from the ' ring of fire ' has been measured at 792c ( 1457f ) from two metres away .  experts can ' t get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
kaka showed off an ' i belong to jesus ' vest after ac milan ' s champions league win against liverpool in 2007 .  the brazilian midfielder was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes .  i can ' t remember anyone saying that such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match .  i don ' t recall anybody saying they were inflicting their religion on the non - christians among the crowd .
dr teresa belton , author of happier people healthier planet , says there are simple things that we can do on a daily basis to increase happiness .  simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea , singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing .  belton says practices as small as going on walks can be calming and restorative .
sabrina morrison , 13 , from mesa , arizona , first raped his niece when she was 13 and even got her pregnant in 2009 .  authorities falsely said there was no evidence of a rape .  the case was re - opened in 2011 and morrison was sentenced to 24 months in prison and ordered to pay her $ 3 . 5 million in costs .  morrison ' s rape was among more than 400 sex - crime cases inadequately investigated over a three - year period ending in 2007 .
lewis ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning .  the 18 - year - old was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal .  ferguson has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines played on the screen .  barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows .  she didn ' t even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage .
kevin blandford ' s photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on imgur .  the 33 - year - old , from louisville , kentucky , won the caribbean getaway through his workplace , but his wife , bonnie , wasn ' t able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six - month - old daughter .  each photo shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife .
george w . bush suggested that obama ' s plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early .  he noted that the country ' s government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in .  he said the comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have a negative impact on us national security in the future .
jose alberto , 58 , was found dead next to a scarecrow in san jose de balcare .  prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow .
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped by a nevada highway patrol trooper .  the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .  distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 and a six - month license suspension .
the 62 - year - old actress revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 .  her teenage daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her .
brandon wyne , 17 , and his friend courtney griffith , 18 , were pulled over for a broken tail light in virginia on january 10 .  cell phone footage captured the moment wyne was stunned and pepper sprayed with a taser gun .  wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrive as he is a minor .  griffith said she does not allow marijuana in her car and demanded to be presented with an arrest warrant .
five - day - old hippopotamus was thrown into the air in isimangaliso wetland park , in eastern south africa .  its mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into air before being dragged along the surface of the water .  the two male hippos had been fighting for some time and the mother of the calf thought it would be safer to stay with her herd .
britt mchenry was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals .  the 29 - year - old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother - of - three at a towing firm .  she tweeted : ' back to work .  excited to be covering caps - isles today .  now that the suspension is over , i want to say again that i ' m so sorry ' .
rabbitohs sealed a 18 - 17 victory over the bulldogs at anz stadium in sydney .  referee gerard sutton and his colleagues penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute .  sideline interchange official darren alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder .  canterbury chief executive des hasler has apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham ' s cheikhou kouyate on sunday .  the 29 - year - old was taken to hospital where tests revealed he had suffered no fractures .  silva required eight minutes of treatment , which included wearing an oxygen mask .  city face aston villa in their next premier league game on saturday .
french health chiefs say binge drinking is an ' anglo - saxon phenomenon ' .  it is being copied by increasing numbers of youths on the continent .  but critics say it ' s a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine from a relatively early age .
the detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on sydney streets .  it was the first time people were confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge .  the camera was loaded , focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away .
earl arthur olander , 90 , was found beaten to death in his own home .  police say he was covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked .  they have offered a $ 1 , 000 reward for information which could lead to a arrest . neighbors have spoken of him as a ' stand - up person ' and a role model .
chelsea beat qpr 1 - 0 in the west london derby at loftus road .  john terry played the full 90 minutes for the chelsea side .  charlie austin made himself known to the centre - back late in the first half .  terry has been a crucial part of jose mourinho ' s premier league title bid this season .
chris smalling has been at the forefront of manchester united ' s march back to relevance .  bayern munich ' s thomas muller led the post - porto celebrations at the allianz arena on tuesday , climbing into the crowd with a loudhailer .  writing pleading letters of complaint is for jilted boyfriends and suburban curtain twitchers .
dr michael shannon saved the life of chris trokey in 2011 when he was hit by a semi - truck and pinned beneath it in his vehicle .  the duo participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in rancho santa margarita , california on sunday .
georgia davis , 22 , had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales .  she is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13 , 000 - calorie - a - day binge of takeaways and junk food .  it is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self - inflicted prison .
former blackwater security guard nicholas slatten sentenced to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 iraqi civilians .  three other guards - paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison .  a fourth , nicholas slough faces a penalty of life after being found guilty of first - degree murder .  all four were convicted in october for their involvement in the killings that caused an international uproar in downtown baghdad .
ukip leader said it was a ' reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking .  he also revealed he is finding the election campaign ' knackering ' .  david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ' come home ' to the tories .
manny pacquiao will fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  the pacman joked with trainer freddie roach on monday .  pacqui .  a civil litigator working out of los angeles - based firm glaser weil fink jacobs howard avchen & shapiro .  shapiro was an integral member of oj simpson ' s 1995 defense team when he successfully fought charges that he murdered his ex - wife nicole brown and ronald goldman in 1994 .
andy jordan has launched his own line of surf - inspired city wear .  the reality tv star was named one of london ' s best - dressed men by american gq .  he co - owns a surf school in devon , where he is an instructor .
micky adams has left tranmere by mutual consent with just two games of the season to play .  the league two side lost 3 - 0 to oxford on saturday afternoon .  adams lost just two of his first 13 games at the helm of the club .  adamsmere have not been outside the football league since joining in 1921 .  assistant manager alan rogers and academy manager shaun garnett will take temporary charge of first - team affairs .
mesut ozil posted a picture of him playing with his dog on twitter .  the arsenal playmaker has been in fine form since returning from injury .  ozil missed arsenal ' s last game against newcastle through illness .
illinois state associate coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead .  the plane , a cessna 414 , was on its way back from the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis .  bittner was married with a ten - year - old son and a businessman .  isu ' s deputy director of athletics for external affairs , aaron leetch , was also killed in the crash .
dr mehmet oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians , has been accused of being a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' on his syndicated talk show .  the eight staff wrote the op - ed for usa today after 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz .  they claim his on - air ' ozisms ' should not cancel out his stellar work .
andrei soldatov said edward snowden may have been told not to speak out on russian surveillance but continue attacking america in order to save himself from jail in the us .  he accused the former us spy of not being ' transparent ' and said he was being ' secretive ' about his arrangements with the russian authorities .  the decision by russian president vladimir putin was seen as a snub to us president barack obama at a time when relations between the two countries are strained .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones .  but his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy .  hospital staff were amazed when the youngster asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his radiotherapy treatment .  harley will undergo regular check - ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free of the disease .
prime minister accused the snp and labour of posing a ' clear and present danger ' to britain .  he said the two parties were working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit .  mr cameron said ed miliband could only become prime minister with the support of snp .
serge gnabry impressed for arsenal last season .  the 19 - year - old has not featured for the gunners since march 2014 .  the germany under 21 international has not played since march last year .
the blunder at the pensions office in essen saw a letter sent out the woman asking for 3 , 351 , 978 , 728 , 190 , 661 .  the bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of germany ' s annual gross domestic product .  in the british system , one quadrillion is also enough to pay the uk government debt nearly 2 , 000 times over .
gate at border field state park in california was opened in the mid - 1990s .  two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico . the pair , whose mother had been deported to the country while at school , only had two minutes to spend with her - because it was time for another family to be reunited .
more than 20 , 000 pupils passed ten or more gcses with either an a or an a * grade .  critics say increasing numbers of high - fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy .  figures suggest britain  s most able students are increasingly getting top marks in all subjects .
the egyptian - themed mansion , advertised as pharaoh  s palace on its website , promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa .  an august 2014 adult - themed party dubbed ' midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds , its first noise complaint .  after months of complaints both lownds and sean grey , the mansion ' s manager , got hit with code violations .
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in halfway , oregon when a masked man burst in with a gun , lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger .  the 56 - year - old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her ' preparedness ' or that the gun was loaded with blanks .  now , years after learning of the ' harebrained scheme ' , mclean is suing her rural school district over the lingering stress she feels .
carlton cole ' s contract expires at the end of the season .  it is unclear whether he ' ll stay at west ham beyond the summer .  cole admits he ' s in no position to ask his boss about an extension .
home secretary said new legislation was needed to update powers of mi5 and gchq .  but , based on current polling , parliament would be left deadlocked .  balance of power held by scottish nationalists opposed to updating law .
j .  m . giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ' swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly .  a video posted to the newspaper ' s website shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him as city paper managing editor baynard woods screams , ' he ' s a photographer ! ' .  press ! ' as the incident happened around 12 . 30am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer ' s shield .
first minister said she would regard an ' out ' vote in the tories ' proposed poll as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the uk .  she also revealed she intends to be in london to personally lead the snp ' s negotiating team in the event of another hung parliament .  miss sturgeon said she - not her predecessor alex salmond - would take charge of any talks , even though she is not running for a westminster seat and he is .
tim sherwood says he is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy .  levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season .  levy brought in mauricio pochettino and brought in glenn hoddle .
the ex bon jovi guitarist , 55 , allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would ' dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' , daily mail online can exclusively reveal .  sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 .  lund , 33 , founded the nikki rich clothing line and confessed last year that the pair had been having an on - off personal relationship for eight years .
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail . com that she became inspired to learn that a sociopath is a person ' who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room ' .
ruth davison , 44 , is director of policy and external affairs at the national housing federation .  she has been one of the country ' s biggest gainers from the private property boom .  she bought a large terrace house in islington for 440 , 000 ten years ago .  it has now rocketed to more than 1million in value .
jack henry doshay , 22 , appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty .  prosecutors are accusing doshay of attempting to kidnap a 7 - year - old girl from a solana beach , california elementary school on march 23 .  doshay was arrested on wednesday , nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap .
the noose was found early wednesday in a plaza area at the heart of the campus .  officials say the student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to duke ' s student conduct process .  the university is not identifying the student in question , citing federal education laws protecting student privacy .
police say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside .  two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help .  the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out .  no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .
audrey pekin says she was raped twice on christmas eve in bali .  the 19 - year - old claims she was attacked by a man who lured her to his home .  henry alafu lured ms pekin back to where his home and allegedly raped her .  alafu allegedly told staff to ignore her and ' to stay out of it ' .
clarence habersham , 37 , was the second officer to arrive at the dead man ' s body after michael slager ' s death .  slager , a coast guard veteran , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .  the national bar association is calling for the officer to be arrested and prosecuted for filing a false report .
dartmouth is the only ivy leage school in an early presidential primary state , making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation ' s tea leaves .  ' there hasn ' t been much good in obama ' s foreign policy , ' a government major from a group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment .  ' just because she ' s a woman doesn ' t mean she should be president , ' said a florida government major .
zlatan ibrahimovic would have been idolised at marseille , says jose anigo .  the psg striker has been compared with eric cantona for the second time .  peter schmeichel urged manchester united to make a summer move for ibrahimovic because he is similar to cantona and david beckham .
adam johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming .  the 26 - year - old was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago .  johnson scored seven goals in seven games during a run last season .
hyperemesis gravidarum ( hg ) affects one in 100 expectant mothers a year .  about 10 , 000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating condition .  it causes constant vomiting , crippling weakness and dehydration .
odion ighalo scored his 19th goal of the season in the 65th minute .  watford had been beaten by middlesbrough in the championship .  aitor karanka ' s side have now changed hands 16 times in the league .  the championship lead which boro held at the start of play has changed hands .  karanka : ' the players are completely destroyed but i am very proud of them ' .
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters .  they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system .  included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars .  others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth .
george north has been removed from the firing line by northampton .  the 22 - year - old was knocked unconscious when struck by wasps no 8 nathan hughes ' knee as he was scoring a try at franklin ' s gardens last friday night .  the saints have erred on the side of caution instead of merely abiding by the minimum , six - day return - to - play protocols .  former scotland full back rory lamont called for the welsh icon to be rested for six months .
the 15 - year - old girl was hit on entrance road in warrilla at about 1am .  driver can be heard beeping at the girl who is standing middle of the road .  the girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from hospital .  witnesses have refused to come forward for fear of being punished for underage drinking .
a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin , florida .  the swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men .  hammerheads are largely harmless to humans , but the swimmers weren ' t willing to stick around to prove it .  only three of the 11 known species of hammerhead are believed to be hostile to humans .
ciro immobile has not had the best of times in the bundesliga .  liverpool have made contact with dortmund ' s sporting director michael zorc .  spartak moscow want to rescue nemanja vidic from his nightmare spell at inter milan .
craig stoner , 24 , darren smalley , 35 , joshua finbow , 23 , and simon radford , 31 , were each charged with one count of sexual assault .  the alleged attack is said to have taken place during a party at the military base where canada ' s atlantic fleet are based .  the sailors , who are being held , are due to return to court on monday .
the boeing 787 - 8 departed from london gatwick at 9 . 40am yesterday .  it was seven - and - a - half hours into its flight to cancun when it landed in bermuda .  two men were arrested after reports of unruly behviour on a plane .
michael duff is set to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday .  the 37 - year - old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of sylvain distin .  duff is the only man to appear in all eight top tiers of english football .
more than 10 , 000 australians and new zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the gallipoli peninsula .  defence force chief mark binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in turkey .  australian prime minister tony abbott said the troops who fought in the first world war became more than just soldiers .
al kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the sru .  the 33 - year - old amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for glasgow and edinburgh .  he led glasgow warriors into their first ever test series win in the southern hemisphere .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs .  he stipulated that there must be no ' gagging or making any faces ' .  footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute ' s hesitation and running off ' to be sick ' .
insurgent actress shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot .  kate moss submerging her face in cucumber water to avoid it cleaning out .  blake lively says her mother taught her to slather mayonnaise . 12 years a slave actress lupita nyong ' o combats her dry skin with oily vegetables .
proposal has been put forward by experts at nhs health scotland .  it would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off - licences in scotland .  if introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in scotland than it is in the rest of britain , where it is 18 .
the 14 - year - old is now fighting for her life in delhi  s safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns .  she was allegedly gang - raped on sunday when she went outside her house to relieve herself .  on tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to the shock of her brother .
youtube introduced the app in february as a ' safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ' family - focused content ' .  the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with ads and product placements that it ' s hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials .
rory mcilroy will need more than a few extra sessions in the gym .  world no 1 golfer brad dalke made short work of a strength test . dalke will join the sooners after graduating a year early from high school .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper .  he had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by - election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as ' the eurovisionary carroll ' .
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between february and april this year .  overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year - on - year , jumping from 4 . 9 million for the same two - month period in 2014 .  the top country for illegal download of game of thrones was brazil , which accounted for almost one million of them .
hillary clinton ' s lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage - managed small - business roundtable in keene .  if police radar had been engaged , it would have clocked hillary ' s signature black conversion van for the uninitiated  hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on interstate 89 , where the top speed limit is 65 .  no one in the motorcade displayed flashing lights or blasted a siren .
martin springall , 38 , photographed his daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014 .  he wanted to send a picture ' to my wife , who was at work ' .  mr springall said he had ' no idea ' what the object could be .
study of 18 , 500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal gp were diagnosed , on average , a week later than others .  findings are worrying because britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe , and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms . even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat .
new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone .  since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world , due to privacy concerns and commercial rights .
zara phillips pulls out of rolex kentucky three - day event after high kingdom injury .  queen ' s granddaughter withdrew before scheduled dressage test . phillips was due to make her kentucky debut , but will now miss out .
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo would play for ' team south ' against a similar ' north ' dream team from the premier league , bundesliga and russian premier league .  the ' north vs south ' team could feature manchester city forward sergio aguero , eden hazard , angel di maria and bayern munich ' s manuel neuer .
a tunnel could be built under the world ' s tallest mountain by 2020 .  chinese state media has reported the government is planning to expand the qinghai to tibet railway ' at nepal ' s request ' .  the step is important politically as it shows beijing building links with nepal .
oleg kalashnikov was a former ally of deposed ukrainian president viktor yanukovych .  he was a deputy for the party of regions in ukraine ' s previous parliament .  at least six former ukrainian government officials have died over the past two months in various circumstances that police have said were most likely suicides .
liberal democrats will vow to protect entire education budget in next parliament .  unlike tory and labour plans , spending would rise per pupil .  extra 460 , 000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years .  mr clegg will say this is a deal - breaker in any future coalition talks .
bakary sako scored the only goal of the game in nottingham forest ' s 2 - 1 win at nottingham forest on good friday .  the 22 - year - old striker has scored nine goals in 15 games for mk dons so far this season .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
airport codes features 438 airports from 94 countries .  users can finally understand why certain airlines are tagged as they are .
albert roux has been dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years , zimbabwean - born heiress cheryl roux .  sources close to the restaurateur say he is  smitten  with ms lutsyshyna , a 41 - year - old ukrainian who used to work at the roux restaurant in westminster .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering a nine - year - old .  he was on his way to england on wednesday from calais when he struck .  prosecutors said he did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life .
the 34 - year - old reality star has revealed that she is creating an ' archive ' of her most infamous outfits .
birmingham airport could be known as ' shakespeare ' s airport ' in the u . s . there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is .  similar rebranding in china has attracted thousands of tourists .
labour ' s simon danczuk said it was ' unacceptable ' that people who were prepared to join isis should be free to come home .  it comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in turkey last week .  the rochdale nine are the biggest family group caught attempting to enter the unstable territory .
exposure to small , sooty particles alters the structure of the brain .  microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting .  thought to contribute to the deaths of 29 , 000 people every year in britain .
avalanche started on mount kumori , a 23 , 000 - foot - high peak just miles from everest , just a few miles away from everest . but on saturday , another magnitude - 6 . 6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region .  survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed .  on sunday the first survivors were flown off everest by aid helicopters and began sharing their stories of survival .
russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old .  it was found in the kaluga region after an asteroid strike in the 1990s .  the ' screw ' measures an inch ( 2cm ) long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal team called the kosmopoisk group .  but experts have not got a look at the object , so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online .
chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow .  she has moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas .  the pair have been inseparable since chloe came to the zoo three months ago after her mother was killed by a car .
alan barnes , 67 , was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead .  he was knocked to the ground by mugger richard gatiss , 21 , earlier this year .  mr barnes said it felt ' fantastic ' to be in his new home as he showed off its modern kitchen .
xue feng returned to his family in houston , texas , on friday following his release from beijing ' s no . 2 prison .  the 50 - year - old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior .  at the time of his release , xue was the only american citizen serving a sentence in a chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security .
hundreds of staff at royal courts of economics and london school of economics evacuated again today after building collapse ' like a pancake ' .  the fifth , fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building - sending a huge cloud of dust into the air .  the terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 costing local firms 40million .
the oxford university women ' s boat race team were rescued by the royal national lifeboat institution on wednesday , april 11 .  the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford ' s base .  the conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide creating three successive waves that poured over the boat ' s riggers .  chiswick and tower stations are the busiest in the country , and the rnli has saved over 3 , 600 people since the service began in 2002 .
mario balotelli tweeted : ' yeeeees city @ aguerosergiokun ! ! ! 1 - 0 ' .  .  .  stand up and shut up ' .  liverpool lost 4 - 2 to manchester united in the manchester derby .
the 35 - year - old daughter of bill clinton , the 42nd president of the united states , was often the victim of bullying remarks over her unruly hair .  in a candid interview with elle magazine , chelsea revealed : ' i don ' t actually have curly hair anymore ' .
ellie harrison , 37 , said she ' d love to stay where she is for ' a long time ' .  mother - of - two , who joined countryfile in 2011 , was asked to be ' less present ' .  but she said : ' you are hot one year but completely out of favour the next ' .
in australia , 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average .  just four per cent think they ' re worthy of the glowing epithet .  dove says that feeling beautiful is a personal choice that women should feel empowered to make for themselves every day .
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid ' s matches this season .  the 86million man has missed out on just eight starts this term .  bale ' s injury and omission meant he missed wednesday ' s game .
brad pitt , 51 and angelina jolie pitt , 39 , allegedly booked out an entire floor of hilton malta for 130 a night .  the five - star hotel was the scene of brangelina ' s much publicised balcony argument .
using simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your flowers last a lot longer .  trim a half - inch of the lower stem so that water can be absorbed freely .  hardens the flowers , which speeds up the water update through the stems .
celtic manager ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough .  the norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the bhoys .
periscope , an app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet , launched a week ago .  app developer justin esgar is warning parents about the app ' s ' land mines ' .  there are already a number of users , particularly women , reporting that they have been sexually harassed , or trolled .
roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england .  the 21 - year - old has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summer ' s england world cup party and a knee operation .  martinez believes guaranteeing safety is still their only immediate target ahead of saturday ' s visit of sixth - placed southampton .
a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash .  she dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub .  she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi , and sent them to him .  the unnamed man , also from japan , tweeted the pics to his account @ foolishnessfly2 .
aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies to yemen .  coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran - backed shi ' ite houthis .  coalition now controls the country ' s ports and air space .
armed robbery took place at a service station in watervale , victoria .  the cross - dressing robber entered the service station just before 7 . 30pm .  he produced what appeared to be an imitation machine gun from a black bag .  detectives have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries .
mel greig has written an open letter to the media warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events .  the former 2day fm co - host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge ' s first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call .  the 33 - year - old said in the letter that she understood the pressure of needing to find ' a unique angle ' when providing coverage of news events .
paul mcgowan has been placed on a 16 - week restriction of liberty order .  the dens park bad boy was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman .  the 27 - year - old will miss two forthcoming games against former club celtic .
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can .  the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league .  the former inter milan star says keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .
simon cowell runs the wildlife aid foundation in leatherhead , surrey .  the cub is clearly distressed and spits at the wildlife expert  s incoming hand .  mr cowell accesses the cub and notes that it is quite young without any signs of damage caused by getting stuck .
crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in copenhagen .  the 43 - year - old cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial .  attendance came days after her comments in a televised interview .
reid said he is ' sightless in my right eye ' following a new year ' s day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because ' i can  t see out of my eye , and that  s the way it  s going to be until something comes along that  ll change it , ' he said in an interview this week .  the 75 - year - old former boxer said he was ' fortunate ' the band only hit him in the temple .
le manoir aux quat ' saisons has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened .  the restaurant boasts stunning grounds , luxury accommodation and seasonal medicines , salads and vegetables .
micha stunz , 45 , has a 9 inch - long , 3 . 5 inch penis that now weighs between 3 and 4 . 3kg , he claims . he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public .  the silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him .
the new collagen - laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level .  the beer is currently on available in japan  s northern island of hokkaido .  the company has yet to reveal how effective the beer has been in trials , or how much it costs .
alastair cook passed alec stewart ' s 8 , 463 runs to become england ' s second highest test run - scorer .  cook had watched west indies  last pair of devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel add an unlikely 52 to undo much of good work .
calum chambers is on the books at cassius sports management .  raheem sterling ' s adviser aidy ward is also involved .  kieran gibbs also has a soon - to - be family adviser in his mother donna  s fiance andy harris .  fabio capello is yet to respond to greg dyke ' s campaign to boost home - grown talent .
a duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in cambridge , massachusetts on saturday morning .  one person was later arrested in connection with the grisly discovery .  all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , whose death is being treated as a homicide .
towering structure 130 miles from anchorage was once a two - story home .  it was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees .  now it teeters at an impressive 12 storys high , bearing a stark resemblance to the kind of houses drawn in dr seuss ' s books .
floyd mayweather jr is boxing  s undisputed world champion .  he will take on manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on saturday night .  mayweather is better than muhammad ali and sugar ray robinson ever were .
police began combing woodland in argyll following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control .  the plane was travelling from central scotland to tiree , the most westerly island of the inner hebrides when it was reported to have dived .  lifeboats and helicopters were scrambled near loch etive , about 30 miles east of oban .  it comes after a rescue operation was launched in the beinn nan lus area of glen kinglass earlier today .
mike tindall was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number ' 3 ' .  monbeg dude , the horse he owns with james simpson - daniel and nicky robinson was sent off unconsidered at 40 / 1 .  the 88 , 400 was by far the biggest pot collected in his 24 - race career .
jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york - based company ' print all over me ' .  the sisters have over 111 , 000 followers on instagram .  the photo shoot took place in sydney ' s luna park .
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school , in houston .  the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter .  the video , which was posted online , shows the mother - wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student along with another girl .  at one point the student ' s hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape .
eight - year - old boy was hospitalised after prank called ' sleeper ' went wrong .  officers in north manchester have issued a warning to parents on facebook .  the child is believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery .  the prank involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen .
the moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile .  they journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the innoko river before reaching the grass meadows of lower innoko .  wood bison were imported from canada to the alaska wildlife conservation center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed .
senator bob corker , a republican from tennessee , said congressional oversight ' doesn ' t mean there won ' t be a deal ' .  he said congress has a responsibility to scour details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the obama administration hard questions about it .  negotiators announced a framework deal on thursday .  the deal is scheduled to be finalized by june 30 .
adam johnson , 27 , will appear at peterlee magistrates ' court on may 20 .  he is accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming .
the female , named varvara , swam 14 , 000 miles ( 22 , 500km ) from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico , and back , without stopping for a snack when she was nine years old .  until now , scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whale - the eastern gray whale , which journeys along the west coast of eastern asia .  her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature  s conservation status .
the two - bedroom property in snodland , kent , was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915 .  the couple raised their son gordon and three daughters , freda , hilda and gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom .  but freda died last december , aged 99 , and the younger family members have now moved away .
reanne evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month .  the 29 - year - old has won 10 women ' s world titles and plays irishman ken doherty in qualifying .  evans admits she is dreaming of making the main draw , which will require her and all the other 128 entrants to win three best - of - 19 - frame matches .
vin los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo - covered visage and dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world .
vincent stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering stephanie scott , 26 , on easter sunday .  ms scott is survived by her fiance aaron leeson - woolley , and was killed just days before the pair were set to wed .  mr stanford ' s mother anika met with leeton mayor paul maytom last thursday .  a memorial service for ms scott will take place in eugowra in nsw ' s central west , at the venue where her wedding was due to be held .
the sleep health foundation has released a study reporting that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis .  the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine .  any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person .
ashley and mary olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world .  despite their similar appearances they are not actually identical twins .  they share virtually identical dna , meaning they are more closely related to each other than to anyone else , including their parents or their own children .
amy , 24 , has designed a summer range full of pastel prints .  says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ' definitely ' for real women .
rory mcilroy hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place .  world no 1 jordan spieth won his first ever major title with victory at augusta on sunday .
olsi beheluli claims he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess .  the 24 - year - old was a member of a gang responsible for selling ' significant quantities ' of class a drugs .  officers seized more than 4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided gang ' s ' stash house ' in brent , north west london .  they also found stacks of money , counterfeit identity documents and equipment used for drug dealing .
the rapper , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared in palm beach county court on thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge from february .  he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1 , 333 to the .  estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture .  and pool equipment from the $ 1million home .  police say he stole items from the house while he was filming his reality show inside an nearby home .
demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show ' s latest addition .  last week she was barely showing  but his heart is well and truly off the market .  women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman .
ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 .  some of the asian elephants will live out their post - performance lives in the center , while other will be used for breeding .  poaching and habitat destruction are among the reasons for the decline .
illinois rep .  luis gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations .  the two - page booklet details president barack obama ' s expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) and lawful permanent residents ( dapa ) policies .  critics say it is ' flaunting the law ' and encourages a false sense of security for immigrants who are in the country illegally .
lax is america ' s second busiest airport in terms of passengers handled each year .  some airports don ' t help themselves when faced with long queues for security , immigration and customs . the layout at los angeles airport has been criticised by many visitors .
aaron cresswell has impressed for west ham this season .  the 25 - year - old has impressed during his first season in the premier league .  manchester city are desperate to add to their quota of english players .  jack wilshere , jordan henderson and rebel raheem sterling are also on city ' s wanted list .
chinese designers have developed a washing machine called the bike washing machine .  when ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum of the washing machine to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer .  a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use .  students at dalian nationalities university are now building a prototype of the machine .
floyd mayweather jnr took to the swimming pool to continue his mega - fight preparations .  the boxer tested his muscles against the resistance of the water .  it is now less than a month until both boxers meet in las vegas for the richest fight in boxing history .
ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his autobiography time to talk on the eve of the west indies - england series .  ambrose ' s deal with england england ended with his arrest and subsequent 110 - year jail sentence .  new ecb president giles clarke did not want to discuss the stanford legacy saying it was a long time ago .
katrina maddox , 23 , pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last thursday .  her second son , reuben , was born in the back of the ambulance .  mrs maddox said : ' i can ' t imagine there are many people who have both their children like this - it must be a million to one ' .
chelsea bruck , 22 , was last seen in frenchtown township , michigan , on october 26 .  about 15 miles from where her body was discovered .  police say evidence indicates the death was a homicide , although a cause of death remains inconclusive .  the medical examiner ' s office in wayne county used dental records to confirm the body is bruck ' s . investigators and volunteers had been searching for bruck and more than one million fliers were handed out .
matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester ' s fashionable northern quarter and hid .  in one case he walked into his victim ' s bedroom as she slept in the early hours , making off when she switched the light on and saw him .  he now risks arrest if he enters the area , where each of his terrified victims lived , at any time in the next five years .
ben flower landed a sickening blow on lance hohaia in the super league grand final in front of 75 , 000 spectators at old trafford .  the 27 - year - old is coming to the end of a six - month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league .  flower promised that he was a changed man and wants to make a positive impact on the pitch when he returns .
the two - storey hospital outpatient building in zhengzhou , china , was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project .  but hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put ' wheels ' on the giant cylinder - shaped rollers .  the large brick building is 1 , 700 square metres in size and requires more than 1 , 000 wheels to make the daily ' walk ' possible .
eva mozes kor , 81 , publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week .  she called for prosecutions of former ss officers to end in germany .  mrs kor ' s co - plaintiffs said they could not forgive him for his participation .
jay kantaria , 38 , from harrow , north - west london , had been looking forward to his daughter ' s birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill last october .  but a coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death , saying there was ' doubt ' as to mr kantaria ' s intention when he jumped as a train passed through the station .
marcos rojo and angel di maria appeared in manchester united ' s 3 - 1 win over aston villa on easter sunday .  manchester united defender rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside di maria and their families while sitting on a private plane .  the mail on sunday exclusively revealed he had an affair with fitness instructor sarah watson .  watson claims she was offered 35 , 000 by a newspaper to sell the story about her affair with rojo .
posters telling muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across cardiff .  they read : ' democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah ' .  cardiff council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed .
the tiny fishing village of jose ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous .  rolling stone ronnie wood and ronnie cipriani are among the stars said to have escaped the spotlight .  uruguay ' s beaches are taken over by well - heeled brazilians and argentinians looking for good food and sunshine .
chelsea captain john terry has revealed his pfa team of the year picks .  philippe coutinho and harry kane have been named in terry ' s xi .  harry kane has scored 19 league goals so far this season .  manchester united ' s david de gea and laurent koscielny also named .
pianist laurie holloway was asked to accompany the queen by princess margaret .  the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time .  the queen mother enjoyed a drink of gin at 11am according to a new biography .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bath beat newcastle 29 - 19 at kingston park in the aviva premiership .  sam burgess made his first start for bath in the back row .  mike ford praised burgess ' s efforts following the game .  bath are now six points behind premiership leaders northampton .
manny pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing and performing in a music video in the philippines .  the filipino is a multi - talented individual having tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career .  the 36 - year - old will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
mauricio pochettino has given harry kane his blessing to play in the european under 21 championships this summer .  the 21 - year - old will be available to play for the under 21s at this year ' s european championships .  roy hodgson has given kane the green light to participate in the competition despite the striker ' s workload .  hugo lloris will miss saturday ' s clash against burnley with a gashed knee sustained in the win over leicester before the international break .
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113 - 100 .  lebron james chipped in with 20 points as the cavs took a 1 - 0 lead in their best of seven - game series .  los angeles clippers ' point guard chris paul scored 32 points , and blake griffin added 26 points and 12 rebounds .
thousands of visitors from the uk , australia , new zealand , india and france have gathered to honour the fallen .  at 0430 , allied troops landed at a point where asia meets europe , anzac cove , and the sea of marmara to the east .
eric carter , 21 , and stephanie mccassin , 24 , charged with endangering the welfare of a child .  the child ' s grandmother and primary caretaker found the child in the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub .  both have been released on personal recognizance bail .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada to lift his tally to 36 .  the real madrid forward now has more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in europe ' s top five leagues , including nine in england .  ronaldo ' s record of 36 league goals for the season overtook lionel messi ' s 32 strikes as the quickest hat - trick of his career .
swansea beat everton 3 - 1 in their premier league clash on saturday .  garry monk wants to stop roberto martinez profiting at his old liberty stadium stomping ground .  the spaniard has won the last three games in the premier league .  everton have had to balance their domestic commitments with a demanding europa league campaign which saw them knocked out at the round - of - 16 stage last month .
lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for a minimum of 32 years for the horrific murder of maureen anne horstman , 67 , and her 26 - year - old daughter tamara alexandra horstman .  cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead .  a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident .  cameron described himself as a ' walking time bomb ' and that he told police he had taken ice and speed .
edinson cavani has rejected rumours he does not get on with zlatan ibrahimovic .  the paris saint - germain forward has been linked with a summer exit .  cavani admits he and ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends .  psg beat marseille 3 - 2 at new stade velodrome on sunday .
texas a & m , galveston , professor irwin horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester .  his email to his students read : ' none of you , in my opinion , given the behavior in this class , deserve to pass , or graduate to become an aggie ' .
carlos tevez has scored 36 goals in the italian league since arriving at juventus in 2013 .  the argentine striker says it is harder to score in the premier league than england .  tevez won the champions league with manchester united in 2008 .
tony pulis has discussed pre - season plans with saido berahino . england under 21 striker has been linked with a move away from west brom .  pulis said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in champions league football .
serena williams beat carla suarez navarro 6 - 2 6 - 0 in saturday ' s final .  the world no 1 won the final 10 games in a one - sided final .  williams paid tribute to suarez navarro after the win .
daniel demarco was arrested in an elmwood park car lot at 2 . 45pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia .  the 28 - year - old was charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and dwi .  he is scheduled to appear in court on tuesday .
the irs ' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season .  for those who weren ' t disconnected , only 40percent actually got through to a person .  many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen said .  the agency ' s budget has been cut by $ 1 . 2 billion since 2010 .
bruce jenner ' s 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city was stopped by craig ' s in west hollywood on thursday evening .
no man ' s land fort is one of three guarding the solent , just off the coast of the isle of wight .  guests can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events .  it is three times the size of spitbank fort and cost 46million to build .
theo walcott has just over 12 months left on his current 90 , 000 - a - week deal .  the 26 - year - old has struggled for playing time so far this season .  liverpool and manchester city are keen on the england winger .
james and hope ben canaan have left the gloriavale christian community .  gloriavale is home to around 500 residents , sometimes known as cooperites , who wear a plain , blue uniform and reject birth control .  the family of fourteen who walked out last month declared they were living in a ' false system ' .  they fled 300km south to the town of timaru , where supporters from the marchwiel reformed baptist church community have helped them adapt to a world where christmas and birthday
at its peak in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of nearly 2 , 280 ships moored across the united states .  at its height in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of 2 , 277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in 2007 .  today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .  the worst affected mooring side is suisun bay in california where less than 50 ships remain .
the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1 . 7 million times on youtube .  the original song for the popular nbc sitcom , sung by star will smith , details how his character grew up in west philadelphia , where he got into a neighborhood fight .
rotherham council will offer up to 200 , 000 to candidates , rather than outgoing boss martin kimber .  he left in december after a council report said 1 , 400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16 - year period .  the rest of the cabinet resigned in february after a government report said the council was ' not fit for purpose ' and ' in denial ' about exploitation , mainly of white girls by men of pakistani origin .
arsenal may pull out of the running to sign raheem sterling .  the 20 - year - old is stalling on a new 100 , 000 - per - week contract at anfield .  arsene wenger has condemned the likes of jack wilshere and wojciech szczesny over smoking incidents .
richie benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc .  he had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since november .  benaud took 248 test wickets and hit 2 , 201 runs , with three centuries .
alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man after his team ' s narrow loss to port adelaide on saturday night .  the footage shows the man , thought to be an adelaide power fan , taunting clarkson as he made his way back to his adelaide hotel room .  it ' s understood the pair had been goading clarkson in the lead - up to the confrontation .  hawthorn ceo stuart fox , who saw the incident , has described it as ' very unfortunate ' .
storm started sunday evening in comanche county , texas and moved northeast towards the dallas / fort worth for next several hours .  more than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over stephenville , 70 miles southeast of fort worth .  residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of ' complete destruction ' when it touched down .
floyd mayweather gave fans an inside look of his private jet on wednesday .  the wba and wbc welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand the money team .  muhammad ali wants to see pacquiao emerge triumphant come may 2 , according to his daughter .
wylie brys and his dad , tim brys , were digging for fossils near a grocery store when he found the dinosaur bones .  it ' s believed that the bones wylie found belong to a nodosaur , a pony - sized herbivore with scaly , plated skin .  scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his 5 - year - old son excavate the fossil .  university experts said it is rare to find a dinosaur in the dallas area .
lorraine kelly has been attending regular zumba classes .  the 55 - year - old has managed to drop two dress sizes from a 14 to 10 .  in an interview with woman , she gushed about her zumba instructor .  zumba is a fitness programme , combining latin and international music .
russell brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned bali nine duo from facing death row .  the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed ' execution island ' in java .  brand also encouraged his fans to attend an exhibition of sukumaran ' s work organised by his cousin who lives in london to be held at amnesty international ' s london headquarters today .
sunday ' s party marked the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war in santa barbara d ' oeste , brazil .  thousands turn out every year , including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who settled here from 1865 to 1875 .
ten people , including four children , have been involved in a multi - vehicle crash in brisbane ' s west . a 40 - year - old man with chest and shoulder injuries were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter .  six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .  the affected stretch of the highway has been closed off , with diversions in place south of fernvale .
daniel agger allegedly elbowed fc copenhagen ' s mattias jorgensen .  the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials .  fc copenhagen are second in denmark ' s superligaen .
the youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him .  when he resisted , they set him on fire , police said .  the seven - year - old suffered 30 per cent burns to his body .
west ham became the first premier league club to reduce season ticket prices for fans .  manager sam allardyce has said that filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club in a long time .  west ham ' s season tickets will cost as little as 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year .
american model , 23 , shot to fame as the star of robin thicke ' s blurred lines video .  has become an object of desire for men worldwide .
britain ' s biggest fashion retailer has overtaken the company on profits .  next ' s designer cut - out shoulder dress is a fraction of the price .  it takes three to four months for designs on the catwalk to appear .
derry mathews may still fight for the title in his home city if the wba strip abril of his wba lightweight belt is removed .  the cuban was due to face mathews on april 18 in liverpool .  abril previously withdrew ahead of the original date of march 6 and has only fought three times since 2012 .
arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a 4 . 5million deal .  the 16 - year - old forward has been compared to lionel messi .  dick law has travelled to argentina to finalise a deal for the youngster .
dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the national football league .  the decision followed a two - month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february .  hardy was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend , nicole holder , and threatening to kill her .
alvaro arbeloa , asier illarramendi and nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their hq .  real madrid ' s first - team stars are allowed 24 - hour access to the club ' s hq .  each player has their own personalised room by a finger recognition system fitted on the door .  cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and james rodriguez can socialise in their spare time .
the clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto .  it is designed to make people think twice about the way they look at people who sleep rough .  many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like , ' i hate the homeless , i don  t feel sorry for you , ' and ' i saw a homeless girl across the street .  i almost vomited ' .
bulgaria ' s most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .  it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .  only in turkey , where inflation is 7 . 6 %  compared to virtually zero in britain and the eurozone  will britons find the cost of a day out much more expensive .
marc carn , 29 , was drinking in an irish bar with ten friends on saturday night .  he failed to turn up for his flight back home from the spanish city .  the father - of - four was dropped ' miles away ' from his accommodation .  family said his disappearance was out of character and feared he would miss first birthday of his twins freddie and stanley .  mr carn today handed himself into the british consulate - having walked for two days to try and get back to barcelona .
manchester united face manchester city in the premier league on sunday .  rio ferdinand believes wayne rooney is fundamental to united ' s performance .  ferdinand praised van gaal for moving his captain further up the field .  ander herrera , marouane fellaini and michael carrick have all been important .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
researchers from germany , canada and the united states analysed answers to the hitler question from 6 , 100 people .  they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing .  another question imagined that the only way out of poverty and stavation was making a young girl do sex work for money .
amanda oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of periscope , twitter ' s new live broadcasting platform .  she has been ' loved ' over 7 . 5 million times in less than a month since it launched .  so far she has had little competition from ' real ' celebrities .
ally lees , of alfie bird ' s restaurant in birmingham , created the dish in time for easter .  it contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man .  ally said it was the biggest food challenge he has ever taken on but was pleased with the end result .  he said : ' it ' s the biggest omelette i ' ve ever cooked in my life and it took a while but i think it looks great ' .
diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame .  the controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems . pepsico said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the u . s .
tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact family to say she was safe after a 7 . 9 - magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday .  in fortunate twist , she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp because she was ill and had stopped off to recover .  holden said there was a possibility that her sister had been airlifted from the mountain or could even have walked back down .  she said : ' we are extremely lucky .  i ' m dying to hear her voice ' .
nasa  s mars reconnaissance orbiter captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater .  but interestingly , the rover  s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather .  the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches ( 25cm ) per pixel .
joy webb , 17 , took her 80 - year - old grandfather james drain as her date to prom this past saturday night .  drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korean war .
dane bowers , 35 , is accused of hitting his ex - fiancee in front of her son .  the former another level star , of no fixed address , was charged with common assault in connection with an incident which took place in february .  he answered his police bail last thursday and today scotland yard confirmed he is due to appear before magistrates in south london next month .
chelsea beat manchester city 1 - 0 in the fa youth cup final first leg .  tammy abraham scored the only goal of the game .  dominic solanke scored a late equaliser for the visitors .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight in las vegas on saturday .  sky box office is offering the fight for 19 . 99 , but it will become the biggest pay - per - view in sport .  mike tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing fights .  the average payout for mayweather stands at $ 22 . 4m ( 14m )
ramon c . estrada , 62 , was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on sunday at utah state prison in draper , utah .  he was scheduled to have dialysis friday at the prison ' s treatment center , but a technician did not show up on friday or saturday .  the technician or technicians involved worked for a university of utah hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison .
chancellor said labour had ' form ' on jacking up income tax and national insurance .  insisted ed balls and ed miliband would do same if given the chance after may 7 .  david cameron will say there is just one month to save britain from ' disaster ' .
the palm squirrel had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in india .  he gave a big yawn and flicked out his tongue after waking up .  the species are found naturally in india and sri lanka .
iain duncan smith said zero - hours contracts should be re - named ' flexible hours ' .  labour said ' marie antoinette ' moment showed ' just how out of touch ' tories .  labour pledging to ban exploitative deals while unions have been pressing for them to be scrapped altogether .
dr ram manohar , 38 , of barnston , wirral , denies four counts of sexual assault .  he is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 .  nurse a & e told her ' this type of teaching is only for you ' before she left the room ' feeling disgusted with herself ' .
ukip leader said ' millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats over next few years .  he insisted the uk could not take more than ' a few thousand ' genuine refugees . comments came as experts warned up to 30 , 000 migrants could be killed this year .  up to 950 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off libya .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty .  his charge was changed from ' cruelty ' to ' endangerment ' and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20 , 000 .  on saturday , he posted bail .  he will be released by sunday morning , with a court date set for april 24 .
the apple watch sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet ( 1 . 2 metres ) in a test conducted in sacramento , california , it survived unscathed despite a nasty  crack  noise when the timepiece hit the pavement .  when techrex dropped the watch  not aiming at the display ,  it smashed instantly .
jordan spieth equalled tiger woods ' 72 - hole record and became the first man to reach 19 under par at augusta .  the 21 - year - old moved from fourth in the world rankings to second behind rory mcilroy as a result .  jack nicklaus believes it is time for the ' young guys to take over ' .
west ham lost 4 - 2 to stoke city at the etihad stadium on sunday .  sam allardyce ' s side are currently fourth in the premier league table .  the hammers are adrift of leaders chelsea and liverpool in the race for champions league qualification .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
gary bowyer says it ' doesn ' t make sense ' that john o ' sullivan is ineligible to play in their fa cup fifth round replay against liverpool .  bowyer was on loan at barnsley from league one barnsley last month .
shannon hayes , 12 , believes her pet hen has laid the world ' s smallest ever egg .  she keeps seven hens at her family home in capel iwan , carmarthenshire .  the tiny egg is only a small fraction of the normal size of the traditional breakfast favourite .
rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment .  pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row .  now faces a bill of 30 , 000 to get her smile back .
church of england ' s ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath  s 45c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building .  engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a roman drain where 850 , 000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground .  they hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world - first natural underfloor heating system .
april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of ' animal therapy ' .  the term ' autism spectrum disorders ' ( asd ) is an umbrella term that includes autistic disorder ; asperger ' s and atypical autism .  it can provide companionship for the child , as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and ' brightness ' to the household .
ed miliband said it was ' not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next .  he said a labour government would give workers the right to demand a ' regular contract ' if they do regular hours .  announcement comes after david cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero - hours contract after being grilled by jeremy paxman last week .
liz clark , 34 , studied environmental studies at the university of california in santa barbara .  she promised to document her travels on a cal 40 sailboat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor .  liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat , travelling about 25 , 000 nautical miles to date .  sailing around the world offers liz the perfect chance for scenic stop - offs to practise yoga .
binky , 24 , has been in the cast of the hit e4 programme since 2011 .  says she loves a faux fur jacket as it will jazz up any outfit .  has teamed up with phone case company otterbox .
leicester city host swansea city in the premier league on saturday .  nigel pearson ' s side are unbeaten in four games so far this season .  they have won just once since november , and have won eight in a row .  pearson wants to keep a lid on expectations in the chase for survival .  the clarets will escape the drop zone for the first time since november .
kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas , was arrested on monday for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15 - year - old student .  she was also arrested last month when she admitted kissing another boy , also 15 , and lettin him touch her breasts .  the abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between granado and one of the boys last month .
new england patriots will take on the pittsburgh steelers on thursday , september 10 .  week one also features a prime - time showdown between the new york giants and dallas cowboys .  seattle seahawks will play the st louis rams in their opening game .
rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday .  paul mcginley says the world no 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport .
lance corporal joshua leakey is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour .  the 27 - year - old braved heavy gunfire from 20 taliban insurgents in august 2013 to rush to the aid of a wounded us marine .  the queen told him : ' i don  t get to give this one out very often .  did you ever imagine you  d be standing here ? well done ' .
inter milan were held to a 1 - 1 home draw at home to parma on saturday .  roberto mancini cancelled his players ' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session .  the players have rested the day before the match , so it is right that they train .
david cameron and boris johnson were at advantage children ' s day nursery in surbiton , south west london .  they were supposed to be highlighting tory plans to double free childcare for 600 , 000 children aged three and four .  when they tried to put the puzzle back together , they hit trouble after being put right by a four - year - old who spotted their errors .
more than two dozen babies born to nepalese surrogates are being airlifted to safety after saturday ' s devastating earthquake .  several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an israeli military base on one of the country ' s emergency rescue aircraft in the morning .  later in the day , five more infants landed safely in tel aviv with their israeli families .
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed .  nasheed , the indian ocean archipelago ' s first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 , was sentenced to 13 years in prison .  the case against the president stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge by the maldivian military .
evita nicole sarmonikas died on march 20 while undergoing plastic surgery in mexico . dr victor ramirez , of the hospital quirurgico del valle in mexicali , gave a ' brazilian butt lift ' to a young australian tourist . the 52 - year - old woman was in so much pain she could not move .  dr ramirez lost another patient the year before her death .
nigel jackson , 59 , is accused of murdering his wife brenda davidson , 72 .  he was arrested at his home in alvor , near portimao , in the algarve in january .  at the time he claimed mrs davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer .  but after being shown evidence she was killed , he had changed his story .  in a letter from jail entitled ' love , care devotion and betrayal ' .
karim benzema believes real madrid are capable of retaining the champions league .  the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season .  benzema ' s club team - mate james rodriguez has heaped praise on carlo ancelotti .
helsinborg manager henrik larsson was forced to play daniel andersson .  the 42 - year - old had no option but to play goalkeepers par hansson and matt pyzdrowski out injured .  andersson earned one cap for sweden in 2001 .
amedy coulibaly stormed into hyper cacher jewish store , killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces .  lawyers claim french media endangered the lives of hostages hiding in the freezer by revealing their location live on air .  the heavily televised events in eastern paris came two days after cherif and said kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo .
president barack obama made an unscheduled stop to the bob marley museum in jamaica last night .  he was met by prime minister portia simpson - miller , u . s . ambassador to jamaica luis moreno and a dozen other dignitaries .  obama is in jamaica to meet the 15 - member caribbean community bloc .
the homeless period project hopes to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their monthly cycle .  it is encouraging people to donate tampons and sanitary towels to their local homeless shelter .  team behind the campaign , oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty , wrote hard - hitting messages on cardboard boxes .
aaron hernandez was booked at mci cedar juntion prison in walpole , massachusetts on wednesday for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd .  hernandez hasn ' t set foot in the stadium since june 2013 , when he was arrested under suspicion of murdering odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez ' s fiancee at the time .  hernandez has vowed to appeal the decision .
half of three to six - year - olds say they worry about being fat .  a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets .  in just a few days , the clip gets 120 views , suggesting no surprise .
karen buckley , 24 , was last seen on cctv leaving the city ' s sanctuary nightclub with a man at 1am on sunday .  police have arrested a 21 - year - old man ' in connection with her death ' .  the nurse ' s handbag had been found on a farm outside glasgow .  police cordoned off land to the north of glasgow , near high craigton farm and windyhill golf club .
didier drogba was spotted on his mobile phone in london on tuesday .  chelsea striker replaced diego costa during chelsea ' s 2 - 1 win over stoke .  the 37 - year - old has scored six goals in 34 appearances for jose mourinho ' s side this term .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
tv insiders say lily james , who stars in new disney cinema hit cinderella , would be ideal as mary in the new tv adaptation .  lord fellowes has revealed he is to turn trollope ' s 1858 novel doctor thorne into a new three - part historical drama for itv .  tv critics want hugh bonneville , who plays lord grantham in downton .
louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year .  the dutchman has taken united back to where they wanted to be  into the top four .  the club must think big or forever remain small .
psg host paris saint - germain at the stade velodrome on sunday night .  the home side have won seven of france ' s last eight classique matches .  coach marcelo bielsa has reached a stage whereby no matter how well he instructs him .
aaron hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of odin lloyd , a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancee ' s sister .  if convicted , hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison .
massimo vian , one of the heads of milan - based luxottica , said his team is working on two new versions of its google glass project .  google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre - launch explorer program for google glass earlier this year , prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget .
the uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are heading through the arabian sea .  the vessels are believed to be joining other u . s . ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen .  a pentagon spokesman denied the ships were on a mission to intercept iranian arms shipments .
michelle obama and jimmy fallon took it to the dance floor on thursday night to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity .  called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair teamed up once again to show off some self - made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move .  it was a follow - up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013 , in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids .
researchers examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 .  half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner .  the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have both had their say in public about the dispute that broke out after the chinese grand prix .  hamilton said rosberg had been ' selfish ' by slowing down while leading the race .  rosberg was clearly angry with hamilton in sunday ' s press conference .
frida kahlo : the gisele freund photographs are part of a new book .  the images portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed .  frida is a feminist icon for her striking and unapologetic style .
noaa fisheries in maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered .  they want to break up global population into 14 sub - populations .  ten of these would be deemed ' not at risk ' , two ' threatened ' and two would remain ' endangered ' .  it follows a conservation ' success story ' that raised numbers to 90 , 000 .
matt kemp ' s rage is seen during an episode of sbs ' s heat in the kitchen .  the 44 - year - old labelled his expletive - ridden tirade on his then - wife lela radojkovic in 2004 .  kemp said he would work himself into a ' frenzy ' because of his uncontrollable rage .  he said he missed out on a lot of their childhoods .  former nrl player mark geyer also had anger management issues .
the average cost of property in salcombe , devon , is 671 , 759 , according to new data .  the seaside town in the south hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price : 638 , 217 .  in the west london neighbourhood of notting hill , property prices average 1 , 629 , 495 .  regent ' s park comes in with an average property value of 1 , 338 , 467 and hampstead heath at 1 , 270 , hampstead .
forty - five per cent of britons have lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards . 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner ' s finances .  four per cent lied to a partner about what they spend on themselves .  not wanting a partner to think they earned more came in second .
albert webb , 51 , and sons jimmy chuter , 26 , and jesse webb , 19 , followed people aged up to 97 home from the post office after they collected their pensions .  if the victim had no money on them , they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it , or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them .  most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s , while the eldest was a 97 - year - old man .
shane warne hailed richie benaud as the ' godfather of cricket ' .  the former australia captain died at the age of 84 .  benaud took 190 wickets and scored 2 , 201 runs in 68 tests .
mesut ozil was spotted in a nightclub hours after missing arsenal ' s win at newcastle united last month .  arsene wenger has spoken to ozil about the incident and insists he is satisfied with his explanation .  mikel arteta , alex oxlade - chamberlain , jack wilshere , mathieu debuchy and abou diaby had all returned to training but weren ' t ready to make their return .
rekha nagvanshi , 30 , was caught urinating into the tea she was serving to her in - laws .  she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly .  parents - in - law suraj , 60 , and her husband deepak , 55 , found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it .
bafetimbi gomis scored a spectacular overhead kick to double the home side ' s lead in the first half .  the french striker doubled the lead in front of a group of young supporters at the liberty stadium .  hull have lost their last seven games in the premier league so far this season .
joseph devaney , 23 , and kieron rolstron , 22 , were watching tv in chorley , lancashire .  they demanded money from the couple who demanded money .  but as they watched in horror , they brought down the machete on the dog ' s head .  cookie suffered serious injuries and is now recovering at home in lancashire .  owners john and emma evans jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking .
jack wilshere returned from injury to captain arsenal under 21s .  serge gnabry and long - term absentee abou diaby continued his own return .  former arsenal defender martin keown ' s son niall scored the winner .
keir starmer ran the crown prosecution service for five years .  he was in charge when operation elveden began its tainted ' witch hunt ' .  dawn raids on suspects ' homes , mass arrests and long periods of bail ended in not guilty verdicts .  already a kcb and a qc , he is likely to add mp to his lengthy list of titles and be returned for the safe labour seat of holborn and st pancras .
cardinal francis george died friday , april 17 at age 78 after a long battle with cancer .  he was to be buried thursday in his family ' s plot at all saints cemetery in nearby des plaines .  george led a group of u . s . bishops who persuaded resistant vatican officials to more quickly oust guilty priests .
david atherton , 65 , went to put his meal in the oven when he caught sight .  he scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box .  rspca officers came to collect the snake the same evening .  it has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist .
sir alex ferguson signed a 5 , 000 donation to the remember mary barbour fund in glasgow on thursday .  the 73 - year - old has been associated with a good dozen charities or foundations .  the former manchester united boss was famous not just for the trophies won .
employers added just 126 , 000 jobs 0the fewest since december 2013 - snapping a 12 - month streak of gains above 200 , 000 .  the unemployment rate remained at 5 . 5 percent , the labor department said in its monthly report friday .  employers now appear wary about the economy , especially as a strong dollar has slowed u . s . exports , home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending .
lizzi crawford , 32 , from stoke - on - trent , dropped over 7st after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant .  the mother - of - six had reached a size 24 dress after living on a diet of burgers , pizzas and kebabs .  she also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits .
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he ' s never left the hospital .  his mother stacy maitai had to give up her job in perth to provide full - time care for her son .  the 28 - year - old is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she is not an australian citizen .  about 15 to 20 cases of pks are known to be in australia , according to the pallister killian syndrome foundation of australia .
a fed - up resident of cammeray stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders .  ' if you can ' t afford to park in the cbd don ' t come here ! ! head straight for the bus stop , ' it read .  a local woman , who only wanted to be known as lauren , said it was a real issue .
toni duggan shared an image of her with manchester united boss louis van gaal .  the 23 - year - old received a number of abusive messages on social media .  duggan has since removed the photo from instagram .
ed balls and shadow health secretary andy burnham warn the nhs ' cannot survive ' another five years of the tories in government .  ambulance response times for the most serious call - outs will rise to over nine minutes , 500 , 000 fewer older people will receive social care .  600 , 000 people will be forced to wait for more than four hours on trolleys on a & e , up from 1 . 4million last year and just 350 , 000 in 2009 / 10 .
the ' masterplan ' will raise the ground ' s overall capacity to almost 30 , 000 .  mcc is operating to a projected budget of 80million and hopes work can begin in autumn 2019 .  a new thomas lord building and new tavern pub will also be included .
deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 % in his formally rock - solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam .  mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin , scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote .  today he insisted : ' we are going to win sheffield .  we are confident but not complacent ' .
mercedes - benz fashion week australia 2015 ended on thursday night with a spectacular finale show by johanna johnson .  the glamorous hollywood - inspired collection , ' sirens ' call ' , featured mirrored embellishments , fringing , and feathers .  johnson said ahead of the show that she intended to ' bring a little bit of hollywood to sydney ' .
the tiny montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver , but it was devastated by fire around 1912 .  while the town has since been restored , it remains empty , and local folklore says the area is haunted by some of its former residents .  now the u . s . bureau of land management is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator .
ice , rain and snow arrive with - 5c ( 23f ) temperatures .  met office has severe yellow ' be aware ' ice warning for north - east scotland . comes after britain enjoyed one of the warmest aprils on record , with a 2014 high of 25 . 1c ( 77 . 2f ) recorded in kent on april 15 , while morecambe saw 14 . 1 hours of sunshine .
photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach .  massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended .
robert hardy , 89 , is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career .  he is a keen military historian who studied english with j . r . tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow .  one of the most unusual items featured in the auction is a hand - painted limewood diorama depicted the progress of the battle of agincourt .
researchers at the technical university of braunschweig , germany , found that passive smoking affects plants too , which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke .  the finding may explain why some spices , herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them , despite none being allowed in insecticides .
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron .  the 24 - year - old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base .  the home favourite also picked up the vacant wbc international title .
michael owen , 21 , was preparing for his daughter ' s fifth birthday when he was killed .  kyle careford , the other man in the car , is thought to have died just days before turning 21 .
campus officials said someone called in a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the kirner - johnson building did not pose any threat .  students and staff were asked not to use martin ' s way , but to leave via green apple way to the field house .  police evacuated mcewen , milbank , babbitt , cafe opus and schambach buildings while k - 9 dogs were on scene .
celtic have complained to the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi - final against inverness caledonian thistle .  the game ' s governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12 . 15pm on sunday , before the first trains from inverness arrive in glasgow .
teaching assistant julian john has been snapping photos of the sheikh zayed grand mosque , in abu dhabi , for four years .  the teaching assistant is planning an exhibition of his epic photos , which he believes to be ' the jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown .  he has since set up a photography class at the international school where he works .  the mosque ' s four 350 - ft tall minarets , which can be seen across the abu dhabi skyline , are lit up in dramatic style .
four - propeller , 50 - centimeter wide drone found on roof of prime minister ' s office .  police and bomb squad called in after drone was spotted on roof .  it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against country ' s nuclear policy .  people in japan have become increasingly wary about number of nuclear power plants .
moussa sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on liverpool ' s lucas leiva during monday ' s 2 - 0 defeat at anfield .  the france international was given a second yellow card for the offence .  head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red .  carver says newcastle cannot rely on the shortcomings of others to preserve their premier league status .
taylor lynn fast , 21 , told police in festus , missouri , layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite , officers said .  fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called .  layla had severe injuries to her face and neck , and was bruised all over .  a three - year - old boy was also found at fast ' s home with severe bruising and a broken leg .  fast has been charged with endangering the welfare of a child .
hassan munshi and talha asmal have been named as 17 - year - olds .  the boys are thought to have traveled to turkey after heading to turkey .  hassan ' s alleged relative hammaad was arrested by counter - terrorism police .  he was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non - muslims .
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters at augusta .  the 21 - year - old is playing with british contender justin rose in the final round .  spieth is the man to beat for the top prize of $ 1 . 8 million at the $ 10 million event .
jonathan pitre , 14 , was born with epidermolysis bullosa - or ' butterfly skin ' .  his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal .  one in every 17 , 000 people suffer from the genetic condition .
prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off sleeper train at penzance .  he travelled for eight hours from paddington station to reach cornwall .  conservatives are battling against their coalition partners in south - west .
' i ' m concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend .  ' i think there are things that went on at the clinton foundation that are going to shock people , ' he said .  clinton embarked on a cross - country trip in an armored van she nicknamed ' scooby ' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid .
giorgio chiellini committed a deliberate handball after slipping on the turf against monaco on wednesday night .  the 30 - year - old centre - half ' s handball has been mocked mercilessly on social media .  juve are on course to complete a historic treble this season , topping serie a with 73 points from 31 games .
beyonce , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed during the 30th annual stellar awards in las vegas last weekend .  the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9 , 000 - plus crowd , but they weren ' t introduced as destiny ' s child .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle .  footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow .  the infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own .
bastia president pierre - marie geronimi has been asked to resign .  frederic thiriez did not come down to the pitch to shake the players ' hands .  bastia lost 4 - 0 to paris st germain in the league cup final on saturday .
carl hendrick , head of learning and research at wellington college , berkshire , attacked ' tidal wave of guff ' in classrooms . ' missives in mediocrity ' often tell pupils to ' live your dream ' and ' be all that you can be ' , it has been claimed .  argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils  confidence by teaching them well and providing  clear and achievable paths to academic success 
charles tillman has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers .  tillman is a franchise record holder for defensive touchdowns and interception returns for the bears .  the forced fumble specialist lies third on the all - time list for interceptions with 36 .  the panthers also have the 2015 recipient of the walter payton man of the year award , thomas davis , on their roster .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat .  he then dismembered him using a hacksaw and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases .  then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs .  today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at birmingham crown court .
ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire as he prepared to attack government over defence spending . organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur - driven car .  mr farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the m4 after he missed an event charging supporters 25 - a - head to meet him .
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter , accounting for more than two - thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion ' s share of $ 13 . 6 billion in profit .  revenue from mac computers rose 2 % from a year earlier , to $ 5 . 4 billion .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne were in attendance at searcys function rooms in knightsbridge in london ' s west end .  the event was a fundraising reception for the charity , which was founded by cole and godfrey torto .  pictures from the event were shared on the charity ' s facebook page .
dave brockie , 50 , was found slumped in a chair at his richmond , virginia , home march 23 , 2014 .  a medical examiner later determined that the 50 - year - old musician died of accidental drug overdose .  brockie was the mastermind of the grammy - nominated band gwar .  the band was founded in 1984 and is known for its grotesque costumes , stage antics and grotesque lyrics .
new jersey sen .  bob menendez and his wealthy donor dr . salomon melgen are both accused of multiple federal crimes including bribery and honest services fraud .  the couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo , a private dominican resort they own .  the resort is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic u . s . senator .
sheree morgan , 25 , and younger sister sophie , 21 , allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept thousands of pounds in stolen money .  victims were conned out of over 36 , 000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman .  the caller pretended to be a metropolitan police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an eastern european crime gang .
corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to shame a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter ' s car .  the note read : ' you should be ashamed ! when you take a handicap spot , an actual disabled person suffers .  you were not raised as you should have been ' .  harley jo , a student at ohio state university , suffers from lupus , an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system .
anthony stokes , 17 , crashed a stolen honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman ' s home in roswell , georgia .  the boy , from decatur , suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood .  the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought he would be ' non - compliant ' with the treatment .
psv are looking for 25million for memphis depay , who scored 21 goals in the eredivise this season .  the holland international has also been linked with bayern munich .  brendan rodgers insists there is a big challenge facing liverpool .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
manchester united face aston villa at old trafford on sunday .  louis van gaal ' s side are currently one point ahead of local rivals manchester city .  but the dutchman believes city ' s attacking tendencies will work in united ' s favour .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
the emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman .  current wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1million creation was put on show .  boxing fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt , which will be handed to the winner of the fight of the century on may 2 .
two - inch - long asian hornets pose terrible danger to our honeybees .  they pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted .  uk beekeepers have been sent email alerts by defra asking them to be on the look - out for the menaces .  one asian hornet can kill 40 bees in a minute , while a handful can destroy a hive of 30 , 000 bees .
franck ribery claims he was sold on his importance to bayern munich .  the french winger has won four bundesliga titles as well as a champions league .  ribery fell out with then - head coach louis van gaal and says he was willing to pay for him .  the 32 - year - old came third behind cristiano ronaldo and messi in the 2013 ballon d ' or awards .
the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist is listing his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney ' s affluent eastern suburbs .  the 62 - year - old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters , emily , grace and may .  the property was bought by garrett for $ 932 , 500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection , heritage and the arts as part of the gillard government .
pierre collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second - degree murder in the death of barway collins , 10 , who has been missing for nearly a month .  collins was phootgraphed monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken to the hennepin county jail .  collins ' wife , yamah collins , was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away .
incredible pictures offer first glimpse into the melted reactors at fukushima nuclear plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster .  more than 300 , 000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima ' s six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami .  a second robot mission scheduled for monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction .
kayla mooney , 24 , is in her first year teaching science at danbury high school in danbury , connecticut .  she turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday .  the school ' s administration contacted police in february with the allegations .  mooney was also charged with second - degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor and was released without bail .
cricketing legend richie benaud was laid to rest at a small private funeral in sydney ' s eastern suburbs .  the 84 - year - old former test captain was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife , daphne .  prime minister tony abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in australia and around the world .
french customs officers found a stash of cocaine in a suitcase .  the drugs were worth more than 1 . 3million ( 950 , 000 ) in street value .  officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag .
kim woodward has been appointed head chef at the savoy grill .  the 34 - year - old follows in the footsteps of a string of maitre chefs .  auguste escoffier was installed by hotel manager cesar ritz .
david billing , 48 , was diagnosed with mouth cancer at royal derby hospital .  surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue .  medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from mr billing ' s arm .  the only drawback is that it still has hairs on it , and he has to return to hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
gang targeted supermarkets , convenience stores and electrical shops .  stole 2 , 000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at 30 , 000 in the process .  also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers .  jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob .
labour leader ' s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ' relish the chance to show who i am ' .  embarrassingly for the labour leader , the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the itv studios where mr miliband clashed with david cameron , nick clegg and four other party leaders .
rob green has won 12 england caps but made a calamitous error in england ' s 1 - 1 draw with usa at the 2010 world cup .  sam allardyce says green can rival joe hart for england no 1 spot .  qpr face west ham in the premier league on saturday .
angus hawley ' s brother david said : ' it ' s a real shock , he was one of the fittest men i ' ve ever met  he ' s swimming everyday ' .  mr hawley , 46 , is believed to have suffered a heart attack after returning from a swim .  he was in new york attending a business conference at the time .
managers from the london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne .  they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours .  it is the latest example of how the nhs is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population .
jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business .  her top tips include trusting your guts , be bold , and never back down .
new england patriots coach bill belichick was caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen ' s posterior at the white house correspondents ' dinner on saturday .  his girlfriend linda holliday put in her two cents , wrote on instragram along with the controversial shot from saturday ' s white house .
kamron t . taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a . m . he somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds .  he was convicted of first - degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .
michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center ' s faces of change luncheon on wednesday , said her healing process has been ' to overcome and flourish and rise above all that ' .  ' i don  t want my heart to be chained to the situations that i went through , ' she told the crowd of 1 , 200 people .
james mccarthy opened the scoring for everton in the fifth minute .  kevin mirallas doubled everton ' s lead in the second half .  everton had appealed for offside against romelu lukaku .
kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass because ' everyone was doing it ' .  but the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth .  he is now warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty - conscious youths desperate to emulate kylie jenner ' s bee - stung pout .
louis jordan , 37 , released a three - paragraph statement on monday in whcih .  he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray during his ordeal .  ' every time i went outside , i exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched , which would have made it harder for me to keep warm , ' he said .
kong meng xiong , 21 , of st . paul , minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third - degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment .  the girl ' s family reported the kidnapping on sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying xiong because of their age differences .  xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl and xiong to marry in the hmong tradition .
the queen was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box .  her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror .  newbury racecourse is currently hosting the dubai duty free spring trials .
the earliest wake - up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa .  while on tuesdays , americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week .  in terms of national average sleep quality , slovakia topped the list . more than half ( 58 per cent ) of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day .
disneyland first opened in california on july 17 , 1955 , it was predicted that 10 , 000 people would attend .  celebrities , journalists , employees , and sponsors were given staggered times on their tickets to ease congestion getting in .  disneyland in california is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of walt disney .
budi was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable .  at one point jemmi nuzzles budi ' s side and purses her lips , as if she is blowing him a kiss .  he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her .
thousands of japanese - americans , groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house ' s facebook page .  the auction was halted thanks to the efforts of takei , who lived in an internment camps in arkansas as a child .  the heart mountain wyoming foundation ( hmwf ) threatened to sue the rago arts and auction center over the sale .
kelly nash , 25 , went missing from his georgia home january 5 .  he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend , jessica sexton , he was not feeling well .  by the time sexton got up at 7 . 30am , the man was gone .  he left the house without his wallet , id card or the keys to his truck .  the only thing missing from nash ' s home was a 9mm handgun .
jerusalem syndrome affects people with no history of mental health problems . it is characterised by seven stages , including anxiety , agitation and nervousness .  experts believe it is likely part of a broader psychosis , that is not unique to jerusalem .
sir james munby said parents should use ' carrot and the stick ' approach .  he suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets for parents to get their way .  sir james said there would be no winners if the girls , aged 14 and 16 , were not persuaded to restore their relationship with their father .
the latest huge land mass is 1 . 5 square miles ( four square kilometres ) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs .  china has reportedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region .  experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems .
harry redknapp was at the emirates to watch arsenal ' s 4 - 1 win over liverpool .  the former tottenham boss claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some arsenal fans .  the 68 - year - old is currently out of work after leaving his position at queens park rangers .
abdelkrim elmezayen , 13 , was pulled dead from the water at the scene .  his parents are in a stable condition in the hospital .  the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot when the vehicle veered off the edge of the harbor .
tilly was filmed throwing a kitten against a door and flushing it in the toilet .  rspca inspectors said she suffered a lot in her short life .  tilly ' s owner , sarah reeves , was also given a ten - year ban from keeping animals for ten years .
patrick o ' melia , 39 , was flagged down while on patrol near deland , florida .  when he got to the car he found justin braddock , 34 , unconscious .  he spent seven minutes giving him cpr and eventually revived him .  braddock was later caught by deputies as he ran away from florida hospital .  a two - year - old child was also said to have been found in the back of the car .
jordan brennan , 17 , was killed after breaking out into gangnam style dancing .  his mother , kim , 43 , said her son was a ' cheeky chappy ' and ' lots of fun ' .  she said : ' he was a real show off ' and would ' dance and sing all the time ' .  jordan was found lifeless in bed the following morning when kim tried to raise him for breakfast . tests showed he suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on the brain .
ashley young believes manchester united will be challenging for the title .  the 29 - year - old has played a prominent role under louis van gaal this season .  young believes the club will see the club compete for their first league title in three seasons , next year .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
colleen ann harris , 73 , has been convicted of first - degree murder in the shooting death of her third - husband , james batten .  robert harris , 72 , was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple ' s home in 2013 .  her attorney argued the killing was self - defense because of ongoing abuse and jurors acquitted her .
fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship .  the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport in trabzon .  the attack followed fener ' s 5 - 1 win away to rizespor in turkey ' s super lig .
manny pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with floyd mayweather .  the death toll now as high as 12 , many clubs have taken my way off their playlist . tiger woods , at his peak , moved wall street .
disease claims almost 11 , 000 lives a year in the uk , with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body .  scientists funded by cancer research uk studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around ten affected men .  reading the dna revealed details of how the cancer metastasises , or spreads , allowing them to build a  family tree  of how disease changes over time .
mario mandzukic was punched , elbowed , apparently bitten by sergio ramos and dani carvajal in the champions league quarter - final first leg .  the 28 - year - old proved he is a warrior with his performance against real madrid , just as diego costa was allowed to sign for chelsea on july 1 , 2014 .
five children questioned after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone .  fire crews in south wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ' unprecedented ' scale of destruction .  officers called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women ' s championships qualifier in belfast . the young lionesses will qualify for the european championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .  the decision has been taken for the first time in a uefa competition .
anthony ray hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast - food restaurants near birmingham .  prosecutors linked hinton to the killings through a . 38 - caliber revolver found at his house .  the u . s . supreme court last year sent hinton ' s case back for a potential new trial , which prompted a re - examination of the evidence .
leeds - based direct line is running a competition called # everydayfix .  they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . these include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve with their forget me lock prototype .  the products were designed as part of the direct line everyday fix design makeathon .
paul clement is a leading candidate to replace steve mcclaren at derby .  clement is currently a real madrid coach and works next to carlo ancelotti .  derby are ready to offer clement the opportunity to cut his managerial teeth .
ankit keshri , 20 , died after colliding with a team - mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata .  the board of control for cricket in india confirmed on their official twitter account that the 20 - year - old had passed away after suffering ' a cardiac arrest following on - field injury ' .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremist and counter terrorism unit .  those involved in such activities ' take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' in the community but ' have an ulterior motive ' , detective constable gareth jones said .
sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100 , 000 britons a year .  kills 37 , 000  more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined . 90 per cent of patients were not given correct treatment to prevent blood poisoning .
blackpool ' s main reception at bloomfield road was pelted with eggs .  the seasiders ' relegation to league one was sealed by rotherham ' s victory over brighton on monday .  chairman karl oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the west stand at 7pm .  blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1 - 1 draw but manager lee clark admitted the club face a challenge to win back their stay - away fans .
in the first standoff , officers fired ' toward the vicinity ' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev .  they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns .  amid their chaotic shooting , transit cop richard donohue was critically wounded .  it is unclear whether he was shot by an officer ' s bullet .  shortly after the firefight in watertown , massachusetts , an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops .
a 4wd burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at sydney airport ' s busy international terminal on thursday morning .  the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle .  the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke .
holland beat spain 2 - 0 at the amsterdam arena on tuesday night .  andres iniesta started on the bench in the 76th minute .  guus hiddink branded the home fans a ' disgrace ' .
newly launched app , honest , allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users .  the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ' i ' m getting married next week ' to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes .  one user asks : ' my long term girlfriend is bad in bed .  .  .  i tell her ? ' .  another says , ' you should tell her for the long term good of the relationship ' .
honza and claudine lafond have taken their passion for yoga all over the world .  the couple , who live in sydney , have snapped photos from all their athletic adventures on instagram .  they do handstands and downward dogs against draw - dropping backgrounds .
gary dahl ' s rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 .  his rocks came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue - in - cheek instruction pamphlet for ' care and feeding ' and made him a millionaire .  mr dahl later estimated he had sold 1 . 5million of them at roughly $ 4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market .
the national radio astronomy observatory is objecting to proposals to release a radio wave - guided lawnmower .  it claims irobot ' s machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life .  the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240 - 6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on .  there is already a ban on the use of mobile phone close to the green bank telescope in west virginia .
zlatan ibrahimovic opened the scoring for paris saint - germain in the first half .  edinson cavani doubled the lead from the penalty spot after sebastien squillaci was sent off .  psg will now face barcelona in the champions league quarterfinals .
celta vigo striker fabian orellana handed one - match ban by the spanish football federation .  the incident happened during barcelona ' s 1 - 0 victory over celta celta on sunday .
ashy bines is being chased by the tax office over debts due last may .  the debts include income and tax , a fine and $ 295 , 955 worth of interest . the case will be heard in a brisbane court next friday .  ms bines and her husband steven evans have reportedly sold their shares in abbbc to platinum investment group .
clinicians are in an  impossible situation  as a result of king family ' s flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors who were treating him in the uk .  they ignored medical advice and took him to prague for proton beam therapy , ultimately paid for by the nhs trust after he left the uk last year .
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of 500 on new zealand ' s west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in march 2013 .  the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village , by m . night shyamalan .  mr overcomer said he had been told there was ' a lot of sin ' and ' bad things ' in the greater world .
george north will miss saturday ' s european champions cup quarter - final .  the wales wing has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months .  northampton director of rugby jim mallinder says north should not play again .
30 per cent of teachers said they had been the subject of abusive internet posts .  bullying by parents is on the rise accounting for 40 % of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent in 2014 .  proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents has more than doubled over the past year .
prince william ' s wife the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days  time .  the prince , having been excused from training with east anglia air ambulance , will roll up the sleeves of his viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies , exhausted , on her maternity hospital bed .
sir john chilcot ' s inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost 10million .  it had already been pushed back until after the election because it was too politically sensitive to publish so close to a national poll .  but sources close to the investigation have now told newsnight that  nobody thinks it will come out this year 
australia coach darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during sunday ' s world cup final win over new zealand .  brad haddin came under fire for his send - off of martin guptill .  lehmann insisted haddin was following team orders .
cassandra fortin , 17 , was ordered by the connecticut supreme court to undergo chemotherapy for hodgkin ' s lymphoma , a type of blood cancer .  the state department of families and families took temporary custody of cassandra after she and her mother argued she didn ' t want chemo treatments .  cassandra has been at children ' s medical center in hartford since december receiving chemo to which she was originally opposed .
ben thurlow , 23 , attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson on a night out .  the 23 - year - old was suffering from a suspected concussion .  he shoved ms hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance .  he once again attacked ms hudson by knocking her over .  he was given a four month sentence , suspended for 12 months .
swansea have lost their last six barclays premier league games under caretaker manager john carver .  the magpies fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday afternoon .  fans are unhappy at the club ' s lack of ambition , despite owner mike having 34million in the bank during the last financial year .
austin bird is a democratic party insider who chauffeured vice president joe biden around davenport , iowa in october during a pre - election campaign trip .  the three got the lion ' s share of mrs . clinton ' s time and participated in what happened news reports described as a ' roundtable ' .  ' what happened is , we were just asked to be there by troy , ' bird told daily mail online .
firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free 12 - year - old .  it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position in peterborough .  within hours , the accident occurred in peterborough , cambridgeshire .
brendan rodgers was fined at blackburn magistrates ' court for neglecting a 69 , 950 terrace house in accrington , lancashire .  the pair had been ordered to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish from the garden .  rodgers and co - owner judith o ' hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing .  they were ordered to pay a 400 fine and 375 costs , with a 40 surcharge .
bmw group  s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see - up virtual displays for directions and other features .  the augmented vision goggles will go on show at the auto shanghai show and generate  screens  showing information that only the wearer can see .  the elvis - esque glasses can also be worn out of the car .
timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in march in alabama .  his mom put his photo on facebook after a pro - life group posted it .  facebook reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake .
harry kane won his first senior caps for england last week .  but kenny dalglish says he should not go back to playing under - 21 football .  kane is ready to be a permanent member of the full squad .  tottenham will be hopeful that their star striker doesn ' t tire himself out .
ile louet is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany , france , and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests .  guests will lodge in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers , who had to manually guide boats through the waters .  the neglected property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home and is only suitable for those who are happy to be cut off from the world .
flights company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world .  some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city , some refer to as  sin city  but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes .  venice , however , isn ' t known as ' the amsterdam of the north ' .
barcelona beat paris st germain 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .  andres iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis in the second half of the first leg .  the barcelona midfielder could now miss saturday ' s game with valencia .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
davy mcgregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for heriot ' s racing club .  the former ulster hooker was caught by an opponent ' s hip or shorts .  the barbarians won the clash 97 - 31 , which took place to celebrate the 125th anniversary of both sides being formed .
chuka umunna said nigel farage had ' a problem with race ' following remarks .  shadow business secretary said ukip was infected with ' virus of racism ' . comes after national front members turned up to campaign for farage .
paul downton was brave enough to make huge decisions in his first 14 months as england  s managing director .  the jury is still out on all of them at a time .  the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of downton .  kevin pietersen and head coach andy flower are sacked .
transport for london ( tfl ) has revealed the posters are being removed .  posters featuring a bikini - clad model called renee somerfield are being defaced .  the sight of the 24 - year - old ' s toned figure has caused a stir among feminists .  a change . org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50 , 000 signatures .
the vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the ad astra rocket company in texas .  other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space .  over three years , nasa will give the company about 6 . 8 million ( $ 10 million ) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space .
manchester city have not won a premier league game having trailed at half - time in almost 20 years .  manuel pellegrini ' s side lost 2 - 1 at crystal palace on monday night .  the last time city managed to win having been in a losing position was on april 17 , 1995 when they beat blackburn rovers 3 - 2 .  city went on to finish 17th , two places above the drop zone .
craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u . n . mine action service and political and financial support for the cause .  last year , the united nations said it destroyed more than 400 , 000 land mines and explosive remnants of war and more than 2 , 000 tons of obsolete ammunition .
swindon factory will be exporting the five - door hatchback version of the honda civic around the globe .  currently , just over half of the vehicles produced at swindon are exported to the continent .  when the factory moves to dedicated civic production next year , about 50 per cent of production will be exported to key markets outside of europe , including japan and now the usa .
the 15 - passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta when it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday .  authorities have confirmed three deaths , according to georgia state patrol captain mark perry .  the driver ' apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side ' .
the funeral for stephanie scott will be held next wednesday in her home town of canowindra .  the parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion .  stephanie ' s body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park .
hannah brierley , 16 , thought her mother was playing a prank .  she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved .  her mother karen marriott couldn ' t get hold of the rspca so called 999 .
raheem sterling says he is not a money - grabbing 20 - year - old .  england winger rejected liverpool ' s contract offer of 100 , 000 - a - week .  sterling says it is not about money , only about trophies - so can liverpool afford to not win any this season .
uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast . at first the driver lets the radio take command and pavarotti  s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab .  reality is then restored as the passenger finishes praising the driver .
maria jose carrascosa , a 49 - year - old native of spain , was released from a new jersey jail on friday night .  she was paroled last year after moving her daughter , then 5 , to spain when the girl ' s father , peter innes , was granted custody of the child .  once paroled , she was taken to the bergen county jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring the child back .
lewis kidd opened the scoring for qots in the second half .  gavin reilly doubled rangers ' second place hopes in dumfries .  derek lyle scored an own goal for the ibrox side .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth 100 , 000 - a - week .  he had been named pfa young player of the year in 1999 and scored one of the greatest world cup finals goals .  robbie fowler was pfa sports personality of year and scored the fastest hat - trick in the premier league on his way to 50 goals by his 20th birthday .  steven gerrard ' s first year out of his teens saw him collect the league cup , the fa cup and the uefa cup .
giudice lost his driver ' s license and was fined the maximum of $ 10 , 000 .  he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation .  his guilty plea included an 18 - month sentence .  his wife , teresa , is serving a 15 - month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
iker casillas kept a clean sheet against rayo vallecano on wednesday .  the champions league winners beat rayo 2 - 0 away from home .  the 33 - year - old has regularly been booed by his own supporters .
robin , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 , aged 58 .  he was as much a heart throb as aidan turner , star of the bbc remake .  he has been slim all his life - perfect for his 6ft 1in frame .
jamaica , colombia and saint lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses .  britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 countries .  pakistan ranked as the worst country for having female managers , at a meagre three per cent .
nathan allan de souza signed for chelsea for 4 . 5m from atletico paranaense .  the brazilian attacking midfielder turned 19 last month .  nathan scored twice in a 6 - 1 rout of slovakia to win a penalty during the under 17 world cup in abu dhabi in 2013 .  he will add to the samba feel at stamford bridge , joining compatriots willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar .
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ' best week of my life ' .  at just 21 years and 251 days , he led out his side for the first time in draw with burnley on easter sunday .  that came after he scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania on march 27 and made a first international start in italy on tuesday .
louis smith , mbe , is a strictly come dancing star .  he won both a bronze and silver at the 2012 london olympic games .
jondrew lachaux , from las vegas , is married to the teenager ' s mother 38 - year - old kellie phillips - they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship .  the teen was left alone at the home in las vegas and left with food and medication for the teen who had breathing problems . while they were away , the teen gave birth in her mom ' s bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union .  despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description , the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition .  the university ' s women ' s collective had launched a petition on the website change . org to have mr ritchie removed from his role .
dante gabriel rossetti ' s famous painting aurelia ' fazio ' s mistress ' died in 1909 .  she died in the sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia .  historian kirsty stonell walker used the records to track down her resting site and lay flowers at her unmarked grave .  rossetti was the son of italian scholar gabriele pasquale giuseppe rossetti and his wife frances polidori .
chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready .  he said it could begin test flights by the end of the year .  its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 .  co - pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
jan bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter shell , who died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes .  the 83 - year - old was prompted by the death of her beloved daughter shelley , now 83 , to make a decision to get her tattoos .  jan ' s daughter shelley died of complications of the diabetes she had lived with for nearly all her life .
sarah reign , 26 , from new york , weighs 26 stone and weighs 400lbs .  she gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers .  after working shifts as a security guard at a factory , she disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam .  her new career has also led her to the world of ' squashing ' , where men pay her to sit on them when she meets them in person .
the boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground last week .  his mother , who did not want to be identified , said it would be a year before her son had the all - clear from his std testing .  the colorado school districts self insurance pool called the incident ' regrettable ' but said it was not liable for health insurance payments to cover the child ' s treatment .
king felipe , queen letizia and daughters sofia and leonor arrived at palma cathedral on the balearic isle .  it is the first time princess leonor , 9 , and princess sofia , 7 , have been spotted at a public engagement for several months .  king felipe vi has not yet completed a full year on the throne but looked happy to be continuing the family tradition of spending easter away from the royal residence .
amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists burst into his family home .  he said the isis fighters were looking for his brother , who is a member of the palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years .  his story was revealed as refugees in yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since isis seized control of 90 per cent of the camp .
deanna robinson , of quinlan , texas , was 38 weeks pregnant .  she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home .  deputies and state workers were present to remove her 18 - month - old son .
cathleen hackney , 56 , is on trial at stoke - on - trent crown court .  she allegedly told two different funeral directors there were no objections .  as a result no - one attended the early morning cremation of paul moreland .  hackney , who registered her son ' s death , is said to have ' pressed ahead ' .
a teenager in shimla , india , filmed the incident on a cctv camera .  the playful monkey eyeballs him from a ledge as he gives it the middle finger .  he is sent sprawling onto the ground , while the monkey returned to his perch .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .  luis suarez scored the only goal of the game in the second half .  laurent blanc ' s side now face the elimination of the suspended marco verratti and zlatan ibrahimovic .
the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year .  locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing .  about 50 different folklore groups and nearly two thousand people will be joining the celebrations .
the 39 - year - old man , reported to be a father of six , was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother ' s altona meadows .  police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police .  the man ' s mother was taken to a local police station to help detectives with their investigation .  police refused to comment on whether the incident was gang - related .
blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week ' s championship match with reading .  the 27 - year - old had to wear the signed shirt because the club had no spares .  midfielder andrea orlandi said the shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but blackpool had no others to give the goalkeeper .  blackpool ' s main reception at bloomfield road was pelted with eggs before kick - off .
lady sasima srivikorn is co - chairman of reading football club with madejski .  the 73 - year - old has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games .  reading beat bradford 3 - 0 in a quarter - final reply to secure their wembley semi - final .
texas pastor ' s wife aracely meza has been charged with injury to a child by omission .  the boy , identified by a witness as benjamin , is being held in the arms of a man who appears to be her husband pastor daniel meza .  meza , who is reportedly not the child ' s mother , was arrested on monday and has been being held on a $ 100 , 000 bond .  she also invokes jesus to give life to the child .
mark selby beat kurt maflin 6 - 3 in the first round of the betfred world championship in sheffield .  the 31 - year - old from leicester rocked ronnie o ' sullivan in last year ' s final to claim his maiden crucible title .  no first - time champion in sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on .
at 177 calories , a creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off .  a large lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of tough rowing to work off .
a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade .  this despite the fact 10 , 000 organs are transplanted in china every year , yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register .  the pair have spent years investigating organ trafficking in china , and it ' s claimed that political prisoners are being used as live organ donors .
louis van gaal has spoken to marouane fellaini about keeping his cool on his first return to manchester united .  the manchester united midfielder is set for a more hostile reception than juan mata received at his old club chelsea last weekend .  united have confirmed that rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
photograph was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan , last year .  reddit user insisted it was ' not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work .
saracens beat racing metro 92 - 17 in the champions cup semi - finals .  marcelo bosch scored a last - minute penalty to snatch a semi - final berth .  fabrice metz was mobbed by players and coaches as they watched .
koral reef ' s family believes she picked up the rare balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013 .  reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck .  by october 2014 , reef would be dead .
the marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76 , 000 to the peoria republican who resigned last month amid an expenses scandal .  the four - term congressman attracted scrutiny for his lavish lifestyle , including many selfies with celebrities such as ariana grande .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the snow - walled passageway along the 1000ft section .  the whole 65ft route will be open until november but tourists can walk the spectacular wonder until it starts to melt in summer .  over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910 , 000 last year .
laura everley , 36 , was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a post on facebook describing her symptoms . she had been suffering from bloating , back pain and constipation over a three - month period .  but she put the symptoms down to those conditions and realised it could be cancer .  tests later revealed the disease had begun to spread .  she is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease .
the broward state attorney ' s office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more .  the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force .
the usa women ' s soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june .  the strips have caused a bit of stir because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme .  striker alex morgan hailed nike ' s design as innovative .  the usa kick off their world cup campaign against australia on june 8 with a group match in winnipeg , manitoba .
robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer .  the poland international pounced on roman schmelzer to give the visitors the lead 10 minutes before half time .  roman weidenfeller saved thomas muller ' s original effort bu the ball .  bayern restored their 10 - point lead at the top of the bundesliga .
ryan heritage posted a cocky message on trowbridge police ' s facebook page .  the 18 - year - old from wiltshire was chased by police on foot before grabbing him .  he was thrown in the cells for the night and put before magistrates the following morning where he was charged with theft and burglary .  police then re - posted his original message : ' oi yo check if there ' s a warrant for my arrest , if so good luck ! ! ! ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
her majesty ' s account @ britishmonarchy has amassed 970 , 000 followers .  the netherlands ' king felipe - alexander and queen maxima are also popular figures on twitter .
floyd mayweather jnr and his daughter iyanna were at the workout .  mayweather will bank upwards of $ 180m , pacquiao $ 120m in las vegas on may 2 .  heavy security guarded the mayweather boxing club for his media day .
former everton chairman sir philip carter passed away on thursday .  carter served as president of the football league and vice - president of football association .  under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the only piece of continental silverware .  current toffees chairman bill kenwright said carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for .
a federal judge has ordered the internal revenue service to hand over a list of 298 tea party groups it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions .  the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red - flag words like ' patriots ' or ' tea party ' in their names .
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract .  the full back signed a three - year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july .  luis played in brazil  s friendly wins against france and chile during the international break .
robert fidler , 66 , built the mock - tudor castle in salfords , surrey , without planning permission and hid behind hay bales for four years .  he compared the situation to an artist being made to destroy a piece of work .  the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission .  now , local and local government secretary eric pickles has ruled the four - bedroom home must be pulled down within 90 days .
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club .  mark o ' meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday .  billy joe patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play - off with sam snead and ben hogan .
hamish baillie claims lord janner abused him during a game of hide - and - seek in a park when he was a 15 - year - old resident of a children ' s home .  one of the nine victims waived his right to anonymity to say the decision  beggars belief  and claimed it points to an establishment cover - up .  three inquiries were curtailed by police or the crown prosecution service .
us youtube user elman511 cracked open an over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ' the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' .  he then cracks the smaller egg , which also has a yolk and white inside .  the unusual occurrence is called a counter - peristalsis contraction .
larung gar buddhist academy is home to 40 , 000 monks and nuns .  the red and brown houses are nearly identical , with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed .  the majority of tibetans and many mongolians adhere to vajrayana buddhism , which teaches transmigration of spirits .
crowd tried to storm the club tsunami in the chilean capital santiago .  the crowd were trying to get into the venue when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub .  seven people were critically injured in the crush with five others treated in hospital for minor ailments .
economists plotted how much goods listed on ebay attract higher offers .  sellers who end their price with  00  typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices .
luke shaw admits he has endured a ' frustrating ' debut season at manchester united .  the 19 - year - old has made only 17 appearances in all competitions for the red devils .  shaw joined united last summer in a 31 . 5million transfer from southampton .
mila kunis and her fiance ashton kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue - in - cheek video claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against kristina karo .  the 31 - year - old was being sued for $ 5 , 000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend .
sports brand features prominently on leaflet distributed in raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to biting or even imprisonmen . comments prompted fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ' comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' .
robert bates , 73 , is charged with second - degree manslaughter for the death of eric harris on april 2 .  the tulsa county sheriff ' s office claims that at least three of bates ' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours .  they allege he was not qualified to be an armed deputy , despite the fact that he was qualified to use three weapons .
shiba the dog uses his nose and his paw to open a sliding glass window .  visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack , pat him on the head or pose for a selfie with him .  one of the videos featuring shiba ' s customer service skills has more than two million views on youtube .
diy dentistry kits can cost as little as 5 or even be bought in pound shops .  they are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps .  more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was spared the maximum 25 years to life .  she chronicled her son ' s illnesses on a blog called ' garnett ' s journey ' and other social media .  prosecutors said spears loaded the hospitalized boy ' s feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging .  the new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ' unfathomable in its cruelty ' .
raphael varane impressed for real madrid in the first leg of the champions league on tuesday night .  varane has started a few games in his career and is in pole position .  jan oblak was the most expensive goalkeeper in spanish football history when he signed for 16million from benfica in the summer .  diego simeone dumped him on the bench and installed another new player , miguel angel moya , in goal against bayer leverkusen .
ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force but was only handed a two - month suspended sentence .  the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions .  the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone , claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area .
graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across britain as part of his series ' the kings of england ' .  the 50 - year - old , from east yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series .
a monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in northern territory .  fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole .  the incident comes just a month after a 4 . 38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a daly river community .
toulon beat leinster 2 - 0 at stade velodrome on sunday .  bryan habana scored the only try of the game in extra - time .  toulon ' s crusade to win an unprecedented third successive european title .  bernard laporte ' s side face clermont auvergne in the all - french repeat of the 2013 heineken cup final in dublin .
barnholm castle , in dumfries and galloway , has gone on the market for 695 , 000 .  janet and john brennan bought the 15th century fort for just 65 , 000 in 1997 and have spent hundreds of thousands renovating it .  the couple have spent eight years renovating the castle , which is thought to have been used by the scottish protestant john knox as a hiding place .
andrew chan , 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia in 2005 .  they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from australian federal police to indonesian officials .  the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine are now dead .
candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes are the stars of victoria ' s secret ' s latest lingerie campaign .  candice leads the glamour by guiding her fellow supermodels through an energetic routine using the umbrellas as a prop .  each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras .
mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri told they were injured and could not travel to london .  neil redfearn and the medical team were unaware of the players ' injuries .  the italian quartet were signed by banned president massimo cellino before he was banned by the football league for failing its owners and directors test .
april morris of bennettsville , thought she  d never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 .  but this past saturday she couldn ' t believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup ' s rescue on local news .  morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head .
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life - like bird dolls and says she can ' t keep up with orders .  indeed , all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named leo .  a product description states that the 5 . 5in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ' movable ' .
the oldest active pilot is a 95 - year - old man living in cameron park , california .  guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr . ' s feat .  weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence .  according to guinness , weber was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a lieutenant colonel in 1943 .
surgical unit at st mary ' s hospital , london , has not accepted new patients .  eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase - producing enterobacteriaceae .  antibiotic - resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in bloodstream and urine .  duchess of cambridge hopes to have baby at private lindo wing of hospital .
ronnie o ' sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the 2015 dafabet masters .  the world no 2 has openly questioned his commitment to the sport during a career that has brought him five world championship titles .
louisa steckenreuter , 35 , was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year .  she went in for an x - ray on a sore shoulder and has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy .  the medication costs $ 6000 a month and is not subsidised on the pharmaceutical benefits scheme .
gizzi erskine , 35 , posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat .  bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe , jellied fish heads and seafood sculpture made of octopus , lobster and prawns .  gizzi insists that living in a foodie household isn ' t to blame .
' the diggers are dole bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january .  the page claims that the australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians .  despite multiple reports to facebook as ' hate speech ' , the page remains live .
dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with barcelona .  the brazilian right - back will leave the nou camp this summer .  dinorah santana , alves ' s agent and ex - wife , confirmed that the right back had rejected the club ' s final contract offer .  the 31 - year - old has been linked with manchester united and manchester city , as well as paris st germain .
abubaker deghayes , 46 , has left his home in brighton in an attempt to rescue his son amer .  he has been fighting for the organisation jabhat al - nusra , a group affiliated with al - qaeda .  the 21 - year - old has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks .
donna oettinger , 41 , had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son zaki died on train tracks in south london in march 2013 .  she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors .  coroner selena lynch said that despite the family slipping under social services ' radar ' nothing could have been done ' to foresee the deaths .
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit marched through the town of dereham for the final time .  they were supported by more than 4 , 000 well - wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county .  they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire .
radamel falcao has scored only four goals since arriving at manchester united .  the colombia striker is expected to leave the club in the summer .  juventus claim they are interested in paulo dybala and edinson cavani .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
neil robertson beat jamie jones 10 - 2 at the crucible in sheffield .  the 2010 champion has committed more hours to the game than ever before .  barry hawkins beat matthew selt in a final - frame decider .
the images were taken in jervis bay , the south coast of nsw , as the neon glow illuminated one of australia ' s popular beaches .  photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a ' beautiful supernatural scene ' caused by millions of plankton omitting light .  a similar display was shown in sydney ' s manly beach back in august 2014 where an oceanography expert told daily mail australia there was no need to be concerned about the algae .
conservative chairman grant shapps said : ' the only way that ed miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he  s carried there by the snp ' .  snp leader reveals that her party  s manifesto will include pledges in policy areas which don  t even directly affect scotland . comments certain to rile many in england , who will be aghast at the prospect of a party for which they cannot vote for them .
a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and elmo elmo go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining why everybody does not get a shot .  elmo tells him : ' why does everyone need a vaccination , anyway ? ' .
the four - bedroom home near auckland has been sold for $ 1 . 5 million .  it was listed by its former owners with just a $ 1 reserve , despite its million - dollar price - tag .  new owners donald and jenny gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up at its drastically reduced price .  the average house - price in auckland is $ 766 , 912 , almost seven times more than it was sold for .
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot .  but when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin .  footage shows the mechanic swearing and boasting about test - driving the car .  mr ingram says it was a pre - planned thing , not spur of the moment .  he said : ' from now on i will always wait by the car whilst it is being serviced ' .
eight - minute video appears to be narrated by a british fighter .  al - qaeda linked group captured jisr al - shughour , a city in idlib province .  syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes .
jonah willow played chess grandmaster alexander cherniaev for hours .  the 12 - year - old drew a chess match with russian grandmaster alexander .  jonah beat three other players in the nottingham chess congress .
jason denayer is set to return to england to spend a season on loan .  the 19 - year - old scooped the same honour at celtic ' s annual awards dinner in glasgow on sunday .  sportsmail understands that city will block any move by celtic to instigate another one - year deal .
xiao ying , 17 , said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant .  the baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city .  authorities found the mother back working on the production line .  but she completely denied giving birth , but came clean when managers spotted blood on the girl ' s shoe .  ying said she managed to hid the pregnancy for months because ' no - one asked ' .
strange - looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother ' s udders .  he is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born .
around 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed .  thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non - life threatening head injury .  the parishioners were from the manantial de vida pentecostal congregation , which rents out the church space .
laurene jobs said that hillary clinton has ' judgment and wisdom ' based on her public service .
sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby - making process in a very cute way .  the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families .
neuroscientists used a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers .  test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device .  when conducted in real time , the participant ' s brain could adapt and recognize it as their own movement because of the synchronized movement .  findings appear to explain the common experience people have of feeling an unseen presence , even a guardian angel or apparition stalking their movements .
wayne rooney has revealed he is captaining the team ' his own way ' .  the england skipper has also played alongside leaders steven gerrard and john terry for the national side .  rooney was handed the captain ' s armband by louis van gaal last summer .
stuart dallas opened the scoring for brentford just before the hour mark at craven cottage .  ross mccormack ' s 67th minute penalty halved the deficit at the end of the game .  fulham ' s first league double over fulham in 23 years and still the potential for a play - off campaign .
richard curry , 71 , was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum .  he was warned he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic .
joshua sweet , 20 , admitted burglary and sexual assault and was given a three - year community order on account of an early plea .  but judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been ' scarred psychologically ' during the case at birmingham crown court .  sweet was freed after serving just two months on remand .  victim support charity worker said ' victims deserve justice ' .
disturbing images taken at execution site in ghanzi , eastern afghanistan .  men , women and children seen huddled together on fringe of execution site .  they were forced to sit on ground with their hands clasped behind their backs .  then left the prisoners ' lifeless bodies languishing among the crowd .  meanwhile , at least 33 people have been killed and 100 injured in a suicide bomb attack .
abou diaby ' s contract expires in june and talks over his future will not commence until after the season .  the 28 - year - old has suffered in - excess of 42 injuries since signing for the gunners in 2006 .  diaby will be allowed to use the club ' s state - of - the - art facilities to maintain his fitness until he finds a new club .
the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago .  today their descendants , federico and 82 - year - old mother gelsomina , continue the family tradition .  they painstakingly restore hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re - attaching the limbs .  some of the toys have been left to rot in the rome studio , while others are returned to their owners .
senior tory said nigel farage is ' not my cup of tea ' and would question whether she was ' happy to serve ' with ukip leader .  david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ' come home ' to the conservatives .
battle between lenders has intensified in recent months , plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history .  mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1 . 99 per cent interest rate on a five - year fix .  brokers said hsbc appeared to be slashing rates ready for the  spring mortgage spree  when many families move or remortgage .
sergeant louise lucas , 41 , was on a shopping trip with her eight - year - old daughter olivia in swansea , south wales .  she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre .  onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her to safety and took the full impact of the collision .
the sign has been fixed outside a university building in portugal .  it warns that bikes will be ' removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind .  classicist professor mary beard , from newnham college , said the sign was the correct way to describe bicycles as the noun was not invented until the early 19th century .
princess eugenie looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner .  the 25 - year - old has been living in new york for a year now .  she mingled with a host of a - listers and film industry bigwigs .
femail writer and marathon runner lucy waterlow tested out 130 adidas ultra boost trainers against aldi ' s budget 19 . 99 pair .  supermarket chain aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow ( thursday ) with trainers available for the budget price of 130 .  adidas say the boost cushioning also gives ' energy return ' so the wearer can run more effortlessly .
novak djokovic beat albert ramos - vinolas 6 - 1 6 - 4 in the third round of the monte carlo masters .  the world number one faces andreas haider - maurer in the next round .  jo - wilfried tsonga and lucas pouille will face stan wawrinka and rafael nadal .
ronald koeman held a meeting with players to refocus their minds .  victor wanyama ' s future came under question after an interview .  morgan schneiderlin , nathaniel clyne and jay rodriguez have all been linked with a move away .  koeman called the wanyama story ' bulls * * ' in a separate interview .
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault , unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment .  the 45 - year - old called herself ' dr val ' , putting on a lab coat when her boss , dr jeffrey schoengold , wasn ' t present and doing dental work on unsuspecting patients .
the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath , somerset .  it is believed the large shorebird was last seen in the uk in 1988 .  the wader is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts .
finnish navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades .  finland , which shares an 833 - mile border with russia , has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of russian air force sorties and military border exercises .  it comes just months after sweden suspected russia of sending a vessel into waters close to stockholm .
sean heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust . the ex - pupil became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school .  a family member claimed he was ' the happiest he ' s ever been ' .
royston coates was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2013 for attacking a man with a kitchen knife .  he boasted about watching tv and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures on facebook .  coates is serving a 10 - year sentence for wounding and wounding .  he has been allowed to watch the x factor and the only way is essex , as well as an england football match .
eloise parry , 21 , ' burned up from the inside ' after swallowing the highly - toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp .  doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to dnp , which is toxic .  her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat .  despite doctors trying to stabilise her , she died just three hours later .
the 25 - year - old boytoy is the lover of a dominican woman in her late 30s .  she invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn .  the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex .  the woman whose complaints during sex sparked the highest number of complaints in new york city .
lisa heath , 45 , an assistant at willowtown community primary school in gwent , has been suspended from teaching .  it has been reported that she had been carrying class b amphetamines .  she initially denied the drugs were hers , saying they had been planted on her , but later changed her story , accepting a caution for possession .  blaenau gwent council has confirmed that the school immediately suspended the member of staff following the incident .
sir nick faldo shook rory mcilroy ' s hand during monday ' s practice round at augusta national .  the world no 1 is the sixth player in history to complete the career grand slam .  the 25 - year - old is more popular than defending champion bubba watson .
ralph cramer , 70 , and his wife , lynn , 59 , were returning home from the creekside cafe in mount joy at about 9 p . m . on sunday .  first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash .  the vehicle left the road , flipped over and landed upside - down in a ditch .
jose mourinho left didier drogba on the bench until the start of the second half was another tactical masterclass .  eden hazard , willian and oscar all has fantasy about their play .  chelsea boss is staying true to the game because the end result will be a fourth premier league premier league title for this football club .
danny lennon has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of alloa athletic .  paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the scottish championship side since barry smith resigned on march 7 .  lennon took charge of scotland under 21 side for a 2 - 1 friendly victory against hungary last month .
swiss researchers measured the temperature of ' hot jupiter ' hd 189733b .  they found the temperature reaches up to 3 , 000c in the atmosphere .  and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour .  findings suggest we may soon have the opportunity to examine other distant worlds beyond the solar system in unprecedented detail .
new york police commissioner bill bratton , markus asberg , eric jansberger and erik naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the uptown 6 train this wednesday .  a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media .  officials from the united states and sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
security officials said member of al - qaeda stormed a hadramawt provincial prison .  more than 300 inmates , including one of their leaders khalid batarfi , have been freed . comes after saudi - led air strikes against houthi rebels in aden .  advance by iran - backed rebels into aden , the last bastion of hadi supporters came despite a week of air strikes .  at least 44 people , including 18 civilians , were reported dead in fierce fighting between rebels and their opponents .
little owl spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch in beaconsfield , buckinghamshire .  the little owl ' s sibling rivalry then gets the better of him as he swoops under his brother ' s wing .  scene was photographed by 48 - year - old dean mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter known as a hide .
isis jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in hammam al - alil .  several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment .  when the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group ' s activities , the men were brutally murdered .  news comes as the jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq ' s anbar province .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida .  he is accused of shooting 44 - year - old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he ' d get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .
sky sports will pay 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 .  overlord barney francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward -  fit for the future  sky claim the strategy was preparing the station for the varied demands of a multi - platform future where a thierry henry video on sky  s youtube channel can become more important than traditional programme making .
labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting party ' s ' union paymasters ' .  but magazine has published a blank page where his contribution would have been .  david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature .
sharon winters was looking for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke .  but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four - and - a - half inch knife .  her brother stephen robinson , 44 , from wirral , merseyside , said : ' she was a lonely heart just wanting love .  that animal preyed on her caring nature ' .
students at wellington college , berkshire , spent the last year studying a different book for their imminent as - level exam .  mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text .  now pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place by the school .
generous double room in peckham , south - east london , has been put up for rent for just 400 a month .  in an advert posted on gumtree , ' martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room .  gentrification and a booming property market in the capital have made peckham a desirable location for affluent londoners .
the fort was found on top of the dunnicaer sea stack close to stonehaven , aberdeenshire .  it appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country .  the picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the forth and clyde during the late iron age and early medieval period .
sydney ' s dwelling values rose by 5 . 8 per cent in the last quarter .  it comes after the reserve bank cut official interest rates to 2 . 25 per cent .  the median house price across the combined capital cities is now $ 530 , 000 .
hannah wilson ' s body was found in rural brown county , indiana , on friday morning after a night out at kilroy ' s sports bar in bloomington , indiana .  her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed .  daniel messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death .
thomas hoey jr . , 43 , was sentenced to 12 . 5 years prison wednesday after refusing to help , kimberly calo , 41 , who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol .  hoey used his supplies of cocaine to ' social and sexual favors ' between 2005 and 2010 .  he even confessed to continuing to supply friends with cocaine following calo ' s gruesome death as he helped hamper authorities ' efforts to bring him to justice through 2010 .
the cocaine was seized by u . s . and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america .  it included a 10 - ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 .
theo walcott has spent much of the season on the bench for arsenal .  the 26 - year - old has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team - mates .  walcott came on for the last six minutes of his side ' s goalless draw with chelsea on sunday .
jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted ' white ' college - boy .  .  .  khaki - pants types ' who were ' easy to intimidate ' .  that matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial .  walker , 46 , said he first stole money as a uniformed patrolman when he chased a dealer into a house and spotted a large bag of cash on top of the refrigerator .
nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move away from manchester united .  the southampton right back has been in impressive form this season .  ronald koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep clyne at old trafford .
the new scottish drink - drive law was enacted on december 5 .  the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg .  it is being blamed for a poor result in the country ' s latest bank of scotland report .  publicans are concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban .
robert huth and jamie vardy sealed a 3 - 2 victory against west brom on saturday .  foxes boss nigel pearson believes premier league survival is back in their own hands .  leicester have a game in hand over their survival rivals and play five of their final seven fixtures at home .
the maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years .  the island is a beachfront studio where you can swim , snorkel , canoe , scuba dive and sail .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide .  he starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi - final win over liverpool .
in the first three months of the year , 434 , 775 people waited longer than four hours .  over the past year , more than 1 . 4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time  compared to just 353 , 000 in 2009 / 10 .  it is now 89 weeks since hospital a & e met their waiting targets .
stacey eden stood up for a muslim couple being abused on a sydney train .  the 23 - year - old stood up to a middle - aged woman abusing brisbane couple hafeez and khalida bhatti on the airport line train on wednesday .  her recording of the incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia .  ms eden said she has been ' surrounded by love ' since her video spread around the world .
prince harry will fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew .  the duchess of cambridge is now overdue for the birth of her second child .  harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the london marathon after undertaking several engagements in turkey to mark the centenary of the gallipoli campaign .  he will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival , followed by a week long official tour of new zealand .
deva joseph , 14 , was reduced to tears at london stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to spain .  she offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one .
arsenal beat burnley 1 - 0 at turf moor in the premier league on saturday .  thierry henry hailed francis coquelin was his man of the match .  the 23 - year - old played a key role in aaron ramsey ' s 12th - minute goal .
pooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip .  the alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials .
mike ashley has been accused of making newcastle a ' boring ' club .  jamie carragher says he ' s alarmed at ashley ' s running of the club .  newcastle lost 3 - 1 at home to spurs in the premier league on sunday .
kourtnie a . sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor .  prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 , and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014 .  however it is unclear how many victims there were .
jimmy anderson moved to within two wickets of sir ian botham ' s 383 test wickets .  west indies fell to 155 for four in response to england ' s first - innings total of 393 .  chris jordan believes the anderson family celebration party is ' just around the corner ' .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in the world .  mayweather has been dating doralie medina since last year .  the couple recently purchased a mansion in beverly hills for 8 . 4million .
tom sturridge , 29 , is the fiance of sienna miller in the west end .  he is set to release a film with ryan gosling , rooney mara and natalie portman .  the pair have been dating since 2011 , when she split from jude law for a second time .
diane morris , 46 , is engaged to mike holpin , 56 , who has boasted of having children with 20 different women .  she claims the two are ' crazy for each other ' and it doesn ' t bother her that he ' s been married three times before .  mr hopin , a former alcoholic of ebbw vale , south wales , was strongly criticised after admitting he didn ' t even know the name of some of his 40 children .
the company says it expects the new ' artisan grilled chicken ' to be in its more than 14 , 300 u . s . stores by the end of next week .  it says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates , which it said was used to keep the chicken moist , in favor of vegetable starch .
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in duncan in august 2013 .  he was born in melbourne , australia , but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17 - year - old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him .  prosecutors told the court that 104 bullets were found in the car involved in the drive - by shooting .
torin lakeman , 19 , and his brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester .  they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ' dark web ' .  torin ' s housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ' have a good weekend ' .  coroner alan walsh said he would be writing to the home secretary .
divock origi was voted the second most overrated player in ligue one .  the 19 - year - old was loaned back to lille for this season .  simon mignolet has backed the belgian striker to be a success at anfield .
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes in a disk .  it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide .  this second simulation shows the magnetic waves - ripples in space - time - in the merger .  it comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging .
lack of iron , especially in women , is known to trigger hair loss .  eating protein with every meal is vital to strong , healthy hair , experts say .  two years ago , a clinical trial looked into the fact of viviscal ( 29 . 99 , boots )
the man , known only as jason , from vancouver , uploaded the video to youtube .  his wife filmed the stomach - churning moment of popping a cyst . as he ' s sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver , he emits loud cries of pain .
the sutherland shire council has voted to explore the idea of allowing campervans to park at allocated locations right on the beach .  among the locations are cronulla beach and wanda beach , both in southern sydney , as it was found that due to a shortage of accommodation in the area .  this motion was proposed by councillor steve simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring .  some locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets .
polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves .  leaders calling their plans to ride through poland a ' provocation ' .  the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen at the border crossing between brest , belarus , and terespol , poland .
john o ' connor said the hatton garden gem heist could be linked to the fire .  he said the proximity of the multi - million burglary was far more than a coincidence .  it came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire in holborn .  the london fire brigade said they do not believe the blaze was caused deliberately .  the fire was caused by an electrical fault in the victorian tunnels running below ground , damaging an eight inch gas main which ruptured and fuelled the flames .
petr cech has fallen behind belgian shot - stopper thibaut courtois in jose mourinho ' s pecking order this season .  the 32 - year - old has won three league titles , four fa cups and the champions league at chelsea since joining in 2004 .  cech tweeted about his new musical cover to his twitter followers .
pm vows to carry on warning about labour ' s threat to the economy .  he said he would campaign on ' more jobs , more business , more security in retirement ' . comes amid claims senior tory figures are already planning to make boris johnson the next leader .
gareth bale appears to have picked up a foot injury during real madrid ' s training session on tuesday .  the former tottenham star is now a doubt according to his manager .  carlo ancelotti ' s side face rayo vallecano on wednesday evening .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50 , 000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain .  they found that wild chimpanzees in uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat they had caught .  this suggests that fat and meat had instead been cooked off the bones .
amelia - jane harris , 20 , used to weigh 27st 10lbs ( 388lbs ) and was a size 32 .  was bullied at school and called ' fatty bum bum bum ' by playground bullies .  lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six .  says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back .
poppy moore married sam myers at chelsea register office yesterday .  the 23 - year - old wore a knee - length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses .  poppy was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in 1993 .  she and bobby ' s two other grandchildren marked the 20th anniversary of his death in 2013 by placing the ball on the spot for a west hame home game .  poppy is also involved with the moore family fund to fight bowel cancer .
xavi made his 148th champions league appearance against psg .  the former spain international also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase of the champions league .  real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas is in line to equal xavi ' s total in both champions league games and knockout matches .
a 27 - year - old man ran into bushland after police stopped a woman ' s body in the boot of the car he was driving .  he was taken away in a police van after being taken away by police .  police are investigating whether the body is that of missing canberra woman daniella d  addario .  ms d ' addario was reported missing on monday along with her boyfriend josaia ( joey ) vosikata , 27 .
clare verrall was out with her french bulldog dutchy when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins .  she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled .  victoria police confirmed to daily mail australia they are still searching for the attacker , who is described as ' caucasian , aged in his late 20s , approximately 180cm tall with a slim build ' .
liverpool face west brom in the premier league on saturday .  brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season .  jordan henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five - year deal at the club on thursday .  mario balotelli is expected to take gerrard ' s armband on a permanent basis when his contract expires at the end of the season .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
patrice evra and javier hernandez members of the failing squad .  cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique have all made the semi - finals in their former club ' s absence from the competition .  united are on course for a return to europe ' s top table next season .
matilda fitt was born nine weeks early in barry , south wales , weighing just 2lb 12oz .  she won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving hospital where she was treated for pneumonia .  hannah , now 21 weeks old , lives with her mother hannah , 34 , and dad matthew , 33 .
middlesbrough ' s patrick bamford named championship player of the year .  bamford beat competition from ipswich town ' s daryl murphy and watford ' s troy deeney .  mk dons teenager dele alli picked up young player of year award .
consultants claim to work with politicians to build ' leadership skills ' .  firm uses ' business ' and ' business psychology ' to help politicians .  services offered by extendedmind include coaching on how to look ' authentic ' .  mr miliband has constantly lagged behind david cameron in personal rating polls .
ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state will miss his five - day suspension because of his stunt .  the 18 - year - old senior wore a vest filled with paper - tube props made to look like explosives .  ' it was really unfair , and it kind of felt racist , ' ahmad said .  school superintendent mark mansell says ahmad ' s actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment .
desert fairy circles are large barren patches of earth measuring anywhere between 10ft and 65ft in diameter ( three metres to 20 metres ) that are ringed by short grass dotting the scrub land like craters on the moon , or big freckles .  researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells in human skin and the mysterious fairy circles in the namibian desert .  they are also arranged in polygons .
sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary ' like a job , a profession ' .  gang broke into 21 homes in west london , hertfordshire and surrey .  they stole a ferrari , porches , minis , paintings and cash worth 1million .
le femme , in new jersey , offers training to those have undergone - or are undergoing - sex change operations or cross - dressers .  ellen weirich dedicates her life to helping ' trans ' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin .  she helped her first transgender woman in high school after a friend confided that he was having gender identity issues .
taliban propaganda release lavished praise on extremist in celebration of his 19th year as leader .  taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently , with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one - eyed warrior - cleric who has not been seen since the 2001 us - led invasion .  biography described mullah omar as being actively involved in ' jihadi activities ' , dispelling speculation that he died long ago .
mark faville , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 .  faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , something that was supported by an initial autopsy .  after the verdict was , faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life as he was being led away .
john loughery , 60 , was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008 .
uco stormproof matches are made using tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen .  they include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads .  the matches cost 5 . 47 ( $ 7 . 99 ) from uco ' s website and are available from the uk distributor dalesman international .
ashley young went to watch his brother lewis in action for crawley .  the manchester united winger started their game against oldham athletic .  young played 70 minutes in united ' s 3 - 1 win over aston villa on sunday .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
rafael nadal was beaten 6 - 4 , 7 - 6 ( 8 - 6 ) by fabio fognini .  the world no 4 was looking for his ninth barcelona open title .  nadal will now face pablo andujar in the quarter - finals .
former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite .  tribunal ruled he was employed to teach its courses in london and the south east . mr reub .  has received more than 13million from unite since becoming leader in 2010 .  labour ' s biggest backer was accused of employing workers on zero - hours contracts .
interior designer abigail ahern ' s new book , colour , is aptly named colour .  says the ability of colour to transfrom surroundings gives her a ' squishy feeling of contentment ' .  ahern says : ' you don  t have to overdose on colour to take your pad to the next level .  layer on texture instead ' .
marie csaszar , 45 , died last september following a ten - year battle with a brain tumour .  she had worked for seven years at the bbc  s financial centre in cardiff as a contracts manager .  husband paul says she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence - fee payers about 150 , 000 .
chris lane , 22 , was shot in the back with a . 22 calibre handgun in august 2013 .  his parents , donna and peter lane , listened to the frantic seven - minute 911 call made by witnesses who tried to save him .  chancey luna , 17 , was charged with first - degree murder .  mr lane was on a baseball scholarship with oklahoma ' s east central university .
cui hongfang , 73 , hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall .  she was knocked over on the mutianyu section of the great wall .  police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating .
raquel d ' apice , a comedian and mother - of - one from new jersey , has put her own spin on crowd - sourced assessments .
sussex police accused of ' victim - blaming ' in its campaign .  women ' s rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks .  but anti - rape campaigners said it was ' infuriating ' .
the incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel .  video shows the moment six passengers escaped from the stricken jet .  the incident was declared a state of emergency level 3 - the highest level of danger .  officials are investigating how and why the fire broke out in the plane .
six people are believed to have been killed in violent protests near johannesburg in the latest wave of anti - immigrant protests .  carol lloyd stopped her car as she drove close to jeppestown after she was injured when a rock smashed through her car window .  south african police were called in to help foreign nationals as they began to enter men ' s hostels to search for weapons .  dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks .
esteban cambiasso is wanted by delhi dynamos in india .  the 34 - year - old midfielder has been one of leicester ' s best players this season .  leicester are currently 18th in the premier league .
small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the easter long weekend as they struggle to cover the costs of penalty rates on public holidays .  the penalty rates will come into force from good friday to easter monday in retail , restaurant , hotel , fast food , dry cleaning , amusements and hair and beauty sectors .  acci chief executive kate carnell said businesses that remain open are expected to lose money , with the extra holiday trade cancelled out by the extra wage costs .
jake shaw , 21 , was volunteering as a climbing instructor at kandersteg international scout centre when the tragedy occurred last year .  he had fallen 25ft ( 8m ) from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of august 1 .  it is believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and toppled out of the window .  he was airlifted to hospital suffering severe injuries but died nine days later .
andrew flintoff believes kevin pietersen is now ' running out of time ' to resurrect his test career .  ballance , ian bell and joe root are all now secure in the middle order for the summer .
juventus are monitoring raheem sterling ' s situation at liverpool .  manchester city , chelsea , real madrid , paris st germain and bayern munich are all among the admirers .  the italian champions want at least 55m for paul pogba .
morgan geyser , 12 , along with anissa weier , 13 , are being tried as adults for attempted first - degree intentional homicide in the attack on payton leutner in may 2014 .  her attorney , anthony cotton , applied to have her $ 500 , 000 bail reduced so that she could move to a psychiatric treatment center .  however , the judge denied a request to move the girl to a mental hospital so she could seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders .
chris keates , general secretary of the nasuwt , likened the caffeinated refreshments to ' readily available legal highs ' .  of the 3 , 500 teachers it surveyed , 13 per cent cited  use of caffeine and energy drinks  as a driver of poor pupil behaviour  teaching union is now working with national drug and alcohol charity , swanswell to provide pupils , parents and schools with advice on energy drinks .
andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the 2003 champions league final against ac milan in the first all - italian final .  another goalless draw was more successful for juve as they reached the champions league semi - finals with bayern munich , real madrid and barcelona .  juve captain gianluigi buffon said : ' seeing the journey was very difficult , we can enjoy this result even more when i was at this stage 12 years ago ' .
kingston road in stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of benefits street .  neighbours claim housing bosses have ordered the makeover in anticipation of the show ' s release .  stockton - on - tees council and thirteen group have denied the works were planned .
nearly 100 submissions have been created , with a number of them focusing on the 300m - high eiffel tower in paris .  the iconic tower , on the champ de mars , was opened in 1889 and has come to define the capital .  without the statue of liberty to draw boats of tourists , liberty island looks forlorn and barren .
ukip leader said his party is now the ' serious challenger ' to labour in northern seats .  he accused the party of making claims ukip is racist because it is ' running scared ' .  mr farage accused labour of ' sneering ' at people who raised issues about immigration .
eben kaneshiro , 35 , was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first - degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy .  authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at deschutes county adult jail , according to oregonlive .  he had a record of 19 - 12 in 31 mma fights since 2002 and last fought in des , idaho , in 2014 .
fear involves dropping out of the football league a week after 94 years of membership .  tranmere ' s only professional sports outfit are one point behind cheltenham and two behind hartlepool .  the battle between barnet and bristol rovers will go down to the last game .
iran has forbidden its citizens from travelling to saudia arabia ' s holy sites .  alleged abuse comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers .
antoine griezmann opened the scoring for real sociedad after just 10 minutes .  mikel gonzalez diverted a corner past his own goalkeeper geronimo rulli who fails to punch it away .  fernando torres doubled the ball over his own keeper after little more than 90 seconds .
one in four britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051 .  campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing , schools and the nhs .  by the midpoint of the 21st century , minority ethnic communities will make up 24 . 3 per cent of the total population , compared with 12 . 8 per cent during the 2011 census .
zoella , real name zoe elizabeth sugg , has enjoyed meteoric success .  jamie oliver ' s company says it has a deal with youtube that stops sugary food from being promoted next to his videos .  it comes after an investigation found that video blogs - known as vlogs - are being hijacked by 30 - second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites .
david serbeck , 42 , was shot and paralyzed by a 17 - year - old girl in july 2009 .  serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison .  his attorney says the jury gave her client a long sentence after being led to believe he was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit .
life expectancy of women aged 65 , 75 , 85 and 95 fell in 2012 .  first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded .  by 2013 , the average 75 - year - old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks less than in 2011 .
cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother .  the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet , gloves and a power backpack .  cheng said he was too ' chubby ' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him .
carla zampatti presented a celebratory ss15 - 16 collection at sydney ' s opera house today .  the designer ' s collection featured indian pinks , buttercupss and electric blues against her trademark monochrome .  the collection is said to be a nod to the excessive glamour of the eighties .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and his bride dayangku raabi ' atul ' adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah married in an opulent ceremony yesterday .  the couple wore outfits embellished with diamonds , rather than flowers .  prince william ' s wedding to kate middleton in april 2011 was arguably the biggest wedding of the 21st century .
gerry anderson has criticised the computer - generated remake for lacking ' magic ' of the classic show .  his son jamie , whose father died aged 83 in december 2012 , said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ' lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets .  the remake will feature the tracy family whose mission is to save the world through their secret organisation international rescue .
manchester city sporting director txiki begiristain checked on porto pair yacine brahimi and alex sandro on tuesday night .  city are also keen admirers of wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne .  city ' s head of youth development patrick vieira has been mooted as a possible replacement .
the fast - casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities .  the app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to uber taxis .  chipotle has gone from strength to strength in recent years and this month two presidential candidates have been spotted in their restaurants .
shadow chancellor said he would not make ' unfunded and uncosted commitments ' . comes after david cameron pledged to give nhs 8billion a year .  but he refused to say how he will find the money . comes as ed miiband prepares to unveil party ' s manifesto in manchester .  he said : ' i ' ll save the nhs but i ' m not going to make promises until we can show where the money is going to come from ' .
ibrahim jalloh and another australian , bengali sherrif , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014 .  the two were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice .  the young man arrived in australia from sierra leone with his mother , three sisters and brother eight years ago .
shannon carter , 21 , repeatedly struck 20 - year - old amelia gledhill with a stiletto .  she was left traumatised by the incident and is still having eyesight .  carter , from east bowling , bradford , jailed for three - and - a - half years at bradford crown court .
lucy southern was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager alex nkoroi .
wladimir klitschko has confirmed that tyson fury will be his next opponent .  the ibf , wba and wba king ended his seven - year hiatus by beating bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night .  the american boxing public fell out of love with the ukrainian back in 2008 when he outpointed russian sultan ibragimov in an uninspiring , lop - sided victory .
aitor karanka is targeting wins from all of his side ' s remaining fixtures .  middlesbrough are seven points behind boro but only outside the play - offs on goal difference after saturday ' s 2 - 1 defeat to birmingham .  middlesbrough boss eddie howe insists his side are not getting carried away at the top of the championship .
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .  following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it .  the zoo did not confirm if it was able to salvage the drone .
ralph vaughan williams ' s work topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation ' s favourite desert island discs tune .  british composer vaughan williams was inspired by a poem of the same name by george meredith .  the full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games , with two of them making the top 20 .
sarah stage , a 30 - year - old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday afternoon .  baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long , adding : ' he ' s a big healthy boy and he got an apgar score of eight to nine ' .
uefa has ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors .  montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban following the abandonment of a euro 2016 qualifier in podgorica .  the football association of montenegro ( fscg ) had branded fans who forced the abandonment as ' barbarians ' .
bodycam footage shows donald allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22 - caliber pistol at officer brian barnett , 25 .  then shoots barnett dead after he comes at him with the gun , making threatening statements as he does .  the camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost .
alastair cook ' s former team - mate graeme swann pointed out when england captain ' s form turned for the worse .  adil rashid was made to wait for his test debut after being left out after much discussion on day one .  yorkshire smith became the first grenadan ever to score a test run in grenada .
self - styled  angry leftie revolutionary and magician  gareth shoulder , from liverpool , has been recruited by the bbc to comment on the election as a member of its  generation 2015 election youth panel  shoulder , 24 , used his  @ bbcgen2015  twitter page to make the disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy .
ronald anderson , 48 , was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d . c . suburb of prince george ' s county .  he was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ' visibly afraid ' girlfriend .  the woman , whose 10 - month - old son was home , told police that anderson had hit her several times , knocking her into walls , because he thought she was looking at another man .
mats hummels has been linked with a move to borussia dortmund .  the germany international has been on manchester united ' s list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision .  the 26 - year - old sat out dortmund ' s 3 - 2 defeat of hoffenheim in the german cup on tuesday night .
marcus copeland , 44 , admitted one count of fraud at caernarfon crown court .  he splashed out almost 1million to complete the six - bedroomed eco house .  he sourced specialist scottish stone and installed the latest environmentally friendly technologies to make the house in cwm dyserth , north wales , one of the most ' green ' builds in the country .
british company swan has just released a top - of - the - range steam generator iron , for 279 . 99 .  it produces twice as much steam , making shorter work of wrinkles .  despite the investment , you get only a two - year guarantee .
eight sides still have a chance of claiming promotion to the premier league .  bournemouth , norwich , watford , middlesbrough , derby , wolves , wolves and ipswich are all in the play - offs .  troy deeney has plundered 63 goals in the championship in the past three seasons .  bradley johnson has been in prolific form in front of goal this season .
thousands of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives during the klondike gold rush .  keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master - carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide him along the infamous chilkoot trail .  he is descended from skookum jim , the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896 .
kate t . parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly - titled series strong is the new pretty .
afzal khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms . federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20 , 000 reward for information leading to his arrest . flamboyant khan , known to his clients as ' bobby ' , opened the emporio motor group in new jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile .  if convicted , he could face a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a multi - million dollar fine .
manchester united beat liverpool 3 - 1 at anfield on saturday .  ander herrera scored a stunning volley on the hour mark .  the pair have been in scintillating form in recent weeks .  louis van gaal ' s side are now third in the premier league table .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
click on your team news ahead of the premier league weekend .  click here for all the latest premier league news .
ellia beasley had the line ' scream your heart out ' written across her belly .  but she no longer wanted to have the tattoo following ian watkins ' s imprisonment .  singer ian watkins was sent to prison for 35 years in 2013 after being convicted of a string of child sex offences - including the attempted rape of a fan ' s baby .  ellia , now 22 , has more than 20 tattoos on her arms , legs and body .
cristiano ronaldo only needed 288 games to score 300 goals for real madrid .  the 30 - year - old scored the landmark goal against rayo vallecano on april 8 .  ronaldo has only taken six years to reach the figure in all competitions .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their upcoming documentary the r - word .  the documentary is in pre - production while they try to raise $ 200 , 000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo .
will stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team .  the manor have had their teething problems since being rescued from administration .  stevens is confident the problem will not reoccur at the shanghai international circuit .
ap mccoy won his 4 , 000th race at wetherby in november 2013 .  he outstrips 16 - time darts champion phil taylor by almost 200 weeks .  mccoy ' s achievements have transcended racing  s usual boundaries .
ava gardner called 34 ennismore gardens her ' little london retreat ' .  five bathroom apartment boasts five bedrooms and five bathrooms . renters can boast that the buildings corridors were once graced by the screen icon .  the apartment is being offered for 10 , 500 per week , which equates to 546 , 000 per week .
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u . s . ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust . polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled . comey ' s comments are particularly offensive to poles not only because they had no role in running auschwitz and other death camps where jews were murdered during world war ii .
the youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod .  he then reels down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side  tension on the end of it is now visible .  nathan wardle of mega fishing thailand said that the fish was most likely a nile tilapia , although it is hard to see exactly from the clip .
two months after announcing that he is leaving the daily show , stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ' relentless ' 24 - hour news networks anymore .  ' i live in a constant state of depression .  i think of us as turd miners .  i put on my helmet , i go and mine turds , hopefully i don ' t get turd lung disease ' .
the disused rhondda tunnel was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks .  project spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network .  engineers are due to visit the 3 , 148m tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route .
ian harris , 51 , is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster .  he is challenging the dvla over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo , which he says is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs .  the father - of - one has already been turned down by the government agency but has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear in a second bid .
european parliament set to vote to close current loophole next week .  all alcoholic drinks exempt from having to reveal nutritional value .  european winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs , and hit smaller vineyards .
al qaida seized control of a major airport , sea port and oil terminal in southern yemen today , consolidating its hold on the country ' s largest province .  it came amid wider chaos pitting shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a saudi - led air campaign .
david fitzgerald , a san francisco based author , believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves jesus did not exist . he claims there are no contemporary mentions of jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived .  he also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of mark , matthew and luke , claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of jesus .
stuart addison was serving on hmas stirling off the coast of western australia when he took his own life in 2011 .  his father , mark addison , was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son ' s life support after several days in hospital .  stuart has started a petition asking prime minister tony abbott to allow the families of military personnel access to their files when there was evidence of self - harm .
marks found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in poitou - charentes .  similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives .  this is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57 , 600 years .
juventus face monaco in their champions league quarter - final on tuesday .  carlos tevez has scored six champions league goals this season .  the italian side are already on course for the serie a title .  massimiliano allegri is hoping to end 19 years of champions league hurt .  click here for all the latest juventus news .
the anzac day australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century - old tradition of two - up in pubs and clubs all around the country .  the game dates back to australia ' s goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s .  while the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times .
internal investigation has reportedly found the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc ' s nightly news .  williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a self - aggrandizing , false story about being aboard a u . s . military chopper .
aston villa beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final at wembley .  shay given will keep his place in aston villa ' s side for the final .  brad guzan lost out to given for the match and is set to lose out again .
james holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder .  if convicted , holmes could be sentenced to death if convicted by reason of insanity .  prosecutors argue holmes was sane and fully aware that what he was doing was wrong .  holmes admits he was the shooter , but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill .
javier hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter - final second leg .  cristiano ronaldo was sent off in the 76th minute as atletico madrid were forced to play with 10 men .  arda turan is sent off by german referee felix brych as atletico play 10 men at the bernabeu .
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ' fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds .  his son then went about filming the moment of discovery .  footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with porter ' s six - year - old granddaughter porter getting red - faced and dramatically crying in horror .
zara tindall , 33 , turned out to watch rob edmond ' s marathon barrel - roll .  edmond rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day , only stopping to sleep .  edmond was the personal trainer on itv ' s the biggest loser .
billy vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting mathew tait .  the england no 8 was free to face clermont auvergne in saturday ' s champions cup semi - final .  saracens are the last remaining english club in the competition .  former england under 20s captain maro itoje has signed a new long - term contract at saracens .
daley blind played his part in manchester united ' s 4 - 2 derby win over city .  the dutchman has urged manchester united to focus on their next premier league match against chelsea on saturday .  blind has urged united to watch for their own games against chelsea .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
mark bellis is honorary professor of public health at bangor university .  he will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife .
the welsh fort , off the coast of tenby , will be accessible via footbridge .  currently , the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide .  developer peter prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers .
anti - hillary clinton street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism .  following clinton ' s announcement on sunday , a hashtag on twitter also began trending called # whyimnotvotingforhillary .  a wave of users began using the hashtag giving their reasons for why they would not be voting for clinton because of benghazi .
barcelona face paris saint - germain in the champions league quarter - final .  gerard pique says luis suarez , lionel messi and neymar have a special relationship .  the spanish giants are in france ahead of their crucial champions league tie against psg .
arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with jose mourinho .  arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .  wenger says the result will be down to the performance on the day .
94 , 872 residents and 42 , 424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states .  also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2 , 314 businesses with a ' significant customer presence ' .  if they adjusted their pace to 3 . 5 mph , the number of people at risk drops below 16 , 000 .
jose mourinho says he doesn ' t care where chelsea win the premier league .  the blues lead the table by six points , with a game in hand .  eden hazard will start for chelsea against stoke city on saturday .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
a sapphire glass used in the device has remained scratch - free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer .  two out of the three models of apple watches , which are available to pre - order from today , have sapphire glass screens .  the test was carried out by cardiff - based iphonefixed .  co . uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment .
13 - year - old stephanie thought she could use his hobby to send a message to her father in nevada  s delamar dry lake .  she enlisted the help of car manufacturer hyundai to make the earth drawing , that has broken a world record for its size .  measuring 5 , 556 , 411 . 80 square feet or 59 , 808 , 480 . 26 square feet , the guinness world record has now declared it the largest tire track image ever .
david alaba has been ruled out for seven weeks with a torn knee ligament .  the versatile left - back was injured in austria ' s 1 - 1 draw against bosnia - herzegovina on tuesday .  alaba is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month .  bayern are top of the bundesliga with eight games left and through to the german cup last eight .
reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song .  in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing gum .  the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .  the study was carried out by scientists at the university of reading .
the song can ' t be identified and doesn  t fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale .  experts are sure the noise isn  t made by arnoux ' s beaked whales , because the signal doesn ' t match their songs .  the word ' song ' is used to describe pattern of regular and predictable sounds made by some species of whales .  male humpback whales have been described as ' inveterate composers ' of songs .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting .  two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013 , killing three people and injuring 264 .  the same jury will hear testimony on .  whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for .  his crimes , starting next tuesday , the day after the 2015 marathon takes place .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 in their champions league quarter - final .  javier hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  raphael varane filmed the team ' s entrance to the santiago bernabeu .
researchers at the university of arizona found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ' reaction chamber ' in its stomach .  when threatened , the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul - smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ' gun smoke ' .  this behaviour has been caught on camera by wendy moore and her colleagues .
isis militants seized control of yarmouk camp in south damascus last wednesday .  they posted gruesome images showing severed heads of alleged members of aknaf beit al - maqdis online .  like isis , the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy , it has until now been to defend the camp ' s 18 , 000 residents from a two year siege carried out by the assad regime .
chase lacasse , 19 , was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police .  he was arrested after visiting a new hampshire ice cream stand in full uniform .  the teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police .  it is not known whether he identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress .  a customer said the costume was likely an april fools ' day prank .
shaun worthington ' s car veered into the path of oncoming traffic at 1 . 04pm .  the 29 - year - old died instantly when his car collided with a truck .  mr worthington had completed a speed awareness course at cranswick pet products in driffield , near bridlington , east yorkshire .  his mother said : ' no mother should have to go through what i have and the devastation of losing a son ' .
water - conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so - called ' gray water ' to help them meet the unprecedented new water - use restrictions imposed by governor jerry brown last week .  clean water comes in through the faucet and then fills the tank instead of simply going to waste .  on the next flush , the used hand sink water comes down into the bowl .
model chrissy teigen showed off her stretch marks on instagram .  the 29 - year - old posted a picture of her thighs which had clear stretch marks .  pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a charity event alongside her husband carey hart .  meanwhile , pink took to twitter to speak out against those who had commented on her weight at an event she attended to support a doctor friend .
former apprentice star margaret mountford will reveal that the island was the magaluf of its day and a capital for sex tourism .  she added that the word ' lesbian ' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man .  both ' sapphic ' and the name of the island have now become synonymous with lesbianism .
sonia pereiro - mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses .  she claims men were promoted ahead of her and subjected to ' gratuitous derogatory ' comments about her childcare arrangements , she alleges .  the executive director in distressed investing is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination .
the nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland , oregon .
the documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18 - month stretch beginning in 2003 .  ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet .  his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him .
a two - year - old girl from gardena , california , was found naked in a parking lot on thursday night .  her mother was too distressed to speak to media .  police are searching for the driver of a white recent - model nissan altima .
manchester city beat west ham 4 - 2 at the etihad stadium .  james collins and sergio aguero scored for the hammers .  jesus navas played a major role in manchester city ' s two goals .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane .  trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in westminster abbey .  there is less than 48 hours now until the couple exchange vows in his hometown .
quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid - performance on saturday night and taken into custody .  all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates .
salford city beat manchester city 0 - 0 in their premier league clash .  paul scholes , ryan giggs , gary neville , phil neville and nicky butt co - own the club with former manchester united team - mates .  a draw here at prescot cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility .  it takes them five points clear of darlington , who have a game in hand , at the top of the evo - stik league first division north .
trevor brooks , 39 , is an associate of islamist firebrand anjem choudary .  he was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11 - month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence .  the home office said it could not discuss individual cases .
aston villa beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .  christian benteke and fabian delph scored for villa .  tom cleverley believes tim sherwood ' s style of football is paying off .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend .  about 300 people attended a memorial at glasgow ' s george square today .  a man , believed to be 21 - year - old alexander pacteau , has been arrested .  he made a brief appearance in a private hearing at glasgow sheriff court today .
the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4 . 5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year .  it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index .  the cameras are used by professionals and hobbyists conquering six - foot waves , treacherous ski slopes and bungee jumps .  woodman ' s product - a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , or a hand - held pole - made waves in when it debuted in 2006 .
alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a ' f * * * ing old c * * t ' during newcastle vs man city .  the touchline spat occurred during a premier league match between newcastle and man city in january 2014 .  the 53 - year - old believes he has the ability to manage one of england ' s top sides .
jeremy scott ' s spring / summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta - stampede .  weighed down by eyelashes , olivia phillips took to the streets of dubai dressed as the iconic doll .
arsene wenger reveals he only makes the final decision on his starting line - up .  the frenchman has taken charge of 1 , 056 matches since his appointment in 1996 .  wenger ' s methods have delivered three premier league titles and five fa cups during his tenure at arsenal .
the error was spotted during a hampshire constabulary training course .  two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve to ' boost morale ' within the force .  chairman of the hampshire police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online .
jurgen klopp announced he will leave borussia dortmund in the summer .  the coach said he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract .  the westphalians will be fully focused for saturday ' s clash with paderborn .
ham is created with malleable material called frubber using soft - bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology .  it is currently on exhibit at the global sources spring electronics show in hong kong .
originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year .  now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 .  it is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today .
perfume entrepreneur jo malone has joined 5 , 000 small business bosses .  said they ' would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' .  ms malone said she sold her business to cosmetics giant estee lauder in 2006 but had ' started all over again ' by setting up a new business three years ago .  she said : ' the world is looking at us as a really strong economy again ' .
british fighter hamza parvez , 22 , has been living with a group of unmarried fighters in raqqa , syria .  he recently moved back to the islamic state de - facto capital city of raq .  hamza ' s friend abu mariya al - belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor .
jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith , 47 , were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone .  the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well - stocked campsite about 30km south of sandstone in remote bushland .  police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres , however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far .
mailonline ran a story on april fools ' day stating that both pre - match teamtalks by captains per mertesacker and jordan henderson would be streamed live to the world .  the story was of course a hoax but still managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger and the assembled press at the media gathering .
anil saxena , from mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging up a zebra ' s stripes to a pair of hands knitting a green field .  he says : ' if the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed , i ' m doing my job well ' .
qatar ' s constellation group snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns claridge ' s , the connaught and the berkeley hotel .  last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up canary wharf for 2 . 6 billion .  last year , the oil - rich country became the first commercial sponsor of royal ascot .  the 100 million restoration of dudley house , the uk ' s most expensive house , was completed this year .
youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money .  the man holds his money for a second , astounded , before throwing it at erakat .  ' i just want to be a helping hand today , ' erakat says , offering the man a $ 10 bill .  ' in today ' s society it ' s socially acceptable for the wealthy to give money to the homeless , ' he says .
xie hong feng was found dead after falling down an empty elevator shaft .  her neighbour and property manager yang shao told police the 45 - year - old had been pushed by her toddler son .  yang said ms xie ' s son pushed her down lift shaft to her death .
chanel , 19 , is a freelance model in the latest episode of mtv ' s true life , entitled ' i ' m obsessed with staying young ' .
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11 . 30am on thursday .  the father , 24 , and other family members inside did not know the toddler had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway , police said .  the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed .
celtic lost 4 - 1 to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying last season .  ronny deila said last summer ' s money - spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany , germany .  the norwegian says he has the blessing of chief executive peter lawwell to scale down this summer  s commitments .
apple will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow morning at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world .  customers will be able to pre - order their watch through the apple online store beginning april 10 at 8 : 01 a . m . bst for delivery beginning april 24 .
kyle knox , from london , was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31 .  the 23 - year - old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william .  rescuers were urged not to go to scotland ' s mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience .
exercise can increase the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination .  it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age .  changes in the brain may have health implications in the long - term .
jonathan trott last played a test for his country in november 2013 .  the warwickshire man was dismissed for a duck in the first over .  trott had been preferred to yorkshire ' s adam lyth .
burton albion beat morecambe 2 - 1 in their premier league clash .  lucas akins scored both goals in the victory .  shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to league one .
lord stevens was deputy commissioner of metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000 .  watchdog probe stems from complaint from stephen  s father neville lawrence .  it is alleged lord stevens failed to hand over key information to macpherson inquiry regarding the black teenager  s race hate killing .  sources close to the former scotland yard commissioner said he was vindicated last year by author of official report into lawrence corruption allegations .
jeff williams will move to the recreation ground for next season .  williams was awarded a full - time sevens contract in 2012 .  the 26 - year - old has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit .
farrend rawson played in the 1 - 0 win over brighton on easter monday .  the millers have until may 1 to appeal the decision to drop the player .  rotherham were fined 30 , 000 earlier this season after slapping afc wimbledon with a three - point deduction and 5 , 000 fine .
primatologists at iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in fongoli , senegal , and found female chimpanzees were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations .  it suggests that early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey .
for in real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie , skyfall .  one before the opening credits rolled that would have ' turned his lungs out ' .  craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter - ego  he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next bond movie , spectre .  only five minutes later plummets off a train , 260ft into the river below .
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend , naomi bass .  the couple met in perth in 2011 , and sullivan proposed to bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in kyoto .  the proposal took place in kyoto , japan two weeks ago , and the happy couple are now back in perth .  sullivan has won two silver olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the commonwealth games .
robin barton , 25 , was found abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on november 21 , 1989 .  he had heard the sound of a ' very low meow ' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster .  after moving some trash he discovered barton ' s infant body .  barton and his adoptive parents had the chance to meet with buelna last week .
one nation leader pauline hanson described halal certification as a ' profit , money - making racket ' .  she said the protests on saturday were about ' criticism , not racism ' .  ms hanson also said that the public were being ' hoodwinked ' over the issue .
pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , louie the fly , along with ' # putyourdressout ' , which was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott .  the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive .  it has been ' liked ' almost 700 times , and been shared a further 100 times .
food website food52 ' s ' not sad desk lunch ' shows how simple it can be to bring healthy , cost - effective lunches to work .  more than 60 per cent of britons who buy their lunches out spend an average of 1 , 840 a year .  workers could save up to 1 , 300 a year if they prepared their lunch at home .
queen letizia , 42 , was making an appearance at the woman awards .  the mother - of - two also unveiled a glamorous new bob hair cut .  she also presented mexican actress salma hayek , 48 , with an award .
dr joe hanson , a science writer and biologist based in austin , texas , calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements .  his formula , however , only represents the chemical make up of the human at birth .  he claims his formula represents the human molecule up .
xherdan shaqiri joined inter milan from bayern munich in january .  the 23 - year - old has been dropped to the bench for the previous two serie a matches .  roberto mancini insists the attacking midfielder is ' completely made up ' .
the merfin is a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid .  it is the brainchild of australian freediver kazzie mahina , from new south wales .  the product retails at 99 in the uk and can be used by kids and grown - ups alike .
alejandro valverde finished ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini .  team sky ' s chris froome fell in the closing 12km but fought on to finish the race despite being ' banged up ' .
santiago vergini is keen to stay at sunderland for another two years .  the argentinian defender has played a key role in sunderland ' s 1 - 0 derby win over newcastle united on sunday .  the 26 - year - old has made 35 appearances for sunderland this season .
manchester city lost 4 - 2 to manchester united at old trafford on sunday .  sergio aguero scored the only goal of the game in the etihad .  the argentine has scored 100 goals in just 158 games for city .  city are currently fourth in the premier league table .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet .  he even threatened to post a sex video of her 18 - year - old daughter on her facebook page .  the terrified woman said her life became a living ' hell ' .  he was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again .
tahlequah police intercepted a package headed to a home in tulsa county , oklahoma , and the intended recipient , carolyn ross , has now been arrested .  the pound of meth has a street value of around $ 30 , 000 .  ross is being held at the cherokee detention center on $ 75 , 000 bond .
moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at st james ' s palace when she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster .  the leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at windsor castle .  ms gemmill was the fifth cyclist killed on london ' s road this year .
saba syed and husband sheikh amari have been married for 12 years .  they run one of the country ' s leading supercar dealerships exporting dream cars .  a standard supercar can cost around 250 , 000 , with the interior paint costing up to 10 , 000 .
robbie savage has taken to twitter to show his fitness regime is paying dividends .  the match of the day pundit took part in the bbc ' s strictly come dancing with ola jordan .  sportsmail ' s laura williamson described the star as marmite .
prosecutors previously said that robert dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv .  the crash killed 24 - year - old amanda murphy , who was eight months pregnant , and her fiance jason timmons .  dellinger pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and one count of assault for the fetus ' death .
xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old , was found in a small dark room .  now 34 , a very gaunt xie said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily .
adelaide crows captain taylor ' tex ' walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven - year - old girl .  satine cahill was serving as the team ' s mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday .  she became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47 , 000 fans in the stadium .  the touching moment was captured by photographers and has been doing the rounds on social media .
mahendra ahirwar , 12 , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body .  his weak backbone means he can ' t stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position .  his father mukesh , 40 , and mother sumitra , 35 , have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition .
tiger woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at the masters .  the 39 - year - old drilled his club into a tree root , causing him to drop his club and give out a painful yell .  the american ended up at 5 - under - par on 283 , tied for 17th .  jordan spieth led from start to finish at augusta , the first time that feat has been achieved in 39 years .
fight broke out at resorts world casino in queens , new york .  hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri ended up at each other ' s throats .  two women clashed during the long wait for alcohol , dragging their friends into the conflict .  three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl , which injured four security guards and a police officer .  the damage from the fight is thought to top $ 4 , 000 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
manchester city are preparing bids for raheem sterling , ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad .  the club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of frank lampard and james milner .  city are long - term admirers of sterling , 25 , and have been monitoring his comeback from a injury .
aston villa beat liverpool 2 - 1 in the fa cup fourth round at wembley .  fabian delph set up christian benteke ' s equaliser in the 36th minute .  the reds will face holders arsenal in the final at wembley next month .  delph feels they can use their cup run as a springboard to secure holderss premier league survival .  click here for all the latest aston villa news .
mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel in tijuana .  they had to descend a 10 feet long ladder to access the muddy path .  the passageway was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners .  officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced somewhere just inside u . s . territory .
exeter prop tomas francis impressed against alex corbisiero .  the 22 - year - old qualifies for both england and wales at the world cup .  stuart lancaster has been called up to gatland ' s training camp .
marcelo and mario suarez were booked during the 0 - 0 draw at the bernabeu .  marcelo will also miss the second leg of the quarter final next week .  suarez has blasted referee milorad mazic after being booked on tuesday night .
brian the lar gibbon , who is 50 - years - old , was videoed by a visitor to lake district wildlife park near keswick .  the seven - second video was shared over 130 , 000 times before the lad bible page picked it up and added : ' running across the landing naked when you forget your towel ' .
supreme court chief justice john roberts reported for jury duty in rockville , maryland on wednesday - and was not selected .  the 60 - year - old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives .  when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting judge refrained from making roberts answer , saying , ' obviously we know what you do for a living , sir ' .
professional footballers ' association announce six - man shortlist . thibaut courtois and david de gea nominated for young player of the year .  raheem sterling and philippe coutinho also nominated .
julie ronayne was left ' looking like michelin man ' after botched surgery at liverpool women ' s hospital in 2008 .  her husband edward was awarded 9 , 000 due to the nervous shock he suffered .  the nhs is now fighting to overturn the payout , fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the nhs .
jessica edgeington , 33 , of villa rica , georgia , was killed in a dive on wednesday in deland , florida .  she was a skilled diver known for a type of high - speed sport called ' swooping ' .  divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition .  it is unclear what type of dive edgeinton was maneuvering , but she appears to have run into a problem in the air .
cressida bonas has been unveiled as mulberry ' s new ambassador .  the 26 - year - old is the youngest daughter of aristocrat lady mary - gaye curzon and entrepreneur jeffrey bonas .
the martingale betting strategy of doubling up originated in france .  it is used with levels of success by punters on anzac day throughout australia .  the traditional game of two up involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd .  it ' s now legal to be played across returned servicemen league clubs ( rsl ) and pubs .
melvin the giraffe had got his head stuck in a fence when he was attacked .  around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at kristiansand zoo in norway .  zoo vets rushed to the scene , but were unable to save the five - year - old .
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook .  kandrick called rudd ' s husband after she left a scathing review on the company ' s facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to maaco .
richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer .  the 84 - year - old cricket commentator turned cricket commentating into an art form , earning him the title of ' the voice of cricket ' .  his commentary was understated , measured and often extremely funny , and his one - liners were perfectly timed .
dave king has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman .  the south africa - based businessman plans a return to the ibrox boardroom if he can overcome sfa obstacles .  king ' s ally paul murray faces his own fit and proper scrutiny .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told them ' someone ' had been run down , only for the ' victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .  another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ' bleeding ' .  east of england ambulance service said it receives around 2 , 500 calls per day .  front - line crews have attended almost half of the phoney calls , believing them to be genuine emergencies .
snp leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead .  she set out details of what she called a ' triple lock ' that exists on independence .  nick clegg warned the entire country would suffer if snp chose to ' ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want ' .  ms sturgeon was booed after saying scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the uk .
jeff novitzky will spearhead the development of the ufc ' s new drug testing programme .  the organisation announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year - round , out - of - competition testing protocol .  barry bonds , marion jones and justin gatlin were also involved .
pennyhill park boasts a 45 , 000sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , and eight swimming pools .  it has heated outdoor hot tubs , hydrotherapy pools and a 25 - metre heated swimming pool .  celebrities including nicole kidman and daniel craig are regulars .
more than 200 members of check it , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america , are the subjects of a new documentary .  the film explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons .  now , they are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in .
uber driver everardo custodio , 22 , shot a 22 - year - old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in logan square on friday night .  he then grabbed his own weapon and shot the would - be gunman , striking him multiple times in the legs and lower back .  everado was ordered held without bail sunday .  he is facing charges of aggravated battery with a firearm and illegal possession of a firearm .
roxy walsh , 34 , found the ring at the finns beach club in south kuta , bali on tuesday .  she met with the owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland ' s sunshine coast . ms walsh decided to take to social media to hunt for the rightful owner .  the pair have since been reuniting the ring back to its ' mystery owner ' .
images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world .  one image shows fighters from the sawt al - haq ( voice of rights ) battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons .  another shows female north korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of yalu river , near the town of sinuiju .  pro - russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn donetsk .
ander herrera scored twice as manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 .  louis van gaal was pleased with herrera ' s opening goal at old trafford .  the dutchman said he kissed him at half - time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life and then he said ' without control i can do it also ! ' .
jafar adeli , who is of afghani origin , arranged to meet a 14 - year - old girl for sex .  but when he arrived , he had three condoms in his pocket .  he was arrested at a bus station in leicester and jailed for 27 months .  video of his arrest has been posted on facebook and viewed more than 10 , 000 times .
manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table .  manuel pellegrini ' s side have lost 4 - 3 to united in the last six seasons .  city have conceded four in the league so far this season .  city ' s pass completion rate percentage at old trafford was their worst of the season .  noel gallagher says there is ' apathy ' towards the champions league among the fans .
tiny robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece .  they are fitted with on - board sensors , including two lasers and a digital camera .  the sensors help the avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention , while avoiding obstacles .  intel ceo brian krzanich revealed a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wristband .
melanie and vanessa iris roy , from north carolina , decided to each carry a child one year apart .  they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies , recording when their first child , jax , was born followed by their daughter ero , a year later .  the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral .
david moyes waved goodbye to manchester united exactly a year ago .  united have already won more league points than they did last season .  louis van gaal has propelled united back into the top four .
staffordshire - boxer cross was believed to have knocked one of the cooker ' s rings on the hob .
nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25 , 000 flight attendants .  the association of professional flight attendants argues the deal was at odds with kidman ' s role as a united arab women ' s goodwill ambassador .  etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline ' s top priorities .
kell brook will fight frankie gavin on may 30 at the o2 in london .  the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby .  anthony joshua faces his toughest test to date against kevin johnson .
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , has sought medical attention after he got twinkle twinkle little star trapped inside his mind last may .  he has hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years .  neurologist dr khalaf alla bushara and researcher roger dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm , though they have yet to find a cure .
roger federer defeated jeremy chardy 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 in his monte carlo opener .  the match was federer ' s first since his loss in the indian wells final in march .  the 17 - time major champion takes on gael monfils for a spot in the quarter - finals .
maria sharapova joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , and angelique kerber .  world no 1 serena williams was the highest profile absentee , admitting she was not ready for the clay court season after struggling to beat sara errani as the usa crashed out of the fed cup to italy last week .
naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning when she thought she was 15 years old .  she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .  the condition caused the ' episodic ' part of her memory to shut down , meaning she could remember things she had repeated over time such as how to drive and phone numbers .
players with over 60 caps have held professional contract with australian rugby for at least seven years .  other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they are signed to a club overseas .  flyhalf quade cooper , adam ashley - cooper , nic white , peter betham , sekope kepu and james horwill have yet to commit to the aru beyond the end of the season .
samantha fleming , 23 , was asleep in the apartment she shared with her boyfriend and newborn daughter when the doorbell rang on april 6 .  geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , has been charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement .  police say jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal fleming ' s daughter , serenity , and claim the girl as her own .  jones has waived extradition and is expected to be returned to madison county by april 30 .
edinson cavani has been linked with a move to manchester united .  psg owner nasser al - khelaifi has ruled out selling the uruguayan .  radamel falcao and robin van persie could leave old trafford this summer .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
the enormous 20 , 000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is listed at $ 13 million .  it took five years to build the house , which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens .  the show centers on lucious lyon , played by terence howard , deciding which of his three sons will take over his company , empire entertainment .
eight animals are dead , including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael jackson , after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at the garold wayne interactive zoological park in oklahoma .  authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile ' boiled to death ' .  the fire was set in the early morning hours that march day and joe schreibvogel said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire ?
rangers insist that their fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with sports direct .  the ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims mike ashley  s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property , including the club  s famous crests .  the rangers board have reassured fans that the club still owns trademarks and the badge .
footage shows the seven - day - old foal nuzzling sunny bayne ' s shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly .  the young rider from kentucky can ' t stop smiling at the animal ' s silly antics .  another adult horse is seen on the sidelines watching the heartwarming petting session unfold .
those studying at goldsmiths , university of london , invited to discuss ' diversifying the curriculum ' . organiser told white people and men ' not to come ' as it was only open to bme [ black and minority ethnic ] women .  union eventually backed down after a backlash from students , one of whom described the exclusive policy as ' patronising beyond belief ' .
redditor roxambops , aka roxy de la rosa , posted the pictures on reddit this week .  the traveller missed the whole thing being asleep and slept through his alarm .  he even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild .  the trip cost alex upwards of 1 , 000 ( $ 1 , 600 ) and even missed getting up for the jungle trek completely .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
kilcoy state school is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area . 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted the potentially deadly disease .  infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper attributed the outbreak to an anti - vaccination trend .  dr cooper said it was essential to convince parents to take children with any symptoms to their family doctor .
raheem sterling has been offered a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract at anfield .  the 20 - year - old has admitted he is ' flattered ' by interest from arsenal .  brendan rodgers said he was ' relaxed ' about his contract situation .  he said liverpool are a ' superpower ' of world football .
paul mason , 54 , from ipswich , suffolk , once tipped the scales at 70st .  but the nhs refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin .  mr mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the u . s . after plastic surgeon dr jennifer capla offered to carry out the procedure for free .  she said : ' i can ' t make any more progress if they don ' t do these operations and no - one would help him ' .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe were pictured smoking a shisha pipe .  the pair were pictured during a visit to a cafe in london earlier this season .  sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide .  the 20 - year - old is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday and he will be reminded of his professionalism and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called ' hippy crack ' .
the u . s . census bureau released the updated figures online tuesday . 95 . 9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014 , according to the findings .  in 2012 , 71 . 4 percent did not have children .
conservatives  economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement .  employment rose above 31million in three months to february , official figures showed .  david cameron said the conservatives had overseen a  jobs miracle  and britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the eu put together .  rolls - royce announced its biggest - ever order , worth more than 6billion , to power passenger jets for the middle eastern airline emirates .
game of thrones star kit harington poked fun at belfast and tourism bosses .  the 28 - year - old joked to host seth myers that belfast is ' wonderful for two or three days ' and said he has spent five years filming in the city .  tourism bosses have leveraged the show  s popularity to draw visitors and they said it has helped belfast to become one of the most popular city break destinations in the uk .
attorneys for brown ' s mother , lesley mcspadden , and his father , michael brown sr .  , announced at a press conference in early march that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed ' soon ' .
victoria police arrested 35 - year - old abijath desikan following the 7 . 5 hour siege at riverside quay .  the man , of no fixed address , faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates ' court tomorrow morning .  the siege came to an end just before 5 . 30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man .
a new survey has shown that australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place .  a luxurious sydney hotel room will set you back $ 1126 per night , $ 640 more than in new york .  the united states remains the world ' s cheapest developed country .  new zealand came in as the second most expensive country in the world and the united kingdom was third .
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film which was set for last friday .  it said it will still show the oscar - nominated movie but with an educational forum follow - up to allow students to discuss the film .  the film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students .
united states has deployed uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off yemen .  cargo ships ' presence raised fears within the saudi - led coalition which is helping yemen ' s government fight off iranian - backed rebels known as the houthis .  coalition of arab countries backed by america continued its aerial assault on yemen today , killing at least 20 people in the capital sana ' a .
work and pensions secretary hits out at labour ' s ' politics of hate and envy ' .  he called on fellow tories to ' bang the drum ' in next fortnight to champion achievements .  ' they are reinventing the politics of fear .  it ' s alive and well .  labour is picking enemies .  it isn ' t a message of hope , ' he said .
dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly - burmese nationals being identified , the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina .  report traced slave - caught seafood from there to thailand where it can then enter the supply chains of some of u . s . retailers .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to fiorentina .  the german striker insists he is keen to stay at the nou camp .  gomez left bayern munich to join the viola for over 17million in july 2013 .
kieran loveridge allegedly had an affair with jody marson .  the 21 - year - old was moved to goulburn supermax prison because he had an ' improper relationship ' with a female officer .  corrective services nsw has launched an investigation into the matter .
property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring the practicality of your kitchen design .
the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco . ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to dive for abalone .  abalone is a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy .
jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he noticed debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain - link fence on the edge of a cliff .  he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety .  warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for .
suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in jalalabad , afghanistan .  thirty - five people died and 125 have been injured after the bomb exploded .  islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack , president ghani said .
eligah christian , 49 , was taken into custody friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars .  earlier friday , an officer spotted christian driving a 2014 motorhome near wasilla .  he was being sought on a $ 100 , 000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .
toronto police officer ryan willmer has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying .  the day of pink is an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the lgbt community .
andy murray and kim sears will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral next week .  miss sears , 27 , is the daughter of former lawn tennis association head of women ' s tennis nigel sears .  the couple have dated since they started dating in 2005 .  murray was presented with a cake to mark his 500th atp tour victory cake in miami this week .
dr ros altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip - off pension and mortgage charges .  she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving .  dr altmann will oversee the government  s pension reforms , which have allowed people to cash in retirement funds rather than being forced into buying often poor - value annuities .
floyd mayweather jnr faces manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas .  mayweather is down to within three - and - a - half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of the fight .  the undefeated american has been documenting their training camps on social media and are now just a few weeks away from contesting the wba , wbo and wbc welterweight titles .
nigel benn takes on ricky hatton at his manchester gym .  benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional and impressed on the pads .  the 51 - year - old now lives in australia and works as a charity worker .
roma ' s stadio olimpico stadium will be part closed for game against atalanta on april 19 .  the banner caused outcry for insulting the mother of a napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes last year .  antonella leardi whose son ciro esposito died after being shot during violent clashes that followed last year ' s coppa italia final .
nick clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains .  but behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ' in the 30 ' after a catastrophic collapse in support .  instead of battling to win seats across the country , the party has highly targeted strategy , effectively fighting 60 by - elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance .
hull head to southampton on saturday without a win in five games .  steve bruce admits his side need to pull off ' crazy results ' if they ' re going to avoid relegation from the league .  the tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins for qpr and leicester .
hassan munshi and talha asmal , both 17 and from dewsbury , west yorkshire , flew to turkey on march 31 .  they are believed to have fled to war - torn syria after travelling to turkey .  muslim leader farouk younis said muslims must talk to other teenagers who ' might be looking at them and thinking this is the way ' .
two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in ' le choc ' at demba diop stadium in dakar .
temperatures set to reach 25c ( 77f ) in the south east today .  this will beat marseille at 22c ( 72f ) , rome at 21c ( 70f ) and madrid at 18c ( 64f ) tonight .  hottest day of the year before tuesday was last friday , when a high of 21 . 9c ( 71 . 4f ) was seen at shoeburyness in essex and 22 . 4c at manston , kent .
jannik andersen , a student at the university of colorado , was struck by a train on saturday .  he was hit and killed by the train in indio , four miles northeast of coachella .  police have launched an investigation into the incident .  it remains unclear why andersen was on the train tracks instead of .
workers at two texas stores , as well as in california , florida and oklahoma , were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs .  almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone .  walmart will put both the full - time and part - time workers on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another walmart location .
stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club this season .  rangers host hearts in their final chance of the regular season .  hibernian have racked up 3 - 1 and 2 - 0 victories at ibrox back in august .
stephanie scott ' s body was found by police in cocoparra national park , nsw , on april 10 .  the 26 - year - old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school on april 5 .  school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .  a memorial service will take place on wednesday afternoon in eugowra , nsw .
joshua burns , formerly of brighton , was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second - degree child abuse .  he claims he was trying to save his daughter from hitting her head on a coffee table he grabbed her by the face .  he and his wife , brenda burns , say he is innocent , and that he grabbed their daughter naomi ' s face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife .
shanice farier , 22 , was found guilty of stealing 15 , 000 from kanoo travel .  she spent it staying in hotels and living ' an opulent lifestyle ' , judge said .  farier appeared at derby crown court highly made up , wearing a figure - hugging dress and clutching an expensive - looking handbag .  judge told her it was time to ' get her hands dirty ' before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work .
wladimir klitschko goes up against bryant jennings in new york .  fury is the mandatory challenger to the long - reigning heavyweight champion .  fury hopes to lure him to england in the autumn .
helaman barlow , who was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah , said he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind .  his account comes amid reports that jeffs continues to direct the fundamentalist church of latter - day saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12 - year - old girls .
taubman died friday night at his home in michigan after a heart attack .  he donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums . his business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog - serving a & w restaurant chain , for which he traveled to hungary to figure out why the country ' s sausage was so good .
amelia morton , 23 , from birmingham , weighed 12 - and - a - half stone .  trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university .  told by her father : ' boys don ' t fancy fat girls ' .  forced to get a part - time job in retail to fund her eating habits .
four - year - old rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton ' s syndrome .  his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body .  his mother valerie jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out .  but while out shopping , mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police , who had been called by a member of the public .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jay brittain , 63 , was worried the baby owls at small breeds farm and owl centre , herefordshire , look so similar at birth .  he instructed workers to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their own ' talon salon ' .  the first born tawny owl is given orange talons , the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born , pink .  mr brittain said : ' it is just normal ladies ' nail varnish ' .
lionel messi took to instagram to post a picture of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son .  the couple are reported to have settled on the name benjamin  the same name his good friend and international team - mate sergio aguero picked for his son .  messi and roccuzzo ' s first son , thiago , was born in november 2012 .
lionel messi should be available for barcelona ' s trip to celta vigo .  the spain international did not feature in either of argentina ' s friendlies during the international break after suffering a blow to his right foot in last month ' s ' clasico ' against real madrid .  gerard pique says messi can play at balaidos ( celta ' s stadium )
khim hang , 22 , is the youngest designer to ever show at mercedes - benz fashion week australia at just 22 years of age .  the brisbane - based designer is heavily influenced by his cambodian heritage and committed to improving working conditions in cambodia .  he also spoke about his hesitance to visit cambodia after the horror his parents went through trying to flee pol pot , leader of the khmer rouge .
ricardo carvalho gave juventus the lead after 57 minutes with a 70 - yard pass .  arturo vidal equalised for the hosts with a header from the spot .  juventus midfielder arturo vidal gave the hosts the lead on 57 minutes .
jessica howard , 23 , denounced ' night stalker ' clive howard , 57 , for string of assaults .  she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words .  howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes , one attempted rape and three kidnappings .  detectives revealed 15 other women have come forward since howard appeared in court last year to say he also attacked them .
sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in the europa league final .  the spanish club have won the competition for a record fourth time .  the draw was made at uefa ' s headquarters in nyon .
all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun , completing their orbits in just 5 , 15 and 24 days .  the automated planet finder ( apf ) consists of a 2 . 4 - metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high - resolution spectrograph .
a red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen , japan .  the fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of crows .  the animal takes a tumble and lands on his head , losing the dispute over possession of the bone .  steller eagle sea eagles are large birds of prey which live in coastal areas of north eastern asia .
brady eaves , 18 , was filmed biting the head off a live hamster at a spring break party .  the footage was allegedly filmed in florida and could see eaves charged with felony animal cruelty .  eaves ' stepfather and mother revealed he has been withdrawn from school .  it comes after phi delta theta openly condemned him ' disturbing ' and ' disappointing ' .
didier drogba opened the scoring for chelsea with a close - range finish in the first half .  kasper schmeichel doubled chelsea ' s lead with a scramble in the leicester box .  ramires ' s goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour .
james bowen , 36 , has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and churned out multiple spin offs  earning 500 , 000 in just three years .  since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out 15 , 500 for bowen  who has a personal accountant  to live in his housing association flat in haringey , north london .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman ' s arm just in time .  but before the ladder could be used the woman lowered herself on to the ledge .  the woman was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .
rory mcilroy battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan .  the 25 - year - old defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown .  the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .
the maria christina royal devant - de - corsage brooch is expected to fetch 1 . 33million .  the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to 20th centuries .  a pair of antique emerald indian bangles are believed to have descended from one of the more prominent indian royal families .
aussies are planning to travel abroad between may and august . seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe .  the number of australians travelling overseas has also increased .
sam bennett was involved in a mass pile - up in the final kilometre of the scheldeprijs one day classic .  the 24 - year - old suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders .  team sky ' s bradley wiggins and geraint thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash .  team - mate elia viviani collided with a barrier and was taken to hospital for x - rays complaining of pain in his arm .
atletico madrid know how to replace stars from david de gea to thibaut courtois .  sergio aguero was a star at atletico before being replaced by radamel falcao .  diego ribas became arda turan at the vicente calderon under simeone .  jorge mendes has worked closely with the club and its managing director miguel angel gil marin across the last five years .  click here for all the latest atletico madrid news .
mikel arteta is set to miss saturday ' s fa cup semi - final against reading .  the spaniard is out of contract with arsenal in the summer .  the 33 - year - old is expected to agree a 12 - month extension at wembley .  arteta has missed much of the season but his team - mates have racked up a run of eight successive victories .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
jordan spieth won the 79th masters at augusta national on sunday .  the 21 - year - old gave a birdie putt on the third hole on the seventh hole .  he formally acknowledged the patrons crammed into every available space .  the masters specialist who admitted he had been outplayed by a man who had competed at augusta only once before .
dita von teese , real name heather renee sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d ' lish , to offer strip guests a striptease workshop .
president barack obama secretly granted the cia a pass on providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the us .  the cia was seeking to destroy an al qaeda compound in pakistan when two hostages were killed in a botched drone strike in january .
dr donald dewitt , 65 , a veteran teacher at bergen county academies in hackensack , new jersey , has been charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact .  the married father of one allegedly tried to have sex with a 16 - year - old girl and sent her lewd emails .  the victim ' s sister discovered dewitt ' s raunchy emails and told their mother , who then called police .
one direction singer niall horan caddied for rory mcilory in the traditional par - 3 contest at augusta national .  horan fell while carrying mcilroy ' s clubs on the par - three course .  tiger woods also played the par 3 contest for the first time in 11 years .
experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences in new york city studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread .  their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming , which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival .
leigh griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during good friday night .  the scotland star was caught in the act on the bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match at st mirren .  ronnie deila has encouraged the concept of a strict diet regime for his players .
violet pietrok , from portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a congenital malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb .  it is so rare only 100 cases have been reported .
kristi gordon , of british columbia ' s news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments .
sportsmail have teamed up with gillette to win a pair of nike magista obra boots signed by manchester city goalkeeper joe hart .  hart is the no 1 for manchester city and the england national team .  the lucky prize winner will also receive a gillette fusion proglide razor and shaving foam .
the 511 elephant tusks , worth $ 6million ( 4m ) , were bound for laos .  they were seized upon arrival at a major port in chonburi province in eastern thailand .  bust came after customs officials received a tip - off in laos and thailand .  thailand is one of the top destinations for african ivory smuggling in asia .
chelsea beat arsenal 0 - 0 at the emirates on sunday night .  jose mourinho praised john terry ' s performance against arsenal .  terry was at the heart of another impressive defensive display .
international monetary fund predicts uk economy will grow by 2 . 7 % this year and 2 . 3 % in 2016 .  it comes as tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero per cent .  low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the uk .
monaco held to a goalless draw with montpellier at stade louis ii .  lucas barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar to put the visitors in the lead .  the win would have moved monaco level on points with third - place marseille .  result sees monaco remain in fourth spot behind marseille , lyon and paris st germain .  second - division auxerre beat french cup holder guingamp 1 - 0 to reach the final .
researchers say 75 % of extreme hot weather and 18 % of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man - made emissions .  as climate change pushes global temperatures higher , humans will be responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events .  scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence .
ricky ricardo chiles iii , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon , illinois on thursday .  archie brown jr , 40 , and rasheed chiles , 15 , were killed at the scene .  brown struck and killed the gunman ' s two - year - old nephew damani terry after he darted into the street in front of his van .
former personal chef to the queen has revealed some of her favourite foods .  they must order in ' the freshest seasonal ingredients ' from her kitchen garden and game from the royal estates .  the successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences - including balmoral in scotland - for three months of the year .  based mainly at buckingham palace , the job pays around 28 , 000 - a - year but there is available available  for which there is a salary adjustment 
the eight - page handout , entitled islam / radical islam ( did you know ) , made unsubstantiated claims like : ' 38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' .  the handout also mentioned sharia law , jihad , and had a section entitled ' if taken hostage by radical islamists , what to do ' .
geneticists at harvard university have revealed that ancient european populations were dark skinned for far longer than originally been thought .  rather than lightening as early humans migrated north from africa around 40 , 000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight , these first homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour .  around 5 , 800 years ago , the second gene , which makes skin colour lighter still , also began to spread though the european population .
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer spoke to bt sport pundit owen hargreaves .  the 47 - year - old said the club must ' make plans for the future before it is too late ' .  sammer joined bayern ' s hierarchy in july 2012 .
sally jones , 45 , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to join isis .  mother - of - two is believed to have set up home in raqqa , syria , with her toyboy husband .  experts say slicky - edited video is the first ' real evidence ' which shows jones involved with the brigade at a ' high level ' .
savannah guthrie and carson daly reversed gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie grease .
ann price was the owner of ann ' s snack bar in atlanta .  she was known for her no - swearing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself .
a lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs .  our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs , dust or pollen .  findings bolster the theory that modern society makes us hypersensitive to harmless allergens .
frida kahlo wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 .  their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico . the letters were written in spanish between august 1946 and november 1949 .  they were saved by jose until his death in 1995 .  they are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120 , 000 at auction on april 15 .
a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after she purchased a camera that allowed her to watch her cats from work .  the thief took her laptop , jewelry and a digital camera .  anyone who recognizes the man in the video is asked to contact crime stoppers at 800 - 577 - tips .
detective patrick cherry was filmed ranting at an uber driver in west village .  the driver , named only as humayun , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry .  detective cherry is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board following a complaint of ' discourtesy ' .
the western esplanade cul - de - sac is a real - life version of the tv comedy stella street .  the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer michael paget baxter when overcrowding meant a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury .  the whole of the back of the house is glass on the ground and first floors .
videoed in their front room , the dog named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table .  without warning , the bearded dragon then charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat .  according to the video maker , the pair completely love one another .
the nypd released the video tuesday , along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her .  the video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car .  the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness .
manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united ' s rise up the table .  the manchester city boss believes louis van gaal ' s quality should be expected to do well with such a squad .  city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions .
the inn is being built in the prince ' s model village in dorset as a joint development between the duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse .  the estate already has a prince george house , the poet laureate , but prince charles ' estate says there is growing demand for another .
frank lampard was always going to do well against the hammers .  phil jagielka is five games away from going a complete season .  tom cleverley has found a steely edge since tim sherwood took charge at aston villa .
joe root is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test against west indies .  ben stokes is giving a salute send - off by his west indian rival marlon samuels after holing out for eight runs .  root ' s average has now reached a hundred since his return to the england team last summer .
real madrid failed to activate their first option on javier hernandez .  the midnight deadline went by without madrid making a formal offer to buy him outright .  hernandez has impressed in the last few weeks with five goals in his last six games .  the 26 - year - old has been restricted to just nine starts .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
jose mourinho has sided with arsene wenger in calling into the question the legitimacy of the ballon d ' or award .  the chelsea boss believes the award should be scrapped .  lionel messi has previously won the award three times .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
oscar says he is happy at chelsea and won ' t be leaving in the summer .  the brazil international has not completed a full 90 minutes since january .  jose mourinho has largely favoured other players to oscar in the second - half .  chelsea travel to arsenal in the premier league on saturday .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
aaron tate , 29 , is accused of leaving his daughter alone on the floor of a mcdonald ' s in elyria , ohio .  police say rachel jaajaa , 22 , refused to take her daughter because it was the father ' s ' turn to have the baby ' .
the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson , allowing him to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings .  this after a ban that has been in effect since september 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch .
ronaldo brown has signed for oldham athletic after being released by liverpool .  the 16 - year - old is named after brazil ' s former striker ronaldo .  he is actually named after the original brazilian ronaldo , rather than portugal star cristiano .
asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks .  transport for london ( tfl ) rules mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver .  those from outside the eu must provide a ' letter of good conduct ' from their home country .
angie donohue broke down as she explained how her husband had tried to hire someone to kill her , even from the confines of his prison cell .  she said that when they started the doomed romance , he became increasingly possessive , always checking her whereabouts and dictating what she could not do .
manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace to avoid losing yet more ground to their rivals .  the champions had to watch in frustration as chelsea extended their lead at the top of the premier league .  city can ill afford to drop points at selhurst park on monday .
olivier giroud believes the premier league is chelsea ' s this season .  the arsenal forward gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance .  giroud has scored 18 goals this season and wants to end the season with arsenal in second and another fa cup victory .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
new york yankees and boston red sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite .  the mets are not the favorite team in one county , with fans seeming to all go for the yankees .  the toronto blue jays can also claim almost all of canada , though the yankees and red sox are also favorites in some areas .
louis van gaal ' s team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches .  chelsea , united , city , liverpool , arsenal , tottenham hotspur and southampton kept up their record against the tops premier league ' s top seven teams . united ' s record will be put to the test this saturday .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle .  her mother jan jones bought the bottle for granddaughter abi ' s 18th birthday .  but despite the bottle being sealed , the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach .  the mother - of - two said : ' i feel alarmed , justine has such a poor immune system we have to be careful really ' .
arthur townsend , 92 , poured the product over a mercedes sprinter ' s son .  he carried out the attack after becoming angry with martin carter , 96 .  retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to mr townsend ' s address .  he dumped the brown - coloured paint stripper on the van , causing more than 2 , 000 of damage .  townsend was arrested and charged with criminal damage at basildon magistrates ' court .
lewis hamilton features on the front cover of the may edition of men ' s health .  the two - time formula one champion leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season .  hamilton believes the physical demands of his body art are often under - estimated by fans .
robert ewing , 60 , accused of murdering 15 - year - old paige chivers in 2007 .  jury told he had ' inappropriate sexual interest ' in her ' chaotic and dysfunctional ' upbringing .  ewing was arrested in connection with her disappearance in september last year .  he is currently on trial at preston crown court on suspicion of murder .
passenger pamela sullins snapped photos showing a firefighter in the aisle of the mcdonnell douglas md - 888 twin - engine plane .  passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin with a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source .  delta air lines spokesperson said the crew noticed a  smoky odor in the cockpit  while taxiing to the gate .
dr neil phillips was england ' s team doctor at the 1966 world cup .  he was promoted from his role as under - 23 team doctor just before the ' 66 world cup in lilleshall .  phillips was a former director at middlesbrough and also used to have a surgery in redcar .  the fa said : ' our thoughts are with neil ' s family and friends at this sad time ' .
leicester city host swansea in the premier league on saturday .  jamie vardy scored an injury - time winner against west brom .  nigel pearson has urged his players to keep their cool .
heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools say there is evidence that academy - style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children .  they say such schools are more likely to be ranked ' outstanding ' by ofsted .  but heads expressed alarm at comments by ed miliband that labour would reimpose ' a proper local authority framework for all schools ' .
charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after an over - indulgent christmas .  joe also charted his own success through a series of selfies .  charlotte said : ' i was by no means overweight , however by looking at my body objectively , i wasn  t happy with what i saw ' .
sophia adams , 21 , has beaten 1 , 000 other hopefuls to land a coveted modelling contract with london agency bridge models .  the trainee police officer , who has a 32jj bust , will star in their spring / summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean .  she said : ' i was in total disbelief when i first found out i  d won ' .  charlotte buck , 24 , has 30g curves and was one of the top ten finalists of the ' star in a bra ' competition .
screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development .  researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease .  israeli researchers say the system is accurate , cheap and allows patients to be monitored without invasive procedures .
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , on monday evening in the bronx .  the mother - of - two was walking towards her car at about 5 : 45 p . m . when she allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda .  but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street .  her body was found just a block away from project renewal shelter on bronx blvd where she worked .
rspca inspectors called to house in lawrence weston , bristol , after calls from residents who were worried about the animals .  one picture shows a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide .  the other was chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby .  the animals are understood to have been kept at the site by their owners for around a month .  but margaret hiles , 61 , is still worried and said : ' the situation has got worse and worse ' .
a new series , chaos caught on camera , premieres on science channel monday , april 13 .  it reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama .  each natural or man - made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics , deco and explaining the facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival .
carly booth posted a behind the scenes snap on instagram .  the 22 - year - old is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk .  booth is the youngest - ever scot to qualify for the ladies european tour at the age of 17 .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah , says he had a word with a young man about his foul language during their flight from denver , colorado on sunday .  the young man then sucker punched hurst in the stomach , put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene .  hurst was charged with assault and public intoxication .
tim sherwood is a passionate man but he can ' t afford to let things get personal .  the big belgian has set the emotional bar high but it  s working .  sherwood has revived christian benteke in the same way as emmanuel adebayor last season .
mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in vladivostok , russia .  he was taken to sadgorod zoo where he has found a permanent home .  two one - month - old twins also believed to have been orphaned as a result of hunting .
ukip leader said he was ' jealous ' of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street .  mr cameron has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful .
quinton fortune claims neymar looked a shadow of his former self during barcelona ' s 1 - 0 win over celta vigo .  the brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games in a barcelona shirt .  fortune played in spain during his time at mallorca and atletico madrid .
justice anthony kennedy , the court ' s pivotal member on gay rights , has been marching in this direction with opinions dating to 1996 .  the 5 - 4 decision did not address a constitutional right to same - sex marriage , but lower court judges interpreted the ruling as an endorsement of it and began invalidating state bans .
brits spend 815million a year to ' social media proof ' their wardrobe .  nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi - tagged in same outfit .  men appeared to be the most social - conscious gender , spending an average of 61 to safe - guard against this modern day anxiety .
mcdonald ' s announced wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full - and part - time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company - owned restaurants operate .  the company said the increase will be instituted starting july 1 .  it expects the average wage to be more than $ 10 an hour by the end of 2016 , up from the current rate of $ 9 an hour .
dzhokhar tsarnaev ' s aunt , maret tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told time in an interview this week that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u . s . the bomber ' s uncle , said - hussein tsar .  # # naem , told the magazine that ' american special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded .
multi - millionaire richard harpin has given the tories 375 , 000 since 2008 .  he is chief executive of homeserve which styles itself as uk ' s ' fifth emergency service ' .  firm was handed a record 30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics .
peggy siegal said the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light .  she said steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be  sent around the world  the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years .  sony reacted with fury and a spokesman said that the company wanted to  strongly condemn  assange  s actions .
pat senior , 66 , has shared her five - bedroom home in bolton , greater manchester .  she estimates she spends 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs .  veterinary bills adding another 17 , 000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets .  mrs senior also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof .
one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious , which was nicknamed ' hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year .  eighteen other ships - including hms dragon , hms enterprise and hms richmond - had emergency evacuations .  ministry of defence confirmed there was a strict ' no touching ' rule in place at sea , which suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave .
high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .  researchers in the u . s . found that in high heels , women ' s knees are held in such an awkward , bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints .
politicians ' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how like us they really are .  samantha and david cameron ' s home has been put into the spotlight but do his belongings live up to be ' posh ' .
baby arley was born on the i - 65 in louisville , kentucky , on thursday after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital .  fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy safely .
daniel sturridge was challenged to a dance - off by kop kids presenter paisley in february .  the 25 - year - old has played only twice since suffering a hip injury against manchester united on march 22 .
cctv footage shows a man casually approach a white range rover .  seconds later , he opens door without even using a key or smashing a window .  he then manages to reverse the car away from the front of the house .  keyless car thefts are on the rise in london with 6 , 000 in the capital .
sheriff mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds .  today an 18 - year - old from birmingham was arrested on suspicion of murder .  police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham , shortly after 5pm on friday evening after reports of a stabbing .
web - based company homestay . com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield .  at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district .  rent posh private apartments in some of the world  s most glamorous cities while the owners are out of town .
sarah watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender .  but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort 100 , 000 from the footballer .  the high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her .
eddie howe ' s dad liked him instantly and had a soft spot for him .  the 37 - year - old is the opposite to mourinho , who is the different one .  howe is the man who has got them buzzing , relaxed and controlled .
yaya toure ' s cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs .  the 32 - year - old has struggled to impose himself upon games for city .  toure has been fundamental to city ' s transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions .
kayla mooney , 24 , was charged on march 31 after a seven - week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy ' s girlfriend to school officials .  the boy involved with mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year , which appear to be supported by emails between the pair .  mooney was placed on administrative leave in february and has not commented on the allegations .  she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february .
the island of st helena was discovered by juan de nova in 1502 .  it was a key stopping place for ships of the east india company and other vessels .  it played a role in both slavery and its abolition : napoleon was exiled .
jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole - in - one at the masters .  camilo villegas holed out on the fourth and eighth as he finished on five under par , only to find water on the eighth when he played it again as the third play - off hole .  streelman found couch via the make - a - wish foundation and invited him to be his caddie .  tiger woods played in the masters par - three contest for the first time in 11 years .
environmental health were called to the sutton arms , in elton , stockton .  two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six of them had clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning .  owner michael alan flegg , 68 , pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences .
nick cousins , 57 , and grace garcia cousins , 53 , arrested in hong kong .  blanca cousins , 15 , fell to her death after locking herself in bathroom .  police sources say she locked herself in a bathroom before falling to death .
lewis hamilton finished just 0 . 042secs ahead of his mercedes team - mate nico rosberg .  ferrari ' s sebastian vettel will start third , albeit down by nine tenths of a second on hamilton .  the 30 - year - old now has a record five poles to his name at the track .
bournemouth drew 2 - 2 with sheffield wednesday in the championship .  eddie howe was at a loss as to why his side were not awarded a ' clear - cut ' penalty .  lewis buxton said he got a touch to the ball when tackling wilson .
manchester united are reported to have put in a 21 . 5m bid for mats hummels .  dortmund are keen to bring in real madrid ' s sami khedira as their new captain .  jurgen khedpp announced he will leave the club at the end of the season .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
a study of wildlife sites across four english counties found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past . reading university researcher dr deepa senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame .  climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants .
migrants arriving in the uk will be banned from receiving handouts from the welfare state for four years .  home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe .  under the proposals , migrants would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they do not get a job within six months of arriving .  there will also be a ban on ' exporting ' child benefit for children living in other eu countries .
christopher marinello has tracked down nine paintings stolen from an la mansion .  the 53 - year - old is representing the heirs of renowned art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse ' s 1921 femme assise .  the reclusive eccentric died in may last year and left the collection to kunstmuseum bern .
kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew magil lachaux , 39 , have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a north las vegas home .  the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services .
alex rodriguez returned from 162 - game suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance - enhancing drugs from a florida clinic .  a - rod received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read ' forgive ' in the crowd .  tampa bay rays designated hitter john jaso suffered a left wrist contusion sliding into second base in
sir ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the race .  the 71 - year - old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 .  he has raised almost 1million for marie curie , previously raising 6 . 3m .
freddie gray , 25 , died from unexplained spinal cord injuries , according to a leaked affidavit .  a person who asked him not be identified for fears over their safety .  the only other prisoner who rode in a police van with gray on april 12 told investigators that he heard gray ' banging against the walls ' and ' trying to injure himself ' .
renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands .  avery was born with congenital femoral deficiency , which affects her legs , hips , and knees .
jesse o ' brien , from kesgrave , suffolk , has to take 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis .  the six - year - old is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills .  his mother heidi , 37 , said her idea to provide encouragement with ' likes ' exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour .  ' i ' ve always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant , ' says heidi .
novartis accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting ' cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss .  avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age - related macular degeneration ( amd ) as the current treatment , lucentis .  wet amd is the most common form of blindness in people over 50 .
pete bennett , 33 , from brighton , won a dream 100 , 000 after coming first in the seventh series of big brother in 2006 .  he says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless , spending each night sofa surfing . coming first can certainly make or break big brother contestants ' careers .
chris smalling was named national judo champion for his age group .  the 25 - year - old joined the international judo federation on friday .  smalling presented some members with replica jerseys on united jerseys .
the 46 - year - old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina ' s estate according to a saturday report from nbc affiliate 11alive .
oscar scored in brazil ' s 3 - 1 win over france in paris on saturday .  the 23 - year - old also scored in the recent victory against france .  juventus scouts were at the stade de france to watch oscar in action against didier deschamps ' side .  oscar signed a contract extension up until 2019 with chelsea last year .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught on a pin - hole camera .  they convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled .  but less than two hours later , the pair stole 150 from a cash machine .  west midlands police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair .
pedro obiang has been linked with a move to the premier league this summer .  the 23 - year - old has been capped at youth level by spain .  sampdoria played out a 1 - 1 draw with verona on wednesday night .
pekingese marley and mitzy worgan disappeared from their home in doncaster , south yorkshire .  neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on cctv .  they are offering a 1 , 000 reward for information leading to their safe return .
the supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314 , 000 uk workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes .  industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up tesco stores in the eyes of consumers .
piper and william kulk were travelling with their mother chantelle boddy , 31 , and her elder brother daniel , 12 , when they hit a holden astra .  the car collided with the astra on wyee road near doyalson , new south wales .  the two boys were airlifted to the hospital at westmead and william later succumbed to his injuries .  the national easter long weekend death toll stands at 16 .
james bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film , and would have died from the cold or lack of oxygen .  medical experts watched the 23rd outing for ian fleming ' s hero .
a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego .  delta farmers don ' t deny using as much water as they need .  they say they ' re not stealing it because their history of living at the water ' s edge gives them that right .
identical twins marcus and markieff morris are being investigated for felony aggravated assault in january .  hood , 36 , told police he sent ' inappropriate ' text messages to their mother , thomasine morris , he ' d ' always be there for her ' .  the twins , who play forward for the phoenix suns , are now the focus of an investigation .
neymar scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint - germain at the nou camp .  the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz .  zlatan ibrahimovic was also left with little else to do .
nico rosberg has claimed that lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him .  rosberg came under fire from rosberg for allegedly slowing on purpose .  the briton said he had probably provided additional psychological ammunition .
tidal ' s $ 19 . 99 - a - month app launched in new york on 30 march .  following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart but now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall .  by comparison , pandora radio and spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the ios and google play downloads are combined .  tidal currently has more than 25 million songs and 75 , 000 music videos in its library .
katy cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including whitbread , lancome , iplayer restart and nestle kit kats .  the soap ' s bosses were said to be disgruntled that katy was lending her voice to a rival station and potentially advertising the street ' s biggest competitor , restart .
sabeen mahmud ' s sandals remain in the footwell of the driver ' s seat .  she was shot as they stopped at a traffic light friday night in karachi .  friends and colleagues described her death as a targeted assassination .  activists blame the government for the disappearances , something authorities deny .
the white house was stalling for time on wednesday as talks with iran over its nuclear program threatened to stretch into another day of overtime .  speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries , including the u . s . , participating in the switzerland - based discussions with iran in were on the verge of making a deal .  french foreign minister laurent fabius rushed back to lausanne .
officer said he was appalled by the labour peer  s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner  s alleged sex abuse .  revelation came amid fresh concerns about the establishment cover - up of the labour grandee ' s alleged paedophilia .  director of public prosecutions alison saunders announced earlier this month that he should been charged on each occasion .  she went on to rule that the 86 - year - old peer should not face prosecution because of his dementia .
manny pacquiao ' s promoter bob arum has revealed the contracts have yet to be signed .  tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale .  arum said the draft contract he received was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mgm when the term sheet was signed a few months ago .  mayweather ceo leonard ellerbe said that arum ' isn ' t willing to live with the agreement ' .
a loo version of the iron throne was built by a team of hollywood prop makers .  the super fan builds team used jigsaws , grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect .  it took several days for the loo to be completed .
luis suarez and daniel sturridge scored 52 premier league goals last season .  raheem sterling , jordan henderson and steven gerrard have scored six goals each this season .  liverpool have not filled the void left by suarez , but they are missing a harry kane , 19 goals in his first season in england .
alastair cook has been working on a new stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months .  but in the first test against the west indies , i think he overdid it .  cook ' s front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump .  it means that he has a long way to get to off stump , and he doesn ' t have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself .
two senior advisers provided the first preview of the message clinton planned to convey when she launches her long - anticipated campaign on sunday .  the strategy described by clinton ' s advisers has echoes of obama ' s 2012 re - election campaign .  he framed the choice for voters as between democrats focused on the middle class and republicans wanting to protect the wealthy and return to policies that led to the 2008 economic collapse .  clinton also intends to sell herself as being able to work with congress , businesses and world leaders .
suffolk black lamb jean is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters .
roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank .  the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man  s fingers .  later in the video the fish interacts further with the man by swimming up his arm and circling his fingers .
joe root was in superb touch on his way to 182 not out in the morning session .  the west indies cleared that to finish 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps .  root said the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets .
sam burgess has been selected in england ' s rbs 6 nations squad .  the 26 - year - old has struggled to make an impact in the midfield .  burgess was called into stuart lancaster ' s england squad to step - up his education in the new code .
patrick bamford scored his 15th goal of the season to equalise for middlesbrough .  the on - loan chelsea forward struck his 15th of the campaign .  bamford equalised the club ' s record goal return of the modern era .
ander herrera ' s form at manchester united has not gone unnoticed .  the 25 - year - old has impressed the club ' s scouts throughout his career .  xavi is discussing staying with barcelona until their transfer embargo is lifted next january .  stoke , nottingham forest , sunderland and newcastle are among clubs showing interest in sporting town winger josh ginnelly .
married mother - of - two ran debenhams , jaeger and aquascutum .  she won make - or - break style director role at m & s in september 2012 .  general merchandise sales up 0 . 7 % - first rise after 14 consecutive quarters .  mrs earl is also the woman behind brown suede skirt - out this month .
jameela spent 3 , 000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings .  the 29 - year - old thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus , an auto - immune condition which can cause inflammation and swelling in the joints and other parts of the body .  dentists agree that when fillings are being put in or removed , the mercury can release vapour .
burton albion beat morecambe 2 - 1 in league two on saturday .  jimmy floyd hasselbaink is happy to be promoted , but wants to finish on top .  the dutchman turned his attention to winning a championship medal .  he said : ' we want to be no 1 .  i want the second target and that is winning the league ' .
aliesha peterson , 22 , first started exercising in august 2013 .  the alberta , canada resident has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six - pack .
rob kardashian , 28 , is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years .  he was filmed trying out to be a model having been encouraged to do so by kim .  in 2008 he took to twitter to lambaste the singer accusing her of cheating on him .
carol bennett - chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases .  but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .  with some zealous tugs , he eventually manages to free his head and get back on all fours .
study claims ' taxibots ' could cut number of cars needed to perform same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent . comes amid reports that companies such as google and uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis .  authors said replacing personal cars with self - driving cabs would also free valuable real estate currently used for public parking .
the tragic incident took place in princess anne , maryland , on monday afternoon .  eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning .  police said no foul play was suspected in the deaths .
rory mcilroy managed to persuade some of golf ' s biggest stars to take part in the dubai duty free irish open .  the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top - class field who will compete for a prize fund of 1 . 8million .
mike hand , 39 , became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord .  he is almost ready to leave st helen ' s hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation .  the couple were told they would have to earn ' virtually nothing ' to receive the grant .
facebook has launched a new app called hello .  it pulls in any publicly - shared data from a user ' s facebook profile .  when a user receives a call , hello shows them info about who  s calling , even if they don  t have that number saved .  the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the us .  it is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful .
shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31 - year - old chris copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am .  copeland , a former player for the new york knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on wednesday .  copeland ' s wife katrine saltara , 28 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight .
fiona ' kitty ' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on her ' after a brief moment ' .  her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the girl , police said .  the girl ' s father contacted police around 6pm to report that she had disappeared near the edge of the pier .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  martin skrtel says steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world .  gerrard will sign off his anfield career in the final against arsenal .
hay castle is infested with deathwatch beetles burrowing in to its timber frames .  the beetles live for only a few weeks , but the larvae stage of their life cycle can last for up to 13 years .  the hay castle trust has already received 500 , 000 from the heritage lottery fund and will claim a further 4 . 9m .
lance corporal riki hughes stole 17 , 000 from tidworth town football club .  he claimed to be making rent payments to the club ' s landlord aspire defence .  the 31 - year - old has been jailed for 16 months at salisbury crown court .
francis coquelin has thrived in the centre of arsenal ' s midfield since returning from loan at charlton earlier in the season .  the 23 - year - old is determined to prove himself at arsenal and hold down his place in the starting xi .  the midfielder is happy to focus on the defensive side of the game .
rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game , with the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup .  the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport , alongside its own rich history of ' muscular christianity ' .  dr thomas arnold is credited with transforming rugby school ' s values in an effort to build pupils ' characters .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will be charged for a weigh - in .  thousands of fans watched ricky hatton and mayweather at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas in december 2007 .  the decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety , not profit .  the winner will unify the wbc and wbo world welterweight titles .
ricky dearman said he was branded the leader of a london satanic cult .  ella draper and her partner abraham christie forced her two children to lie .  they were tortured and killed on video by their mother and partner .  scotland yard investigated the ' baseless ' claims but found they had been made .  mr dearman now hopes to win custody of his children , who are eight and nine .
bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league semi - finals .  pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 .  real madrid face juventus in the other semi - final .
british children ' s cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans ' bone broth recipe in his book ' bubba yum yum - the paleo way ' .  she says the method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend .  ' it ' s a lot of work and it  s also very low calorie amount of food , ' she said .
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond - encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen .  when she couldn ' t find it , she suspected her 90 - pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up , but there was no way of checking .  finally , almost half a year later , the mystery was solved when the mother - of - three saw a post on a facebook sales site .
melbourne - based jon czerniecki captured a bizarre clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs on his grandparents ' farm near wangaratta , northeast victoria .  he has contacted the local council and parks victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done .  wildlife specialist tim faulkner said the kangaroo should have been able to escape the dogs and must have been ' suffering immensely ' .
abc has asked big bang theory co - creator bill prady to mastermind the muppets revival .  the new series will feature kermit the frog , miss piggy , fozzie bear and other old favorites .  filming is due to take place next weekend at a disney studio in burbank , california .
national secretary of the transport accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom .  aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours a week .
josh hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february .  the 33 - year - old outfielder still has about $ 83million left on the five - year $ 125million deal he signed with the texas rangers in 2012 .  the angels would effectively be paying $ 68million for hamilton to play in texas .
eden hazard , thibaut courtois , kurt zouma and izzy brown took part in the thai activity with a game of kick - ups at their cobham training base .  it was the second time in a matter of days that brown was on the winning side after the 18 - year - old captained chelsea ' s under 19 side to uefa youth league final glory .
john sims , who had burkitt ' s lymphoma , died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his side .  the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center , after john , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer was terminal .  their journey came to an end when john ' s condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in grand junction , colorado .
corinthian was one of the country ' s largest for - profit educational institutions .  closures include heald college campuses in california , hawaii and new york .  it collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations .  ceo jack massimino blamed regulators for his company ' s failure to sell its schools , which doubled revenue for the company up to $ 1 . 75billion between 2007 and 2011 .
ken doherty trails mark davis 8 - 1 after the first session of their third - round qualifier at ponds forge in sheffield .  the 45 - year - old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third crucible winner to crash out this week .  graeme dott , another former world champion , must come from behind on wednesday to book his place in the main draw .
a video of a large croc swimming through a public marina has been viewed more than 500 , 000 times .  tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight .  he said the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all .  mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop ' s owner .
scots guard shaun smith , 25 , can be seen stamping 18 times on victim ' s head .  fellow soldier jason collins , 22 , rained down blows with his fists on to man ' s body .  judge james hill , qc said he had ' extraordinary ' decision to let the men walk free .  he said : ' i can  t say what the army will do but i simply express the hope , that the army feels able to keep you ' .
the modular robotic vehicle , or mrv , was developed at nasa ' s johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets .  unlike a normal car , the buggy has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion , steering , or brake actuators .  a turn of the steering wheel , for instance , is recorded by sensors and sent to computers at the rear of the vehicle .
james hook has won 77 test caps for wales since the last world cup in 2011 .  the 29 - year - old hasn ' t given up on earning a wales recall ahead of this year ' s world cup .  hook says it will be ' a bonus ' if wales come calling for his services .
details of george osborne ' s leaked plans are unclear .  but it is believed to mean minimum wage earners wouldn ' t be paying any income tax .  minimum wage currently stands at 6 . 50 an hour , rising to 6k in october .  conservatives look set to outflank both labour and lib dems on issue of low pay with a firm commitment in their own manifesto .
jerry tarkanian , five , was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday .  his parents said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke .
veterans of world war two stood proudly side by side after being awarded france ' s highest decoration , the legion d ' honneur .  aged between 90 and 99 , they are among the first of 2 , 800 living veterans who will receive the legion of honneur in the months to come .
the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , allowing people their first access to the information .  la - sonya mitchell - clark , 38 , of youngstown , ohio , found out her birth mother was francine simmons , who works at the same company as her .  she reached out through social media to speak with simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call .
darron gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage .  roberto martinez expects gibson to be ready for pre - season .  everton will look to extend gibson ' s contract this summer .  click here for all the latest everton news .
joshua finboword , 23 , simon radford , 31 , and craig stoner , 24 , appeared in court today in dartmouth , nova scotia , near halifax .  they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a canadian naval base for the next few years .  bail was set at over 2 , 000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at nearby stadacona naval base .
chris ramsey feels they will stay in the premier league if they win three more league games .  qpr manager tim sherwood says his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence .  leicester city manager nigel pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against burnley .
cyril smith took the party whip for four years in parliament and was feted as a lib dem grandee in the years before he died .  nick clegg was accused on a radio phone - in of having ' washed his hands ' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into smith .
kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey .  the staff all live out in washington and commute in .  the west wing is the president  s office quarters ; the east wing belongs to the first lady and her office staff .  it costs $ 13 million a year from government funds , plus a hefty contribution from the first family itself .
virginia trimble ritter ' s daughter , marcia , was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975 .  marcia ' s body was found 33 days after she disappeared and ritter was covered in a rarely used , windowless garage , under a shower curtain and a child ' s wading pool .  jerome sidney barrett , 68 , was found guilty of second - degree murder six years ago and a davidson county criminal court jury imposed a sentence of 44 years .
jessica knight suffers from pica , a medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non - nutritious substances .  doctors are unable to treat her until she is six years old .
tim visser was a key player in edinburgh ' s dramatic win over london irish at the madejski stadium .  edinburgh will have to see off newport gwent dragons if they are to reach the final at twickenham stoop - home of harlequins .  visser signed a two - year deal this month .
jack grealish took to twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages .  the 19 - year - old said : ' thanks for the messages ! ! ! utv ( up the villa ) ' .  aston villa ' s brad guzan also revealed the contents of his message .
stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini should be given more time to turnaround manchester city ' s dwindling fortunes .  the 61 - year - old believes the club should stick with the manager .  pearce blamed ivorian yaya toure ' s influence on the influence of ivorian toure .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
chelsea will play paris saint - germain in a pre - season friendly in july .  the blues were sent crashing out on away goals at the last - 16 stage .  eden hazard will line - up for chelsea when they travel to the usa .
dr sandra lee , who is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , is a regular guest on the doctors talk show .  the clips have earned her nearly 60 , 000 subscribers , as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit .
jason rezaian , 39 , was detained in tehran on july 22 last year .  he is accused of gathering classified information and disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic .  his lawyer leila ahsan said it contained ' no justifiable proof ' against rezaian .  rezaian ' s lawyer branded the offences ' wrong and contrary to reality ' .  the case has parallelled with high - level nuclear talks between iran and global powers , including the u . s .
nicola adams has been forced to withdraw from the english national championships following a burglary at her home in leeds .  the olympic gold medallist had been due to contest the women ' s 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against her great britain rival lisa whiteside .  adams said : ' nothing makes me prouder than boxing on home ground with the support i get from the nation ' .
crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park on monday .  mile jedinak ruled out for crystal palace ' s gane against manchester city .  yaya toure missed manchester city ' s victory over west brom a fortnight ago with an achilles injury .  james milner has also been troubled by a knee injury in recent weeks .
protein world ' s billboard campaign features svelte model asking ' are you beach body ready ? ' .  campaigners launched a scathing attack on the company after the advert began appearing on the london underground three weeks ago .  more than 50 , 000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest .
met office has predicted warmer - than - average temperatures for april , may and june of this year in its long - range forecast . but winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today , and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern england .  today will be largely dry and bright across the south , but it will turn windy with a fresh south - westerly wind .
mohammed morsi sentenced to 20 years for ordering arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 .  but court in cairo acquitted 63 - year - old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty .  fourteen others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced to jail .  morsi ' s muslim brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in a government crackdown that has seen hundreds killed and thousands thrown in jail .
ronda blaylock was just 14 - years - old when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina .  three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride .  the man who gave her a ride that day was never found .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , two weeks ago .  she told him that someone using the name ' johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his seven - year - old daughter .  she realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search google photos and find they had been stolen .
evelin mezei , 12 , was last seen by her mother in east london last night .  police released cctv image and appealed for information about the man .  she was wearing a red jacket and black leggings with white stars on the legs .
deborah steel , 37 , who ran royal standard pub in ely , cambridgeshire , was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 .  police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry , but the 37 - year - old ' s body has never been found .  the search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation .
the attraction , at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre , bolivia , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5 , 055 prints .  frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species .  the wall , which is approximately 390 feet ( 120 metres ) tall , features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs .  it ' s thought the late jurassic dinosaurs were more than 75 ft ( 23 metres ) long and weighed up to 40 tonnes .
danny ings has scored nine goals for burnley in his first season in the premier league .  liverpool were prepared to exploit a premier league loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer .  louis van gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals and secure the services of the 22 - year - old .
a sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claims he told her she had ' nice t * * s ' and asked her to massage him during a consultation .  the woman , who was having suicidal thoughts at the time , also claimed he called her ' a horny little thing ' .  the civil and administrative tribunal reprimanded mr dewar last week and have banned him from re - registering as a psychologist unless he takes part in counselling or further education .
danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from streets .  the 31 - year - old would travel around vladivostok using poisoned sausages .  officials heard the attacks were revenge as he blamed the animals for him contracting tuberculosis .  he had to be sent for psychiatric tests but was found fit to stand .
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner on saturday night .  cole said he was in ' great company ' with ' great team - mates ' .  manchester united lost 1 - 0 to chelsea at old trafford .
netflix comes in at no . 13 and pays an median of $ 143 , 000 a year .  its 2 , 000 employees have a median salary of $ 180 , 000 now .  nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector .
the mgm grand is getting ready to host floyd mayweather ' s showdown with manny pacquiao on saturday night .  the hotel resort on the las vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever .  scott sibella expects 50 , 000 people each day to pass through for friday ' s fight .
gerry adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ' what happens in wars ' .  the sinn fein president said he did not know about the killing .  he said he only reported himself to the police last year after a ' tsunami of stories ' about his alleged involvement .  last month , influential american magazine the new yorker named gerry adams as a former ira commander who personally passed  death sentences  on its enemies .
three - and - a - half - year - old labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat , offal and bones .  owners margaret and patrick evans say he is ' a different dog ' since losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas .
tibetan mastiffs can weigh up to 80kg just a year ago .  they could command prices of up to 1 . 2million each .  the dogs ' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the chinese government ' s wide - reaching anti - corruption crackdown .  it is also thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg has had a huge impact on the breed ' s popularity .
mailonline caught up with the world ' s most extravagant 18 to 26 - year - olds .  self - made millionaire tomer sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades .
chelsea beat stoke 2 - 1 at stamford bridge on saturday .  eden hazard and loic remy scored for jose mourinho ' s side .  willian wants his team - mates to remain focused in their final eight games .
scott shirley , his wife mayo and seven - year - old son phoenix were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world , orlando .  after putting their luggage on the floor of the cabin , the family discovered the vomit and complained to cabin crew .  the family were told by cabin staff that a passenger on an earlier flight had been sick in the seating area .
jose mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before , by cristiano ronaldo at real madrid .  oscar hasn ' t completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid - january .  diego torres ' book , ' the special one - the secret world , ' is out now .
atletico madrid beat atletico madrid 0 - 0 in their champions league quarter - final .  david villa cheered on former club atletico madrid on their instagram account .  the former spain forward has been named club captain .
christopher whitmore , 36 , killed his wife melissa ball , 27 , and son grayden , 6 .  ball was seen pulling into a mcdonald ' s in varnell , georgia last night .  police said ball and wife had a history of domestic issues and were separated .  but at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting .
kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton .  roberto martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the belgium international .  the 27 - year - old scored his first premier league goal since december 28 .
it ' s been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen .  spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother - of - two , malenda meacham .  over the years she has become known as the bongo lady with thousands of followers on social media .
tom brady posted a video of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during the nfl offseason last week .  he wrote : ' jordan ' s crossover no joke ! ' .  the search engine revealed a mirror - image version of its homepage , which can be accessed by typing in com .
gulam chowdhury , 24 , quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal , 22 , 20 times in the east london mini cab office where his victim worked .  nargis riaz was terrified mr afzal would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict imam .  he told ms riaz : ' don ' t worry little angel , it ' s me who ' s a psycho not you ' .
gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at around 9 . 30pm last thursday .  the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant ' s television .  mrs whalen said : ' mommy mode kicked in .  i don ' t think they need to be seeing this ' .
newport gwent dragons beat cardiff blues 25 - 21 in the european challenge cup .  tries from wing hallam amos , nic cudd , tom prydie and dorian jones crossed for the blues .  scrum - half lloyd williams , fly - half gareth anscombe and josh navidi crossed for blues .
animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act .  rspca has the power to bring its own prosecutions rather than rely on the police or cps .  fox hunting was outlawed in 2005 under tony blair ' s government .  just 49 people were charged with hunting offences in 2005 , but this more than doubled to 110 by 2010 .
jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first - degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30 - year - old david messerschmitt .  police had released surveillance video of a ' person of interest ' who was seen entering the donovan hotel on february 9 .  among the items recovered were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit .
newcastle have lost their last six premier league games in a row .  daryl janmaat has compared newcastle to the world cup semi - final .  the magpies host garry monk ' s side at st james ' park on saturday .
jordan henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league .  the 24 - year - old scored a penalty in liverpool ' s 4 - 1 thrashing of arsenal .  but henderson is not ready to give up on the top - four race .  liverpool face blackburn in an fa cup quarter - final replay on wednesday .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
leonardo jardim believes juventus are a better team than arsenal .  monaco coach claimed arsene wenger was ' disrespectul ' in the first leg .  arsenal have won their last eight games in the premier league .
oldham council moved group from their old allotments to make way for car park and football pitches .  but gardeners have complained about their new site , saying it has bad drainage and poor soil .  they are demanding that oldham council pays out compensation for the problems they ' ve experienced .
boris johnson warns against allowing nicola sturgeon ' s snp to dominate government of the uk ' an entity that they are sworn to destroy ' .  he likened it to ' asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery ' .  snp has claimed it will be ' entitled to vote against any bit of legislation ' .
environmentalist group sea shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship .  the poaching vessel thunder was trailed for more than 100 days before it started to submerged on monday .  the captain of the thunder radioed us and said their ship was sinking .  this was the longest pursuit of a poacher in maritime history .
miss wendy ' s mouth moved perfectly in time with the music but it is believed the dog had a fake jaw .  ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog , while itv received a further 35 .  rspca said it would be contacting britain ' s got talent ' to ascertain what methods were used ' .
andrew strauss says kevin pietersen affair is a ' distraction ' for english cricket .  pietersen begins his county comeback with surrey against oxford university on sunday .  strauss says he can see no way back for the man he fell out with so badly over the messages pietersen sent to south african opponents apparently criticising him as captain three years ago .
martin tyler has been a ' chief witness ' of football for 40 years .  robbie fowler and faustino asprilla scored for liverpool .  newcastle ' s stan collymore scored the first goal of the season .
samantha fleming , 23 , went missing from her home in anderson , indiana , on april 5 .  police believe the woman went to fleming ' s home posing as a child protective services employee and convinced her to come with her to gary .  fleming recently gave birth to a daughter , serenity , and lives with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her baby .
photographer seth casteel ' s new book , underwater babies , will be released on april 7 .  he photographed around 750 babies in schools across the states to create underwater babies .  kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals during real madrid ' s 9 - 1 win against granada .  it was the first time in his career that ronaldo has scored five in a single match .  ronaldo is only the third player to reach the 300 - goal mark for madrid .
jordan henderson and jack wilshere are the surprise names on manchester city  s summer shopping list . city also maintain an interest in liverpool  s unsettled england forward raheem sterling , with 36 - year - old frank lampard set to leave .  manchester city have spent 80million on samir nasri , bacary sagna , emmanuel adebayor , kolo toure and gael clichy .
fish and chips has become a british institution , as well as a national money - spinner , but it is actually believed to be partly portuguese and partly belgian .  just as tea originates in india or china , chips and chips is partly portuguese .  they ' re a classic combination of battered fish and chipped potatoes deep - fried in beef fat or vegetable oil is as english as the cup of tea that washes it down .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby all in starts for arsenal under 21s .  serge gnabry is also in the starting line - up for the club ' s game against stoke city at the emirates stadium .  steve gatting ' s side take on stoke city in a u21 premier league clash .
luke shaw has started seeing a psychologist as he comes to terms with his 28million move from southampton to manchester united .  the 19 - year - old has played 19 times in all competitions for united this campaign .  shaw admits he had a minor back injury when he was substituted at half - time against arsenal in the fa cup quarter - final defeat at old trafford last month .
police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party in botany , sydney ' s east . one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him .  a 26 - year - old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer .  police are investigating whether the party was advertised on social media .
two four - year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed .  the bva said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle .  animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said it was ' regrettable ' .
aitor karanka ' s team are top of the championship this season .  the division has witnessed the leadership change hands 15 times .  previous leaders bournemouth and norwich could only draw at ipswich .  watford ' s odion ighalo intends to have a say in what happens next .
cosmin moti ' s kung - fu style tackle on stefan nikolic went unpunished .  ludogorets beat steaua bucharest 4 - 0 in their champions league play - off .  moti saved two penalties after their goalkeeper had been sent off .
paris saint - germain were thrashed 5 - 1 on aggregate by barcelona .  zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti returned to the ligue one side .  blaise matuidi says psg are still not ready to win the champions league .
the 31 - year - old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester .  he was caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell .  but in a desperate attempt to get himself moved cregan , 31 , has apparently stopped eating .  he is hoping to be transferred from category a prison to ashworth hospital , a high - security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside .
lauren crawley , 54 , from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant in july 2012 .  she was warned that facial palsy could be a side - effect .  but it was still a shock seeing my face in the mirror - the left side was droopy .  platinum is better because it doesn ' t irritate the eye ' s inside lining .
marvin " papi gallo " jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones ' black and red shorts .  referee frankie santore jr . went over to pick up the samsung galaxy and looked like he was chastising jones .  jones , 32 , held his hands up as the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring .
eden hazard is set to make his 100th premier league appearance for chelsea at qpr on sunday .  hazard has scored 17 goals in the premier league for chelsea this season .  the former lille winger has been imperious for chelsea since his 32million move from lille in 2012 .
eight - month - old silver was banned from getting close to the prime minister .  owner sarah styler was taking silver for his morning walk when she spotted tv crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house in cheltenham .  aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross - breed be kept well away from the conservative party leader .  mr cameron had spoken to voters after a speech in cheltenham to outline tory plans for inheritance tax .
bilal khaled is accused of buying the mural on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value .  the now homeless family says they were ' tricked ' into parting with the valuable collector ' s item by the world famous street artist . it is now being held at khan yunis public library .
when prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced .  news of the royal delivery will also be posted on the traditional easel .  clarence house also tweeted the news , and the british monarchy ' s facebook page was also updated .
french artist vincent lamouroux has painted a derelict motel in la ' s trendy silver lake neighborhood .  he used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so - called bates motel , including its passing resemblance to the motel in the alfred hitchcock masterpiece ' psycho ' .
yervand garginian , a 60 - year - old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed the video at his nephew albert ' s house .  in the video , he dismisses the australian - style barbecue of cooking ' oily ' sausages .  his daughter elizabeth , 24 , posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times .
the fa are understood to have secured a three - year contract with emirates airlines .  the deal is believed to be worth at least 10million a year but comes at a cost for lovers of the 144 - year - old competition .  aston villa will face the holders arsenal in this season ' s final at wembley .
cecil hamilton - miller , from kensington , london , was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 .  he was part of the team that prosecuted dozens of men and women responsible for running the notorious bergen - belsen concentration camp .  his cousin william miller , 63 , said : ' cecil couldn ' t talk about his belsen experience in later life without tears streaming down his face ' .
jack grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi - final win over liverpool .  the 19 - year - old is wanted by the republic of ireland and england .  tim sherwood has been impressed with the villa star .
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22 - room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings .  it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period was during the 1920s after it was bought by hugh ' bendor ' grosvenor , the duke of westminster .  it is on the market for 3million but also requires millions more to be spent on a full restoration .
oxford women beat cambridge by six and a half lengths against cambridge .  the women ' s race was staged on the famous tideway course on the same day as the men .  oxford president anastasia chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew , but also for sporting equality sporting equality .  the 32 - year - old us olympics team star boasts silver at paris and gold medals at beijing and london in the women  s eight .
officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray shetland foal .  the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth , with traffic backed up as a result .  polices were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner .
manhattan - based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ' glowing ' .  clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ' for identification purposes ' .
reality star linsey ' jade ' berardi has died aged 22 .  linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago .  no details or cause of death have been released .
evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona , about 35 miles southeast of los angeles .  by midday , fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire , which had grown to 1 . 5 square miles .  the fire burned in the prado dam flood control basin , where vegetation has not burned in decades .
apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone .  the phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition , which is reportedly used in competition bicycles .  the metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter .
arsene wenger is march ' s winner of the premier league manager of the month award - his 14th accolade .  sir alex ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all , including this one for february 2000 .  wenger also won 27 prizes at old trafford , including 27 prizes .  the last of ferguson ' s 27 awards came in october 2012 , not long before he announced his retirement .
fashion designer georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or disrupt her business .  weinstein , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22 - year - old model during a march 27 business meeting .
floyd mayweather has shared a video flaunting his ' haters ' on his instagram account .  the 38 - year - old boxer is expected to earn around 120million for his bout with manny pacquiao next month .  the video was shot by director james ' jp ' dayap , a proud member of the money team brand owned by mayweather .
janet muller ' s body was found in the boot of a burning car on march 13 .  the 21 - year - old ' s family described her as an ' inspirational , passionate and caring person ' .  police have now released video stills and footage of her death .
zinedine zidane says eden hazard excites him more than cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi .  hazard could be named pfa player of the year this weekend .
hippopotamus could be seen standing its ground against two hungry lions in zimbabwe ' s hwange national park .  at first , as the lions approach the large mammal , the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water .  as lions continue to prowl , the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two young lions .
jamie pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service .  he robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones .  he sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family .  the 26 - year - old was found guilty of shooting two police constables in melbourne ' s infamous 1988 walsh street murders .
ken broskey , 69 , of livonia , michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer , and has taken a job as an uber driver .  this so he can earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house .  roland gainer , a college student , started a gofundme page for broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its $ 95 , 000 goal .
the 41 - year - old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year .  she began coughing up blood , wheezing and became short of breath .  doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end known as an endoscope .  they found large amounts of mucus around the earring .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , turned themselves in .  the three children were found in their las vegas home on april 1 .  a teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge .
jeremy clarkson will appear on have i got news for you on april 25 .  he was dropped from top gear after a ' fracas ' with producer oisin tymon .  it is believed he was booked to appear on the show before he was sacked .  the show will also mark the first time clarkson has appeared on the bbc .
faysal mohamed and his two friends were pulled over by the officers in south minneapolis on march 18 .  they were held for 45 minutes while they were searched and a background check completed on them .  the officer said , ' i ' m just giving you a heads up .  i don ' t screw around ' .
' i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said kindergarten teacher cheryl meyer , ' if you want to become president of the united states ' .  christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled .  ' there are always going to be differences of opinion in style , ' he said before explaining , to applause , that he doesn ' t believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question or comment might be .
tim sherwood has branded aston villa ' s stars ' icing on the cake players ' .  qpr host qpr in the premier league on tuesday night .  eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury .
avoca beach in the central coast , about 95kms north of sydney , has transformed into something from a horror film .  sylvia freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water ' s edge .  she and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out on tuesday .  ' the foam just felt like you were in a snow globe , ' ms freedman said .
officer jared forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 .  he was wearing a bulletproof vest , but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest , police said .  forsyth was rushed to ocala regional medical center in critical condition and died several hours later .
chelsea have made an offer for yoshinori muto according to fc tokyo president naoki ogane .  the 22 - year - old is keen to join a club where he will ' play and develop ' .  chelsea would look to loan muto to partner club vitesse arnhem next season .
joe root ' s unbeaten 118 came with england posting a 74 - run lead .  the score of 373 for six was also down to some impressive batting from england ' s top order .  captain alastair cook got 76 in a century stand with jonathan trott ( 59 ) before gary ballance ' s 77 boosted his 165 - run partnership with root .
best - selling author sarah wilson complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa .  wilson  s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and paleo diet blogger pete evans .  the public health association of australia found that ' a baby may die ' if they consumed one of its particular recipes .
hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition .  she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa , which , if successful , will set her on the path to citizenship .  ms carney said she has been dreaming of a life in britain since reading books about it as a child .
chris ramsey believes sunday ' s west london derby is more crucial to qpr than it is to title - chasing chelsea .  qpr could start just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures .  clint hill believes qpr can get a result if they show the same desire as they did four years ago .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb .  the mother - of - two has now shrunk down to a slinky 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .  before she slimmed down kim ' s wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure - hiding garments like chicken kiev , deep - fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers .
yannick bolasie scored a hat - trick in crystal palace ' s demolition of sunderland last week .  alan pardew says bidding will have to start at 20m for his star to leave .  palace boss believes any players that do go will not be sold cheaply .
brendan rodgers has urged liverpool to turn wembley back into ' anfield south ' .  the northern irishman is looking to lead liverpool to an eighth fa cup victory and his first piece of silverware since replacing kenny dalglish as manager in 2012 .  rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality for future seasons .
rory mcilroy will play in the traditional par - three tournament for the first time in over a decade .  englishman ian poulter was so excited to get started at augusta that he forgot his clubs .  henrik stenson of sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a nasty bout of flu .  gene sarazen played the most impressive shot in the tournaments history with an albatross on the 15th hole .
mark lawson , 44 , was in the diamond tap public house in newbury for his christmas party when he agreed that his co - worker simon myers could take some chips from his plate .  when mr myers started eating an onion ring , lawson was angered , shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh .  the knife tore into mr myers ' s leg , causing a bloody wound nearly two inches deep , in front of the pub full of horrified onlookers .
ruanne dellal says her husband jack was worth at least 400m when he died .  she is suing six of her husband ' s children , including gabrielle and jasmine .  mrs dellal , 61 , says she is owed up to 385million more after the death .  she claims six of his children are the supposed beneficiaries of his alleged secret handouts .
thomas bjorn ' s shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan .  american russell henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second masters .  erik compton was in dreamland as he shot 71 on his debut .
kim copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local sainsbury ' s store .  she threw the used cigarette on the ground before two council officers came ' sprinting ' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence .  miss copeland was issued with a 50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in october last year , but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated .
rep steve knight , 48 , was hosting an open house event at his simi valley , california , office last friday .  he was accosted by a group of activists rallying against amnesty for undocumented immigrants .  a man named ' mike ' accused knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake .  knight was one of 75 house republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the department of homeland security after it had been stripped off provisions .
chris appleton has been working as rita ora ' s hairstylist for two years .  he confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ' maintenance ' .  rita ' s blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks , a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently .  ' i ' m so strict with rita , i want to make sure that her hair always looks great , ' he said .
clint gee had planned to reunite his mother , elizabeth hobbs , with his father , alex gee , who died in 1964 .  the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother ' s ashes .  mr gee said the hole had not been dug ahead of time .  western downs regional council mayor ray brown apologised to mr gee .
bones of ' altamura man ' were found entombed in a cave in altalun , italy .  they belong to a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole 128 , 000 to 187 , 000 years ago .  he is thought to have starved to death and was probably badly injured .  analysis of the bones suggested they belonged to an adult male .  but researchers now hope to further analyse the genetic information from the skeleton .
neymar shows off his footballing brain never stops as he practiced with a friend .  barcelona travel to sevilla in their latest la liga clash on saturday .  barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of the la liga table .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf .  louis van gaal blamed himself for finishing the game with 10 men .  sergio aguero reached the 100 - goal mark faster than any player in manchester city ' s history .
andrew caldwell , 21 , hit headlines in november for video of him screaming ' i don ' t like mens no more - i like women , women ! ' .  he says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar , delmar on wednesday after the footage surfaced of him being ' delivered ' by god .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo .  dr teo is the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see jackson paralysed .  jackson ' s family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80 , 000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by tuesday night .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim .  she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into huminski ' s car .  chloe ' s mother , named only as isabelle ,  heard her daughter  s screams  as she was being taken away from outside her school in calais - but was unable to do anything .  dna evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ' strangulation and sexual violence ' .
dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves .  the women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove . comments featured in the women ' s dialogue were harsh , cutting and bordering on bullying .
carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval as juventus beat empoli 2 - 0 .  roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time .  roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1 - 0 win over napoli .
dana marie mckinnon , 24 , has been charged with dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide .  she was driving east along lake pickett road at dawn on may 18 , 2013 when she lost control of her 2008 mitsubishi eclipse .  the victim was pronounced dead at the scene , despite good samaritans ' desperate efforts to save him .
espn ' s first take anchor stephen a . smith is under fire for claiming that floyd mayweather jr ' s career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history .  he told fellow anchor cari champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and ' should feel that way ' .  smith received a one - week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence .
west brom chairman jeremy peace wants to sell the club for between 150million and 200million for the club .  groups from america , australia and the far east are believed to be interested .  manager tony pulis has been assured that the deal will be done by july , so as not to affect pre - season .
the sigma alpha epsilon ( sae ) fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years .  the party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t - shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ' thug ' tattoos .  photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ' merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night ' .
the sainsbury ' s app is in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year .  as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices .  these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale , or becomes part of a multi - buy deal for example .
the 260 , 000 gt was unveiled in milan ' s piazza de fidele on tuesday .  the company ' s design team have created a stunning light sculpture .  it will run alongside the lamborghini aventador , which will be unrolled across europe next year .
ashley pegram , a 28 - year - old mother - of - three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on april 3 .  her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account where she found messages from a man who identified himself as emoney bon .  but when she spoke with him ,
porto defeated bayern munich 3 - 1 in their champions league first leg first leg at estadio do dragao .  jackson martinez ' s side have now qualified for the semi - finals of the competition after beating bayern .
sydney recorded the lowest loss - making resales at just 2 . 4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3 . 5 percent in a year .  the average profit made on each of the successful properties was $ 251 , 696 with the average loss on the unsuccessful homes being $ 65 , 435 .  perth and melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of 5 .  and 5 . 6 percent respectively .
dino maglio has been found guilty of raping a 16 - year - old australian .  prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking .  maglio claimed sex with the girl , who was under - age at the time , was consensual but admitted he was ' stupid ' to spike her drink .
kenny bayless will be the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 .  bayless is widely considered the leading referee in the world .  he will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight of the century in the mgm grand garden arena .
harry kane lined up against etienne capoue , nabil bentaleb , eric dier , roberto soldado , danny rose and the apparent king of the crossbar , christian eriksen .  spurs are now preparing to face aston villa on saturday .
edward moore was working at king edward ' s school in witley , surrey .  he had consensual sex with the 16 - year - old student in his office .  after the incident , moore said : ' oh my god , you have to forgive me , you will hate me one day ' .  moore was jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years .
the two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years .  the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters .  to the left of these craters , is oceanus procellarum , which is latin for ' ocean of storms ' .  nasa ' s ultimate goal at the moment is to land humans on mars by the 2030s .
claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years .  they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b & b . they once bought a cast - iron bath on ebay only to discover it was still installed .
amber anderson , 27 , has been relieved of her duties at christian life academy in baton rouge , louisiana .  she was arrested on suspicion of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile .  the alleged relationship took place during july and august of 2013 .
manchester united beat chelsea 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on saturday .  eden hazard scored the only goal of the game .  juan mata returned to stamford bridge for the first time since he left .
farryn johnson has said the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights .  johnson claimed in an interview with wbal , ' i decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular .  and when i came in to work , management was not happy about the highlights being added to my hair ' .  an arbitrator determined johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination .  johnson has been awarded $ 250 , 000 for both her legal fees and lost wages .
a 71 - year - old man and woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg , queensland .  the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr on tuesday .  rspca spokesman michael beatty says it ' s understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry .
nicholas salvador is accused of killing palmira silva , 82 , in her garden .  the widow ran a successful cafe , silva ' s cafe , in church street , edmonton .  members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder on september 4 last year .  salvador , nicknamed ' fat nick ' , spoke only to issue his plea at london ' s old bailey .  he also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge , giving the same reason .
liverpool lost 4 - 1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday .  brendan rodgers ' 15 - minute press conference was a requiem for lost opportunities at the club .  the gunners are unlikely to reach the top four after losing to arsenal .
remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in north - western peru .  the mummy , thought to date back to 1100 ad , was found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig .  it is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as chan chan chan which was the capital of the chimu empire .
the typhoon is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines .  it is 49ft ( 15 metres ) long and 9 . 8ft ( 3 metres ) thick and is ' no more than the thickness of a match stick ' .  this helps its  fly by wire  computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile .  this means the jet will be in ' near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing ' .
sarah sparkman , a lawyer from arkansas , tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized on screen .  a month earlier she used similar language to berate an arkansas attorney and women ' s rights campaigner on twitter .  mchenry has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother - of - three gina michelle : ' i ' m tired of seeing all sexualized photos of kacie mcdonnell in my newsfeed ' .
the jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23 , 1990 .  investigators believe her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks .  the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open .
greenpeace survey found more people in britain back fracking than opposed . 42 % said they supported shale gas extraction , while 35 % disagreed with it .  similar poll by yougov in january put approval for extracting shale gas at 35 % .  by contrast only 29 per cent of women backed fracking .
new generation of wipes promises to remove eyeliner and mascara .  retexturise and brighten skin infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids .  fruit acid strips off dead cells and works to make skin brighter and smoother .
a female wolf spider scuttles across a kitchen floor in hallett cove , south australia .  a man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor .  he then squashed the hairy beast with a broom , only to see hundreds of baby spiders came out .  the broom was used for what it was made for - sweeping up what was left on the floor .  after mating , the female wolf produces a silk mat into which she deposits around 100 eggs .
leicester beat swansea 2 - 0 at the king power stadium on saturday .  leonardo ulloa scored his first premier league goal in 647 minutes .  esteban cambiasso will surely be named leicester ' s player of the season .
andrew odell tweeted a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his loaf of bread .  he said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket .  twitter users began responding to the original tweet , leading mr odell to expand on the discovery by tweeting : ' fortunately the mouse is fine , the same cannot be said for my heavily pregnant wife ' .
the recorded cell phone conversation shows john hargrove using the n - word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend .  in the five - minute video , he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head .  seaworld spokesman fred jacobs said the company was given the video by an ' internal whistle - blower ' last weekend .
mongolian khan with new zealand jockey opie bosson took first place on the weekend ' s $ 2 million australian derby .  trackside tv presenter ' s agent adian rodley didn ' t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations .  when khan and bosson finish victorious , rodley cannot contain himself , erupting into fist - pumping celebrations and bolting off camera .
national union of teachers suggested government strategies to tackle extremism and terrorism in schools .  teachers said they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of new - counter terrorism rules .  nut general secretary christine blower said there is a need for a ' safe space ' for discussion .
lianne hindle suffered a cardiac arrest at north manchester general hospital .  the 37 - year - old ' s death came just months after three babies and one mother died .  chris barnes , 40 , is calling for action to prevent further tragedies .  ms hindle ' s partner chris barnes and his sister karen have called for action .
the gilmore gasoline filling station was a backdrop for the shenanigans of steve martin and eddie murphy .  it was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists .  starbucks worked with a historical consultant to ensure the character of the building was preserved during the renovation .
the countess of wessex and princess beatrice joined the queen at windsor .  sophie , 50 , wore a beret - style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes .  beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson , made up the four royal ladies .  duke and duchess of cambridge are awaiting their arrival of a brother or sister for prince george later this month .
california gov .  jerry brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on wednesday .  brown said wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels .  california has been in a drought for four years .
bath , saracens , bath and wasps all in the last eight of the new champions cup .  the aviva premiership quartet are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year .  clermont are on a 22 - match unbeaten run in the premiership .  northampton face an arduous task in trying to storm the stade marcel michelin fortress .
the horseshoe - shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87 . 5ft from a cliff edge , allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air .  with jaw - dropping panoramic views from its observation deck , it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world .  located in the longgang national geological park in south - west china , the bridge has been named yuanduan .
daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex .  the pair had been driving together when daniel had erected a series of signs along the road .  they read : ' alex .  will .  you .  marry .  lol jk .  go to .  prom .  with me ' .
paul sturrock spent four days as an advisor to conference side torquay .  yeovil ' s 1 - 1 draw with notts county condemned them to relegation .  garry thompson ' s equaliser condemned the glovers to back - to - back relegations .
the just group , who own just jeans , portmans , peter alexander , jacqui e , and jay jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur .  peta australia has been petitioning other retailers to stop selling angora wool after revealing the treatment of rabbits at chinese angora farms .
moises henriques has signed a deal to play in the natwest t20 blast . henriques will join surrey immediately after the indian premier league season concludes .  the twenty - eight - year - old is not selected for the forthcoming ashes .
real madrid beat atletico 1 - 0 at the bernabeu on wednesday night .  cristiano ronaldo ' s shot hit a supporter in the front row .  ronaldo was ordered to continue preparing for wednesday ' s champions league quarter - final against carlo ancelotti ' s group .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
anjelica ' aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 .  she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia and home .  remains found outside a residence in franklin on thursday morning .  fbi is now involved in the investigation , police said . comes after police focused search on pond near carrsville last week .
the optimal case was designed by israel - based amited .  sensors in the case monitor the phone ' s temperature and cool it down .  if it gets too hot , 15 will cool the device using two built - in micro - fans .  anti - freeze protection mode can be disabled and users can manually manually manually set their own temperatures zones .
manny pacquiao is selling t - shirts with the philippines flag in the background .  the money team t - shirt is on sale in las vegas .  mayweather has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across .  click here for all the latest boxing news .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry , 28 , has been suspended for a week .  footage shows her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother - of - three at a towing firm in virginia on april 6 .  when she picked it up , she resorted to insulting the employee ' s looks , intelligence , and social status .  despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28 - year - old to her role with a spot on sportscenter .
the new york post ' s page six alleged that the marriage breakup was the result of flay having an affair with his assistant elyse tirrel , who ' s 28 .  but the celebrity chef ' s business partner laurence kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims , saying that if flay , 50 , had been having an ongoing affair with an employee , he would know about it .
michael van gerwen beat countryman van barneveld 7 - 2 last week .  the 25 - year - old beat the countryman to stay undefeated in premier league darts ' ninth leg in manchester on thursday .  the pair posed with compatriots daley blind and robin van persie at old trafford on wednesday .
traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ) claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world .  such wisdom is widespread in guangzhou , where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages .
chinese scientists have reported a 23 % reduction in myopia  short - sightedness  in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine .  scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness , but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities .  leading eye surgeon david allamby said an increase in eyesight problems is likely in britain if children do not regain a love of the great outdoors .
frequency with which britons are having sex has been in decline since emergence of the internet . comes after professor david spiegelhalter revealed how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month .
two french tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter .  the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame .  the men have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in court on april 17 .
indiana lawmakers unveiled an amendment clarifying that no one will ' be able to discriminate against anyone at any time ' .  the arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state ' s republican governor asa hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute .  the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals , however , and incited massive protests .
neil moore , 28 , was on remand at wandsworth prison in south - west london .  he emailed wardens posing as court clerk at ' southwalk crown court ' .  it allowed the fraudster to walk out of prison on march 10 last year .  escape motivated by moore ' s fear he would be harmed by fellow inmates .
holly nicole solomon , now 31 , admitted to running over her husband daniel .  she originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident , but now will serve three and a half years in prison .  bystanders in the parking lot said solomon had been slamming the door of her jeep repeatedly while yelling at her husband .  she is said to have chased him down with the suv , driving in circles as he tried to hide behind a light pole .
graham palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements over the tanny .  the poems were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since last year .  he customises the self - penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , had been a life - long follower of the mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce last year .  she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their home in evans , georgia on wednesday .  when she returned , she awoke to find her daughter ' s 16 - year - old boyfriend raping her and immediately threw him off .
robert tomanovich , who owns robert ' s discount tree service in livonia , michigan , first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ain ' t coming down , ' on a fence at his home .  when neighbours complained , a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree - cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street .
madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen .  medics at botosani county hospital prepared to operate to deliver the child .  but she was actually carrying a 11lbs ( 5kg ) tumour inside her uterus .  dr dorin scladan , 47 , said : ' we didn ' t have any reason to doubt what she told us ' .
george ford ' s solo - try was the only score in the first - half .  bath fly half rob kearney scored the only try of the game .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract worth 100 , 000 - a - week .  arsenal have a genuine interest in the liverpool wonderkid .  manchester city are always in the market for the best british talent .  pep guardiola is believed to be keen on the 20 - year - old .
ayaan hirsi ali , 45 , emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands .  she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist . ' i cannot imagine what it is like to be a black man living in saudi arabia , even where the majority of people are black , like africa , ' she said .
piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form .
mario draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him .  the woman - who identified herself as josephine witt - yelled ' end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi .
charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy / daughter relationship .  he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer .  kane has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250 , 000 fine if convicted .
tesco ' s clothing brand f & f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market .  the dress , which is exclusively available on tesco  s website , is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten .  it comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes .
lawrence dallaglio views the poor performance of english clubs as a ' crisis ' for french rugby .  saracens are the nation ' s solitary representative in the semi - finals after bath , northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup over the weekend .  the divide will only grow as more of the southern hemisphere ' s finest talent head for the top 14 , as typified by will genia ' s decision to snub bath for stade francais and dan carter .
fa chairman greg dyke must find 30million to fund his masterplan .  england c team has operated under different names since 1979 .  paul fairclough selects from players outside the football league .  george boyd , craig mackail - smith and steve guppy all capped at non - league level .
hound dog ii and lisa marie can be moved from his estate to a site nearby .  graceland  s managing company , elvis presley enterprises ( epe ) , agreed that the planes  owner could have a cut of graceland ticket sales .  it means tourists to graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two planes .
series of gruesome photographs show man being led out of a van .  his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama , syria , for being an ' alleged blasphemer ' .  the man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is executed .  it follows a video released by isis which warns ' america will burn ' .
philadelphia - based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well - known artists with their furry friends .  featuring the likes of henri matisse , salvador dali , georgia o ' keefe and many others , the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists .  the images see the artists in rarely - seen settings , with many of them reclining in their homes , or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets .
bill dudley is still ' lovin ' it ' s not every day that you turn 90 .  he joined the team nine years ago after growing ' bored ' pottering around the house .  bill ' s special day on wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .
dumbarton boss ian murray believes that rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run - in .  rangers beat cowdenbeath 4 - 0 at easter road then 2 - 0 last saturday .  rangers still have two matches to play against title winners hearts , including sunday ' s match at ibrox .
sir bradley wiggins took part in the paris - roubaix race for team sky . competitors approached a crossing over a train track to signal a train was passing through .  seconds later a tgv rushes along the train tracks in spite of the police warning .  cyclists could yet be disqualified from the race , as they are expressly banned from crossing a level crossing when the barriers are down .  the one - day road race was won by german cyclist john degenkolb .
sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar .  he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting her flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria .  controversially , he has turned for advice to cage , the hardline human rights group whose leaders have said is executioner jihadi john is a ' beautiful young man ' .
manchester united host aston villa at old trafford on saturday ( 3pm ) robin van persie is out of the match with an ankle injury .  luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem .  ron vlaar could return for aston villa after finally shaking off a calf injury .  jonny evans sits out the fourth match of his six - game ban for spitting at newcastle striker papiss cisse .
the chicago cubs lost to the st . louis cardinals 3 - 0 in their opening game on sunday night .  the bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to the bathroom .  some fans were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line .  fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine .  the modernization of wrigley field reduced the stadium to a potential public health disaster .
the arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways , showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop - off to deliver mail .  by 1929 , the arrows could be seen for a distance of up to 10 miles so pilots could find their way .  the arrows define a moment in history at the beginning of the 21st century when the us postal service began delivering air mail .
the two members of the navy ' s elite sea , air , land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member .  the names of the seals were withheld pending notification of next of kin .  the sailors were taken to a civilian hospital , where one was pronounced dead .
aston villa beat aston villa 2 - 1 at wembley on saturday .  christian benteke , fabian delph and jack grealish scored for the hosts .  tim sherwood said his team ' bamboozled ' liverpool .
jeanetta riley , 35 , a mother - of - three , was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint .  while parked outside of the emergency room of bonner general hospital , she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three - and - a - half - inch blade .  she was taken to hospital by her husband , shane , after he heard her fiddling with blades and talked about killing herself and stabbing people .
countdown co - presenter rachel riley was trying to stifle his laughter on recent episode .  nick hewer and anne lewin offered up the same eight - letter double entendre .  celebrity guest dr phil hammond saved the day with nine letter words ' recondite ' .  last year hairy biker dave myers offered up seven - letter word ' todgers ' .
referee german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield after daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area .  the decision was overturned after linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman ' s monitor .  velez captain fabian cubero said : ' you can ' t change it .  what are the rules ? ' .
hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , were abused by a middle - aged woman on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon .  stacey eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ' isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .  the family regularly attend the holland park mosque and are raising a newborn baby son , mohammad , in the country which they are grateful to call home .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second - degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris .  he shot harris , 44 , after the man was confronted during an undercover gun - sale operation on april 2 .  since the incident there have been allegations bates was not properly trained and told them he could do whatever he wanted .
former fbi director louis freeh , 64 , was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in barnard , vermont .  current fbi director james comey and vermont senator patrick leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week .  they say freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it wasn ' t for the quick response from paramedics and an fbi agent on the scene .
builders in turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of cappadocia .  the area is famous for its stunning rock formations , deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts .  it lies beneath the nevsehir fortress and the surrounding area , leading to vast , winding tunnels .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest ever fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  this is the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history .  the scale of expectation and outside influences will rely upon what happens coming night in the political , social and cultural undertones .  muhammad ali had been banned from boxing for three - and - a - half years for refusing induction into the us military to fight in vietnam .
scientists in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna - like fragments may have come with ' instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago .  rna , which stands for ribonucleic acid , is a molecule made up of one or more nucleotides .  it is one of three major biological molecules that are essential for all known forms of life , along with dna and proteins .
jerry o ' connell ' flirted with and felt up ' rebecca romijn at the maxim magazine hot 100 party in las vegas in june 2004 .
rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player .  farrend rawson played 90 minutes in the millers ' 1 - 0 win over brighton .  boss steve evans claimed after the game that rawson ' s youth loan had been extended until the end of the season .
the video , filmed in moon park , odessa , has gone viral on social media .  it sees film - makers hide in the bushes while the ' vampire girl ' preys on unsuspecting passers - by .  in other scenes she spotted singing a fake carcass or chasing her ' victims ' through the park holding a blood stained teddy bear .
brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england at the age of 16 .  the reds manager believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle the likes of raheem sterling and jordon ibe .  rodgers was on the books at reading where he was captain of the youth team .
rick yoes , 57 , spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $ 1 , 700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations .  yoes claims the city of grand prairie didn ' t do enough to warn him about the citations , which he said were sent out in the mail .  the city says they tried several times to reach yoes over the years , but the man refused to keep his lawn up to standard .
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish found floating in water near huizhou city .  farmer mr zhang claims ammonia which polluted the lake came from nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser .  others were sent to spread 2 . 5 tons of edible salt to try and address the chemical imbalance and try to save the few remaining fish .
wardens at windsor castle have voted for industrial action in a dispute over pay .  union chiefs claim workers earn as little as 14 , 700 despite working ' country ' s richest family ' .  they claim they receive poor salaries and perform extra duties for free .  but the public and commercial services union said staff are also asked to perform extra free tours for free , such as leading paid - for tours , carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages .
cctv footage was taken in yangzhou city , jiangsu province , on march 19 .  traffic authorities said they were shocked when spotting this scene on cctv .  the driver has not been tracked down as the police were not able to see clearly the plate number of his tricycle from the footage .
the queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side .  capel path , ridden by ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute , finished third to richard hannon ' s desert force .  the queen ' s horse was closing hard on winner harvard man at the line and was only touched off by short head .
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington ' s elite when she hosted the white house correspondents ' dinner .  one of strong ' s best jokes poked fun at the president and police brutality , when she said obama ' s graying hair ' is so white now it can talk back to the police ' .
the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who ' d had a child became pregnant again within 18 months .  the study is based on 2011 birth certificates from 36 states and the district of columbia , representing about 83 percent of the nation ' s births that year .
tiffany sical , 21 , and bryan rodriguez - solis , 23 , were driving home from fast and furious 7 in providence , rhode island , on sunday .  joel norman , 24 , reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head - on with their car , it is alleged .  norman , of massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving to endanger - death .
oil painting was kept in an attic for years and thought to be worth just 300 .  auctioneer richard bromell gave it an estimated value of about 300 to 400 .  but the selling price suggests it may actually have been done by the artist . it was inherited by his son , who has not been named , in the 1970s .
lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times with the hammer .  the two families had been ' neighbours at war ' since 2007 .  the colemans moved in next door to the coleman family ' s home in chingford .  williams admitted striking mr coleman with a hammer , but claimed he was about to kill him .  she was convicted of unlawfully wounding mr coleman at snaresbrook crown court .
heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental , and ultimately physical , health .  study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure .  patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation , which can worsen heart failure - where risk of death is five times higher .
danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup quarter - final in march .  a 15 - year - old boy has been given a caution and warned about his behaviour .  the tweet continued with sickening references that are too offensive to publish .
laura jordan , 24 , was told her now husband , jack , had just weeks to live .  he underwent gruelling rounds of chemotherapy after being diagnosed two years ago , but it failed to stop cancer from spreading into his bone marrow .  the couple , from brixham , devon , have battled leukaemia since 2013 .
kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15 - year - old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom .  investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom .
the handbag clinic has opened in chelsea to cater to the needs of well - heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory .  famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars sophie hermann and stephanie pratt .  prices are bespoke , depending on how stained or damaged a bag is , with costs for minor repairs starting at 24 . 95 and the average restoration costing 135 .
duffel bag containing human remains found on loughery way in cambridge .  it was found one block away from police station on saturday morning .  more human remains have been found in common area of apartment complex . comes as additional human remains were found in apartment complex on 6th street .  police say they are ' under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains ' .
stefan johansen picked up two awards at the celtic player of the year awards dinner on sunday night .  the norway midfielder is delighted with the bhoys ' ' special ' season .  the hoops will win the league for the fourth successive season if they beat dundee united on friday night .  ronny deila ' s side went eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the table .
thousands of commuters were stranded for up to five hours after power failure at clapham junction station in south - west london .  some 1 , 200 people were stuck on the east grinstead to victoria train for four hours a quarter of a mile south of clapham .  british transport police started evacuating passengers on the stranded service at 10am and passed water to others .  paramedics were on hand in case travellers , including pregnant women , were affected as carriages became unbearably hot .
jourdan dunn , 24 , is the new face of maybelline new york .  the supermodel was british vogue ' s february 2015 cover star .  she was scouted at primark in hammersmith , hammersmith , at just 15 .  now she walks for the likes of victoria ' s secret and walks for prada .
david totton , 36 , admitted driving a rented white peugeot rcz into doors .  he went over to remonstrate with the bouncers and act as ' peace - maker ' .  totton tried to claim the attack had been meant as ' a joke ' but judge rules otherwise .  he survived being shot in the head in 2006 as part of a suspected assassination attempt .
carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was allegedly pitted against andrew jay arevalo , 24 , inside high desert state prison in indian springs , nevada .  he was serving a four - year sentence for hitting a man with a two - by - four - shot shot .  perez was serving four years for burglary at the time of the shooting .  his attorney plans to file a suit soon .
khadijah dare , from lewisham , south london , was among the first britons to join terrorists of islamic state .  she was born in nigeria but emigrated to the uk as a child .  her mother , victoria , has used her first ever interview to call upon her to return home .  she also revealed her daughter had been an equally devout christian but turned to islam while at college .
mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , in 1943 .  she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site ' s underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department .  now 91 , the great grandmother has revisited the site with her son , david .
diane greenberg , a devout catholic , and her husband bob , who is jewish , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion .
restaurants serving domestic cats are springing up across northern vietnam .  owner says demand is so high he ' d slaughtered 31 cats already that day .  police officers and lawyers are among vietnam ' s biggest customers .
ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over criticism of ed miliband ' s mansion tax plans .  the comedian told a 1 , 000 - strong crowd at warrington ' s parr hall the popstar had made her money ' showering in a bikini ' and should be ' proud to make a contribution ' .  elton , who distanced himself from the party under tony blair , told supporters he was ' back with labour ' .
two - thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder , which is also known as clinical depression .  but 38 per cent of those taking the drugs didn ' t meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either .  u . s . guidelines say clinical depression should be diagnosed if a person has five or more depressive symptoms over a two week period , most of the day .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 - 1 in their premier league clash .  glenn murray scored the only goal of the game in the first half .  jason puncheon put palace ahead in the second half .
dermatologist dawn marie davies , from the mayo clinic in minnesota , warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting herpes .  genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin - to - skin contact .  there is no complete cure for the infection - rather a sufferer will be given treatment each time they suffer a flare up .
the british army fired 46 million bullets at the taliban during the eight - year conflict .  some 27 million rounds were fired from either the standard sa - 80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun .  a further two million , 105mm artillery shells were fired at taliban positions .  one former sas solider said british troops were fighting for their lives on a daily basis .
bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face .  dr timothy haffey , who removed the wire in a 20 - minute sinus surgery , said it miraculously dodged all of parker ' s important nerves and arteries .
perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality .  lavender , another ingredient in perfume , has been shown to calm and calm the mind , while citrus smells evoke images of health and cleanliness .
the ' goblins ' are scientifically known as ' hoodoos ' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone .  once known as the mushroom valley , the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle .  in 1964 it was designated a state park .
tyrone sevilla hand - delivered a heartbreaking poster to immigration minister peter dutton ' s office on monday .  the 10 - year - old autistic boy has lived with his mother maria sevilla for eight years .  this comes after the immigration department rejected the visa application 28 days ago because tyrone ' s autism would be a ' burden on the australian health system ' .  ms sevilla said her son has improved immeasurably since he started school four years ago .
gang broke up large operation covering eight provinces in henan province .  lubricating oil used at one production line was so disgusting it made them feel sick .  gang still sold the fakes at the regular price of 4 . 20 for a pack of 12 via their own shop , contacting potential customers via social media .
tuti yusupova ' s friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1 , 1880 .  they now want the guinness book of records to document that achievement .  current record holder is french woman jeanne calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 .  death came in the same week as misao okawa , who died on april 1 , a few weeks after she celebrated her 117th birthday .
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt ' s golden adele .  the poster will be auctioned off on the day of the ball during the aids solidarity gala in the hofburg palace for the benefit of austrian and international hiv / aids projects .
bojan krkic has been keeping a close eye on england ' s top - flight as he recovers from a serious knee injury .  the former ac milan and roma forward has picked his premier league team of the season .  john terry has helped his side to the top of the premier league .  southampton ' s nathaniel clyne is now in the england squad .
angela postle , from maroochydore in southeast queensland , stumbled upon the phenomenon last month .  she sent the oranges to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail .  the mother - of - five has voiced her fear : ' i am not going to feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit .  i think it ' s awful they haven ' t come up with any answers ' .
sam tomkins has agreed to rejoin wigan on a four - year contract .  the 2012 super league man of steel is to cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors .  wigan received a world record transfer fee , thought to be around 700 , 000 .  tomkins left wigan at the end of their 2013 grand final triumph .
amir khan says kell brook has called him out for the ' one big payday ' .  the bolton - born boxer has instead agreed a bout on may 30 .  khan defeated jo jo dan to retain his ibf welterweight title last month .  khan has denied that he will face chris algieri next month .
dawn milosky , 45 , has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle .  dashcam footage shows police in kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p . m . on thursday following a tip - off about someone driving erratically in the local area .  it took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage .
the 24 - year - old is one of the first full - bodied tattooed models in the industry .  he has starred in numerous men ' s magazine shoots , and graced the runway at fashion weeks .  his australian fans make up a chunk of his 498 , 000 instagram fans .
yassir ali , 29 , of no - fixed - abode , was stopped by traffic police in birmingham .  officers suspected the silver bmw 1 series may have been stolen .  ali raced through red lights and on the wrong side of the road against traffic .  he was jailed for 14 monts for dangerous driving at birmingham crown court .
plastic jesus put up seven ' no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood , including the ivy restaurant and cecconi ' s on melrose .  london - born street artist says he got the idea while driving down melrose avenue in l . a . a few weeks ago , traffic was brought to a standstill because of a karda ' s shopping on the street .
lakenya hall , 35 , of kenner , lousiana , was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot .  hall ' s two sons , ages 15 and 11 , were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting .
ards borough council spent more than 7 , 000 on a lavish three - course christmas banquet and disco for staff .  staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party .  the party is the first the council has hosted in recent years and will be their last as the authority no longer exists after a merger with its neighbour .
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit , michigan , on monday night .  the 24 - year - old was handcuffed , despite complaining that he had trouble breathing , before suffering a fatal heart attack .  his father , pastor kevin clark , claimed his son had been ' driving erratically ' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler .  he is planning to sue police for their role in his son ' s death .
cristiano ronaldo is a co - owner of second tier united states side fort lauderdale strikers .  ronaldo says he ' would pay out of his own pocket ' to sign lionel messi .  the former brazil striker is also a target for ex - brazil and inter milan striker ' s us team .
manchester city ' s natasha flint bagged a hat - trick as young lions squad came from goal down to win 9 - 1 at seaview .  england were level with 27 minutes of the game gone .
kevin pietersen was taken off as a precaution at the parks after being hit on the hand while fielding close - in during oxford ' s second innings .  pietersen did not bat in the second innings as surrey established a huge lead of 531 against their student counterparts .  the former england star is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket .
british officers forced to accept four - day inspection from experts from moscow .  they are attending exercise joint warrior designed to send signal to president .  britain and 11 other nato countries set to contribute to naval exercise .  britain has not inspected russian since 2010 , however russia is still obliged to accept inspections twice a year from other countries .
mahendra bavishi , 69 , is joint director of hatton garden safe deposit ltd . he said robbers almost certainly had some inside information .  he described the robbery as a ' tragedy ' for his family .
mimi was picked to star in a national tv advert after seeing off competition from thousands of gifted animals .  the 30 - second - video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one - year - old cat playing with joshua teague .  joshua ' s dad phil , 56 , bought the cat with his wife christine , 45 , when she was eight - weeks - old .
a leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson .  one account - also linked to the recent union protests in new york city and other disturbances - tweeted photos of gray ' s funeral and used language anticipating monday ' s violent clashes .  the firm said the link suggests the presence of ' professional protesters ' or anarchists who are in baltimore and are looking to take advantage of more violence .
jason denayer has impressed on loan at celtic this season .  the 19 - year - old has been tipped to partner vincent kompany on his return to city .  tom boyd feels he is now ready to challenge for a place at parkhead .
jack jordan , 23 , proposed to laura cant last christmas while suffering from leukaemia .  the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant .  mr jordan was given the news last week that he was too ill to undergo surgery .  but last week he was given news that he has just weeks to live .  the couple have quickly moved the wedding forward and are now set to marry tomorrow in a ceremony at torbay hospital ' s chapel .
detective ian cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty .  manager of the deli in brooklyn said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter .  officers reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence .  manager ali abdullah , who was not in the shop at the time , was given a receipt saying $ 593 had been seized , but he realised $ 2 , 650 in store rent money was missing .
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription - based service for the first time , according to an email sent out to youtube partners .  the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube ' s creator studio dashboard , which notes that the changes will go into effect on june 15 , 2015 .
neuroscientists have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic .  stroke survivors often suffer damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain .  study will surprise anybody whose boss relies on mocking his employees to get the best out of them .
sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute for sheffield wednesday .  ishmael miller , also on as a substitute , secured a point for his side .  the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games .
barcelona beat getafe 6 - 0 at the nou camp on tuesday night .  luis suarez , neymar and lionel messi have scored 102 goals this season .  messi scored twice , including one from the penalty spot .
hannah overton , 37 , has already spent seven years in prison for the murder of her four - year - old adopted son , andrew burd , with an overdose of salt .  her family stood by her and protested her innocence , but prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case .  her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel , meaning this would not be a case of double jeopardy .
researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing .  they recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24 .  they then asked a group of men to rate the women  s voices on attractiveness and another group of similar age to judge the attractiveness of their faces .
jimi manuwa takes on jan blachowicz tonight , more than a year after his first defeat to alexander gustafsson .  the londoner believes his ' aggression and killer instinct ' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds .
the dog is captured on video sat opposite eric ko  a dogaroo centre in hong kong .  the pair hold onto push - up bars with their front paws and hands respectively .  eric says ' kiss ' and the dog leans towards him and gives him a kiss .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in new campaign for vans and & other stories .  the collection sees stories make a twist on the classic shoes slip on .  shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .
ian poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the alternative medicine to recover from the various strains that come with the sport .  the 39 - year - old posted an instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck , accompanied by the caption : ' i feel like a pin cushion ' .  the english golfer is confident of winning a tour title since the hsbc champions in 2012 .
cameron thomas philp graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van in brisbane in 2013 .  he was fined $ 300 but avoided a conviction .  mr philp spat brisbane magistrates court on friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property .  the judge asked him : ' so you ' re working for good and not evil now ? ' .
microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software .  the move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world ' s biggest software company , which still dominates the personal computer market .  the company is also expected to show off new windows smartphones or other devices and reveal more details about such tech initiatives .
european court of human rights rules russia did not breach father ' s right to family life when he was deported in 2011 .  robert muradeli , 45 , had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations .  but strasbourg court said russian authorities had not breached any rules when they deported him .  mrs may is hoping to be able to stop illegal immigrants and foreign criminals dodging deportation or delay it for years by claiming it would breach their right to a family life .
mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway .  in lisse , the netherlands , the local keukenhof boasts seven million blooms , stunning waterways , windmills and even a petting zoo .  the keukenof castle , a dutch manor built in the 17th century , will pay tribute to the late van gogh with their curated , hand - planted floral designs .
yaphank , in eastern long island , once had streets named adolf hitler , goebbels and goering as well as berliner and hamberger .  camp siegfried was founded by the american nazi group , the german american bund .
star wars : rogue one , starring felicity jones , is slated for release in december 2016 .  the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the death star plans and ' bring a new hope ' .
tottenham have held further talks with marseille over a deal for florian thauvin .  the 22 - year - old has been left out of the squad for this weekend ' s game with metz .  marseille are already losing andre ayew and andre - pierre gignac .
extremists reveal plans to open a school of nursing in raqqa , syria .  among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age .  the nhs does not have the same level of checks as britain where english language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced .
the new york wheel will be able to carry as many as 1 , 400 passengers at a time .  it will include mobile bar cars , a 20 - seat restaurant , a 4 - d ride on the ground and an led light show every night .  ticket prices will range from an estimated $ 25 to $ 30 ( 17 to 20 )
one of the most widespread ' food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth .  the five - second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts .  experts say dry foods , like cookies , are less hazardous and can be ok .
liam plunkett is pushing for a place in england ' s attack for the second test . moeen ali has joined up with the england squad after missing the first test through injury .  forme raustralia captain steve waugh has urged the ecb to end the ' circus ' surrounding kevin pietersen ' s potential recall .
george kirby and doreen luckie , from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry on june 13 .  the pair will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 .  george said : ' i suppose it ' s about time , really .  i definitely don ' t feel my age ' .  between them they have had seven children , 15 grandchildren and seven great - grandchildren .
eva pusztai - fahidi , 89 , says seeing oskar groening in court is ' a kind of satisfaction ' .  says she could never have imagined she would be testifying before german court .  she says that ' for me it ' s not about the punishment ' and ' it is not about punishment ' .  eva mozes kor , 81 , who lost 49 family members in holocaust , called for trial to end .
kim kardashian , kanye west and north west visited the armenian st . james cathedral in jerusalem ' s old city .  archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony .  khloe , 22 , is north ' s godmother while the priest acted as her godfather .
kerrie armitage , 28 , suffers from aquagenic urticaria  an allergy to water .  she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm .  now she has had to stop kissing her husband because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare - up .
manchester united are said to be keeping a close eye on atletico madrid defender miranda .  the 30 - year - old centre back has started brazil ' s last eight matches .  miranda has revealed he is ' proud ' to be linked with a move to atletico madrid .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
david etzel , 36 , of palm beach county , florida , is facing an animal cruelty charge after authorities say he bit his mother ' s lapdog on the face .  the dog ' s owner michele etzel told deputies that her son had been drinking and teasing the dog , prompting the dog to bite etzel .  etzel was being held on $ 10 , 000 bail .
family of martin richard , 8 , headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners .  four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word ' boston ' were placed at the site .  more than 260 others were injured in the april 15 , 2013 attack .  martin ' s family helped unwrap another banner with the help of governor charlie baker .  also at the ceremony was jeff bauman , who lost both legs in the bombings .
the body of andrew getty , 47 , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three - storey villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon .  a string of gettys have died from drug overdoses , while another grandson of the family patriarch , jean paul getty iii , never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping .  andrew ' s former girlfriend , identified in u . s . media as aspiring actress lanessa de jonge , raised the alarm .
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self - inflicted wound around 5 p . m . near the buffet at the m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada .  one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries .  several people who had gone to the buffet for an easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident .
burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday .  sean dyche ' s side have a tough battle ahead of the final eight games .  the clarets are currently in the relegation zone .
bbc is to air a two - hour , real - time documentary following a canalboat .  viewers will hear the sounds of the boat ' s engine , the lapping of the water and the local birdsong as the barge makes its way along a picturesque stretch of the kennet and avon canal .  the film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on may 5 as part of the bbc four goes slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes .
kseniya soukeras , who is due in august , wants to name her unborn child michael , after her late father .  her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon , after his own father .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao is the biggest fight in boxing ' s history .  here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing history .
soil underneath a slide showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour .  this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person .  park has now been fenced off with an orange barricade .
a 16 - year - old student opened fire before classes at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle on monday .  brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived .  the teenager , who has not been identified , only transferred to the high school a month ago .  he later told police he shot into the air because he didn ' t want to hurt anyone .
mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager .  he was replaced with nigel adkins by daniel levye in october .  sportsmail takes a look at how his two tenures compare .
baltimore police used cellphone surveillance equipment 4 , 300 times since 2007 .  it can identify phones from a 360 - degree antenna from about a city block away .  police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people .  details resemble the original plot of the wire , which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers .
susan monica , a 66 - year - old pig farmer and welder from southern oregon , went on trial on tuesday in medford , oregon .  she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20 - acre pig ranch in a small jackson county community and dismembering their bodies .  both victims were shot in the head in what prosecutors allege were separate murders more than a year apart .
princess beatrice arrived in florence yesterday for the conde nast international luxury conference .  she has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion ' s biggest names .  she also met international vogue editor suzy menkes and chanel designer karl lagerfeld .
jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six - month - old daughter addison on facebook .  the author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views jade  s facebook posts .  jade and her husband ryan were both very angry but chose to try and see the funny side of the letter .
colleen harris , 73 , was found guilty of first - degree murder on wednesday .  it took the el dorado superior court jury less than two hours to convict her .  colleen harris will be sentenced on june 5 , standing to receive 50 years to life .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday .  carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio luka modric , gareth bale and karim benzema .  the two teams come head - to - head in the second leg of their champions league quarter - final at the santiago bernabeu .
tim sherwood was quizzed about his letter to charlie pye on friday .  the six - year - old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football .  sherwood revealed his ' win bonus ' to the assembled media .
german detectives have been  closely monitoring developments  in the 60 million london case and are expected to make contact with scotland yard this week .  they are keen to find out whether any dna was recovered from the scene of the easter weekend raid and whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a 8 . 3 million robbery at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 .
' chris ' the 26 - year - old was shot in the leg near his home in khost , eastern afghanistan .  he said it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him .  his son muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack .  chris says he has taken evidence of threats to uk authorities on ten occasions .
tamale rocks discovered the two - way mirror in chicago bar cigars and stripes .  she opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view .  but the bar ' s owner ronnie lottz said he has no plans to get rid of it .
neanderthals were the dominant human species in europe and much of asia for around 250 , 000 years before vanishing .  scientists took ct scans of a tooth found in riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps and in the grotta di fumane in western lessini mountains in italy .  they found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the protoaurignacian culture .
eric isaiah adusah , 30 , has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife , charmain speirs , last september .  the mother of one was found face - down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days .  her husband , a self - proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher , is charged with her murder .  his defence lawyer said his sister had never touched drugs and it was ' an outrageous lie ' to say his family were all addicts .
aston villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club .  manager tim sherwood has invigorated this side and has improved the side ' s performances .  villa won the european cup in 1982 and were one of the founder members of the football league .
a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act using a human as their base .  ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  dai aoki runs the waterloo , australia - based dog training company positive dog care .
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr could rematch in under six weeks .  the pair clashed in a 12 - round grudge match on november 29 .  eubank challenged saunders to take a re - match with him on may 9 .  hall of fame promoter frank warren initially played down the chances of the pair fighting in may , but later said he would work on trying to get the fight on .
manny pacquiao ' s conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather was cancelled on monday .  the filipino could only answer one question about how his training camp was going .  promoter bob arum , who was also on the call , then got frustrated when the first caller wasn ' t someone who was supposed to be in line to ask a question .  mayweather is due to address the media in a conference call on wednesday .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found dead in a volkswagen passat on wednesday .  he was described as ' the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet ' .  hassan anyabwile , 53 , from trinidad and tobago was brought in to replace him .  mr arwani stepped down from the mosque last year after it was linked to extremism .
the limited edition apple watch is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum .  one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap .  the most expensive version costs up to 2 , 500 more in the uk compared to elsewhere in the world , while british buyers pay up to 63 more for the sport model .
the man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries .  his jeans were left on the underside of the red car in southam , warwickshire .  firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car .  he was treated for multiple injuries , including to his head , chest and pel .  medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash .
hundreds of survivalists and so - called ' preppers ' descended on salt lake city , utah , on friday for the nation ' s first ever preppercon .  they were shown specially - equipped underground bunkers , learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies .  also greeted by actors from amc hit show ' the walking dead ' , including addy miller , who acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook - off .
helen dunn , 78 , from stourbridge , west midlands , was shocked to discover her cover images when she opened the sunday mercury newspaper .  the mother - of - two and grandmother from west midlands was only 17 years old at the time of the cover shoot .  she went on to marry manchester united ' s alan dunn , just three years after the shoot .
wandsworth council set to remove rule giving priority to brothers and sisters .  it comes after 80 , 000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school .  more than 20 , 000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices .  in the most oversubscribed areas , four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school amid an escalating crisis over places fuelled by baby boom and immigration .
ruben loftus - cheek played for chelsea under 21s having already starred in the champions league this term .  spurs went into the game at wheatsheaf park sitting sixth in the league .  the result would have taken them joint top with manchester united and liverpool .  deandre yedlin is already a senior international for the united states .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro - copter flew 80 miles from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the us capitol on wednesday .  the pilot , florida postal worker doug hughes , was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago .  johnson has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics .
julie walters , 49 , has been jailed for two and a half years for burglary .  she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash .  she was caught by police after she was spotted on cctv loitering .  an 80 - year - old man and a woman were fleeced in two separate attacks .
lorraine bracco wanted to play dr . jennifer melfi in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster ' s wife in goodfellas .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .  the 27 - year - old punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season ' s grand final against warrington warriors .  the wales forward came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday ' s 30 - 20 victory against st helens .  coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see flower come back an even more aggressive player .
bastian schweinsteiger lost his place to xabi alonso in bayern munich ' s 6 - 1 champions league win over porto on tuesday .  dietmar hamann thinks the world cup winner faces an uncertain future at the allianz arena .  franck ribery is closing in on a return to fitness after an ankle injury .
fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren comes to an end .  the 33 - year - old says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season .  alonso left ferrari in 2007 after a bitter year but says he ' s glad to stay at the club .  mclaren have struggled for pace - and with mechanical faults during the first two grand prix of the season .  click here for all the latest formula one news .
victorino chua , 49 , is accused of killing three patients at stepping hill hospital in stockport between 2011 and 2012 .  in 13 pages of rambling , broken handwritten english , he said he might ' explode ' at any time , adding : ' if i will be pushed , they gonna be sorry ' .
nbc news chief foreign correspondent richard engel was kidnapped in syria .  previously reported that the kidnapping was carried out by forces associated with president bashar - al assad .  but following analysis of his kidnapping it is likely the men that took him were in fact a sunni group who had tried to convince their victims they were government militants .
radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is his side ' s biggest threat .  the colombian striker was speaking at the # headtohead for puma ' s ' evospeed 1 . 3 ' .  the argentina international has scored six times since he joined city in 2011 .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
james koryor , 41 , was taken into custody tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse .  police say he took his two - year - old sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm , but instead went to a liquor store where he bought a bottle of gin .  the boy ' s mother found him in the car some time later .
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map .  it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0 . 4 per cent of the sky .  the goal is to eventually map 12 . 5 per cent over five years .  red here shows more dark matter , and blue shows less .
lily james has worn more than 300 , 000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery .  on february 13 , she goes braless in berlin in a creation by greek designer mary katrantzou worth 5 , 400 .  hours later she wears a silk dress by christian dior ( 20 , 000 ) and a 40 , 000 necklace .
dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict .  others say they protect the skin from the inside with antioxidants found in fruit and vegetables .  ladival is the first product to protect against infra - red a rays .
marie hunt of spring green , wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school .  now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care , the centenarian was presented with an honorary diploma by river valley high school , 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated .
crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha  s mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon .  the electrifying winger has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over in january .  zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years .  louis van gaal told zaha he wasn ' t part of his plans after capital one cup snub .
grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , travelled first class around the world with girlfriend gaynor godwin using criminally gained money .  pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing 30 , 000 between 2006 and 2010 , including a trip to dubai worth 7 , 600 .  allen also splurged 8 , 700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to disney world .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the new jersey governor .  fallon pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point christie took the treat for himself .  christie has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic ' s arm in an off - the - ball scrap on tuesday .  the real madrid striker denied the claims . the incident was a heated affair for the real player .
andy jordan from made in chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world .  he says he often packs the bare minimum and even enjoys staying in the odd travelodge .  the singer released his album , geography , last year and sings about falling in love at first sight on london ' s underground .
faith and hope howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus .  their parents , simon howie and renee young , laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in sydney ' s west . when they arrived on thursday they found the site completely bare .  family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers .
castello baronale , situated just 31 miles ( 50km ) from rome , towers 3 , 280ft over sea level .  includes nine en - suite bedrooms , a further two bedrooms in an nearby apartment , a lavish ballroom , library , gym and even a theatre .  built in the 12th century , the castle was born by pope urban viii ' s nephew , cardinal barberini in 1541 .
sydney couple mike and sharon tierney set aside an evening once a month for mutual grooming .  sharon , 45 , trims her husband ' s eyebrows , waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair .  mike has been well trained in the art of waxing , and waxes her underarms , legs , upper lip and chin , and can even perform a brazilian wax .
jeremy clarkson , 55 , said being given warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life .  he said two days before assaulting a bbc producer he was told he might have cancer .  clarkson was sacked from top gear after ' unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack .
burnley drew 0 - 0 with tottenham at turf moor in the premier league on sunday .  harry kane ' s first outing as captain failed to inspire spurs in an insipid result .  sean dyche ' s clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won .  danny ings missed an early chance to put burnley ahead .  sky sports pundit paul merson had a pop at spurs substitute andros townsend .
veteran espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer .  she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft , .  interviewing heisman trophy winner marcus mariota .  smith , 56 , also revealed in an interview with sports illustrated , that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return and is proud of her bald head .
martin allen believes it is important for troops to follow order .  one player didn ' t want a biscuit and simply passed the packet on .  chelsea manager jose mourinho has been linked with a move to chelsea .
kendall and baylee were born with very different skin tones .  their father , curtis martin , is half - jamaican , while their mother is white .  miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis is half jamaican .  their genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin .  this means they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .
noelle reno has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death .  she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth - floor flat window on to the railings below .  she also labels his death a ' suicide ' , pre - empting any coroner ' s verdict .  the inquest was adjourned in december and no date has yet been set to re - open it .
theo walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season .  ian wright says arsene wenger has only briefly used walcott up front .  wright believes walcott should have been moved into a similar position .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  mr keenan ' s father keith was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .
police arrested 53 people as part of the annual ' 420 ' event in hyde park .  they were seen openly smoking marijuana while dozens of police officers stood nearby .  of the 53 who were arrested , 16 were released on street bail and asked to return to a station at a later date .  the 420 day event is a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says she has met the love of her life .  the 62 - year - old ' s home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn was also destroyed .  ms diano didn ' t evacuate during hurricane sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats .
holly barber , 25 , woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains .  but when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious .  she rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly .  a year later , medics found another melon - sized blockage in her right lung .
craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life .  they are selling it for 185 , 000 to help pay for craig jr ' s prep school fees .  the morgans , from hastings in east sussex , say he is academically gifted .
king goodwill zwelithini said foreigners should ' pack their belongings ' and leave .  the dyed - in - the - wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women ' s rights and hiv / aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing .  he recently told a crowd of 10 , 000 that if he had ordered people to be killed ' this country would be reduced to ashes ' .
teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles .  investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim , who has only been identified as d . b . teof faces up to two years in prison .  in a march 20 indictment , brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone ' s reputation .
on friday it will be 100 years since 50 , 000 gathered at the home of manchester united to contest a controversial fa cup final .  many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its khaki cup final tag .  national football museum tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium .
martynas kupstys was jailed for life for the murder of ivans zdanovics .  the 26 - year - old spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from lincoln prison after staff told him he was free to go in august 2014 .  he posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver on his facebook page .  before the murder , he also uploaded a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of nazi dictator adolf hitler .
mike lane , 40 , was beaten by balaclava - clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes .  he was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth .  wiltshire police have dropped an investigation into the attack .  mr lane said : ' unless further evidence comes forward , the attackers are not likely to be found .  we find it pathetic ' .
joseph oberhansley , 34 , from jeffersonville , indiana , is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46 - year - old tammy jo harbin blanton last september .  prosecutors say they intended to seek the death penalty in the case .  last year , prosecutors said they wanted to seek a death sentence or life without parole unless they agree there is at least one aggravating circumstance beyond a reasonable doubt .
loretta reinholdt , 54 , and andy wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan .  four men with guns and knives boarded the boat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas .  after the terrifying hold - up , the couple and their captain were stranded for four days .
tim howard joined everton in the community ' s medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session .  the u . s . international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game .  howard said : ' i ' ve really enjoyed myself , the guys were great with me and were really helping me along as it was my first time in a motorised wheelchair ' .
the mountain lion , known as p - 22 , left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday morning .  his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife which tweeted ' the cougar has left the building ' .
ann malsbury , 22 , of coventry , also battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage .  when mr judson bent down to pick up something , malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white ipod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him .  malsbury was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury .
residents of beckley club estates in dallas , texas , saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage .  the man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black chevy tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door .  solis have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years , according to neighbors .
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond , a transgender woman .  the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond ' s gender dysphoria , a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity .
benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants the same recognition as other ' world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china .  sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind the application , argues that the resort should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible .  a decision over the application could take up to six years to be made .
isobel attwood , 16 , has not made contact with her family since leaving her home .  friends have posted on social media saying she is in southampton .  officers believe she could be in the winchester or southampton area .
christine davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 .  she was told she only had between nine months to three years to live .  but four days before she died , her husband ronny and their two daughters noticed her ring was missing from her finger .  the family has launched a desperate online appeal to have their mother ' s ring returned .
eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks .  chennai super kings are one of the iconic sights of the indian premier league .  ms dhoni and suresh raina are the most successful team in ipl history .
the rust belt straddles the upper northeastern us , the great lakes , and the midwest states , while the coal region is found in pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains .  clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast , michigan ' s upper peninsula , and a large portion of ohio .  racism in the new england states , along with new york , were two of the most surprising discoveries for the researchers .
david cameron reveals he and wife samantha were ' falling apart ' with pressure .  ivan was born with ohtahara syndrome , a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits .  he died aged six in 2009 and his wife samantha said he was ' totally shattered ' and trying to ' find a way through ' .
louis tomlinson , 23 , pictured sitting next to a plastic tub with a dry , green weed - like substance and rolling paper .  picture was taken on wednesday amid 48 hours during which tomlinson has been seen partying hard .  it is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after zayn malik announced his decision to quit the band .
the pdsa has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all - time high .  around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight .  carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar .  in its tenth year , the pet fit club puts pets on a six - month diet and exercise programme overseen by vets , leading to one being crowned a super slimmer .
jean - marie le pen , 87 , said his daughter marine ' may want him dead ' .  she was particularly angry that mr le pen called the nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history ' .  but he has refused to step down as honorary president of the far right party .
miliband wants to bring in ' use it or lose it ' powers for councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land .  shares in housebuilders , including barratt developments , persimmon and taylor wimpey , fall by around 2 % before later recovering .  institute of directors describes land grab as ' sovietist attack on property rights ' .
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments .  several have admitted they may impose ' eligibility ' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight .  procedures affected include varicose vein treatment , hip and knee replacement , and breast reduction surgery .
sleepless night is the most stressful thing they experience on a daily basis .  not being able to sleep , losing your keys , and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that brits find most straining .  other causes include running out of toilet paper when already late ( 35 % ) and forgot your bank card when paying for an item ( 25 % )
timothy norris - jones had previously attacked his mother on two occasions .  he left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches .  the 59 - year - old told police he ' caught her face ' when he went to catch her .  he was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in guildford , surrey .
cesc fabregas suffered the break during chelsea ' s win over stoke city .  the spaniard travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted .  the mask was made by the ortholabsport , an orthopedic centre in milan and their craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni .  the 27 - year - old could be ready to play against queens park rangers on sunday .
jamie carragher jetted out to watch his son play for the liverpool u12s .  the former liverpool defender cheered from the sidelines as the liverpool youngsters drew 1 - 1 with local side ce mercantil .  the reds also play ce cristinenc before taking on fe atl bisbalenc .
mike ashley has agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea for 200million .  the tracksuit tycoon will add something in the region of another 1bn to his net worth .  there have been empty seats at st james ' park recently as fans let their feelings about ashley be known .
motherwell will go to battle with the spfl over free entry to the premiership play - offs for season - ticket holders .  under existing rules , spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play - off ties for redistribution .  motherwell general manager alan burrows said his club will make a stand if they finish 11th .
sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his wife smita haval and their sons arnav , 10 , and arush , 6 , in separate rooms at their tulsa home on wednesday .  the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother ' s employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days .  there was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought , authorities said .
porch of porche wright , 27 , accused of setting her daughter on fire .  neighbors reported seeing wright pour gasoline on her then light her with a match .  when paramedics arrived , the seven - year - old girl was covered in burns .  wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution , disorderly conduct , and domestic violence .  it is unknown who will get custody of the girl at this time or if she has any other family members .
tim krul congratulated newcastle striker jermain defoe on his goal at half - time .  sportsmail ' s jamie carragher criticised the sunderland striker for appearing to congratulate defoe .  but coming together with an opponent and smiling after he  s scored against you in a match of such importance ? there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship .  pele and bobby moore swapping shirts after brazil had beaten england 1 - 0 at the 1970 world cup .
chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for .  he said it would come from conservatives ' ' balanced plan ' for the economy .  migrants will have to pay in more than 20 , 000 in taxes before they receive access to the benefits system .  home secretary theresa may said the new rules would end welfare tourism and make the uk less attractive to eastern european migrants .
the former secretary of state ' s campaign - in - waiting has signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york .  the brooklyn heights neighborhood is among the most hipster - friendly of them .  only texas republican sen .  ted cruz has officially entered the 2016 presidential race .
harvey boulter has already given 30 , 000 to the ukip candidate fighting fox .  he is also spending another 30k to try to defeat tom tugendhat , who is standing for the tories in tonbridge and west malling , kent .  fox resigned from the cabinet in 2011 after details of how fox  s close friend , businessman adam werritty , accompanied him on overseas trips .
former celebrity big brother contestant said boats ' need pushing back ' .  she said : ' i would use gunships , i would tow them back to where they came from ' .  more than 900 people are feared dead after the fishing boat overturned in the mediterranean at midnight yesterday in one of the worst naval disasters since the second world war ended .  today , an italian coast guard ship brought the bodies of 24 victims to malta for burial before heading to malta .
stephen john docherty , 66 , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at the whakatane district court on wednesday .  he hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property .  the victim  s scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non - non - yanoma .  there are about 26 , 000 living in brazil and 15 , 000 in venezuela , mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains .
john travolta claims scientology is targeted ' because it ' s not understood ' .  the 61 - year - old insists the church is not as evil as it has been depicted .  new documentary alleges church elders have a ' blackmail file ' of ' damaging material ' from sessions with auditors .
eden hazard has scored 35 goals and 25 assists for chelsea this season .  sky sports pundit graeme souness believes hazard is reaching the standards of lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo with his ' dancing feet ' .
the football association have taken the decision to withdraw from future victory shield tournaments .  wales are the current holders of the victory shield while england are the most successful country .  the move ' ensures consistency with a key element of the england dna ' .
cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving arsenal in 2011 .  the 27 - year - old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend .  the prodigal son once called his ' second father ' in september .
tony mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career .  he will never have to put his hand in his pocket at any racetrack in britain or ireland to remind him of what was .
luke shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the victorian bushland .  the 11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at lake eildon national park .  he was suffering from exhaustion , dehydration and hypothermia when he was found .  doctors say they are stunned with how healthy luke appeared .
cengiz guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day .  the 30 - year - old security guard has protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler .  the security team will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 australians at the lone pine service .
britain last year produced more than 1 . 5 million cars  the most since 2007 .  we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe .
54 million hot cross buns , 2 , 900 tonnes of chocolate and enough prawns to stretch from sydney to cairns .  sales of lobster , oysters and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the easter holiday .
over 300 people gathered at the blues point reserve on sydney ' s north shore for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' # keephopealive ' .  brisbane , melbourne and perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo .  ' as long as there ' s hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can ' t do this anymore , ' said crisis campaigner diana sayed .
tottenham host newcastle at st james ' park on sunday .  mauricio pochettino ' s side have been a frustrating start to the season .  the spurs boss is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip .
fullips device , a sort of suction - thimble , has already been seen at west end parties .  mother and daughter team behind the device sell them for 30 .  a day later the enhancers arrived in a selection of three sizes .
bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen .  hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez ' s fiancee .  he was accused of threatening to kill a prison guard and his family , and he got into a fight with another inmate .
louis van gaal ' s united head to chelsea on saturday in top form .  victory at stamford bridge would put united within five points of the blues .  van der sar admits the title is probably beyond united ' s grasp this season .
researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent .  they tested their theory using a 10 - hertz current to stimulate the brain ' s natural alpha wave oscillations .  they then recorded the results using eeg .
the london book fair author hq is a three - day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors .  a range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice on navigating the legal issues of an evolving industry .  experienced and successful authors will be on hand to reveal how they launched their careers .
luis andres cuyun , 30 , was riding in a car when two suspected mara salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him and his driver , who was injured in the attack .  salvadoran juan carlos medina luna , 29 , and guatemalan mario alfonso aguilar , 18 , were arrested after a short police chase .
the 65 - year - old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine .  he stopped out of ' fear ' of publicity and shame , and kept his secret to himself until he couldn ' t bear it any longer .
alex impey , a father - of - two , says he is selling marijuana at his gnostic hemporium on the nsw central coast , north of sydney .  he says he receives 20 new requests for help at his hemp store .  the marijuana is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill .  his daughter , larisa , suffered up to 60 uncontrollable seizures a day - some lasting more than an hour .
xavier morales , 48 , has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office after a female employee accused him of assaulting her .  the female employee alleged that she was attending a party with xavier morales when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her .  after the two employees returned to the office , morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted .
layla and kumi , who are both 16 years old , were born on january 17 and 19 .  keepers at bronx zoo have yet to learn either of the babies ' genders .  the western lowland gorillas are an endangered species in the wild .  they can be distinguished by their slightly brown coat and long arms . while they weighed just 4lb at birth , they will eventually grow to weigh more than 400lb as adults .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .  the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20 , 000 times and is getting rave reviews .  users say they like it because it contains all the information in one easily - accessible place .
the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in langenfeld , germany , yesterday .  body - painting artist joerg duesterwald spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings .  the female model , who even had her hair painted , is also captured standing in front of a flat wall of rock with a large mossy log to her left .
yogita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , are among the world ' s heaviest young children .  they eat 18 chapatis , 3lbs of rice , two bowls of broth , six packets of crisps , five packs of crisp , 12 bananas and a litre of milk daily .  their mother pragna ben , 30 , spends most of her day making their meals .
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more 1billion .  it was designed to cater for spain ' s booming economy to serve both city and coast . but it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties .  new owners will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt .
the st . regis abu dhabi suite rents for a staggering aed 100 , 000 ( 18 , 188 ) per night .  the hotel ' s showpiece , the 1 , 120 sq metre room , can only be accessed by a private elevator .  of the three bedrooms , one has a circular king size bed , complete with a jacuzzi , two treatment beds and an exercise room .
jim ratcliffe , 62 , wants to build a beach house on a site he owns overlooking the solent .  the high - tech planned mansion will be virtually ' carbon - zero ' and uses renewable energy such as solar power .  mr ratcliffe bought the site in 2005 and has had several previous planning applications rejected .
jenson button ' s mclaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the bahrain international circuit .  the 35 - year - old ' s mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of fp2 , in which three laps in he had to stop out on track as a safety precaution .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , utah , built a giant box fort for his three - year - old son and daughter story .  the father , who works as a florist creating intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement officials one day later saying his creation must be scrapped .  the family said it will leave the fort up for the maximum two weeks before he receives a $ 125 fine .
sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham city council .  couple claimed 66 , 268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support .  but three years later , when rafiq bought them a house , she claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord , rafiq .  rafiq pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify a change of circumstances and a charge of making a false representation .
juventus beat monaco 1 - 0 at the stade louis ii on wednesday night .  patrice evra believes the french side could learn from a more combative style of play .  paul pogba is likely to miss the champions league semi - finals .
the shop will stock ' islamically approved ' adult items , it has been revealed .  it is being led by the owner of am existing dutch halal sex shop el asira .  the store will ' strictly cater to muslim customers in mecca ' .
no images of the new volkswagen westfalia camper have yet to been released .  dr heinz - jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle ' s floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels .  a concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years  time .  volkswagen has unveiled two prototype ' microbuses ' including the bulli in recent years .
zeynab daghastani , 13 , was shot and killed by isis snipers in damascus .  she was shot dead as she tried to make her way through the streets .  relief workers and relief workers are also being targeted by isis .  thousands of palestinians have been trying to escape yarmouk since 2012 .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid when his loan spell ends .  the 26 - year - old has impressed this season on the south coast . jose luis perez caminero says atletico are counting on the players .
pictures show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo , brazil .  the 25 - year - old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour .  but an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody .  pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online and have sparked outrage across brazil .
julie stauch and married couple vidhya reddy appear in video announcing clinton ' s 2016 bid .  bagniewski , who ran for des moines city council in 2013 , is also said to be in talks with martin o  malley  s people and may support him .  ' everyday americans need a champion , and i want to be that champion , ' clinton says on the video .
prime minister insists coalition has spent five years ' trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility .  intervention came as another tory , chief whip michael gove , claimed christians in britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion .  six weeks ago , the church provoked a row with ministers by publishing an unprecedented guide to how the country  s 30million christians should  approach the general election 
nu york is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but moma is still brilliant .  the z hotel , a stark block of a building decked out in the industrial - chic style so beloved of london hipsters .  the gullfoss waterfall in pingvellir national park is a short hop from reykjavik .
carlo ancelotti has hailed diego simeone as one of the world ' s best coaches .  simeone ' s atleti side host real madrid in their champions league quarter - final first leg on tuesday .  the italian admits facing simeone is both an ' honour ' and a ' problem ' .  gareth bale is set to return to the first team after missing madrid ' s 3 - 0 victory against eibar on saturday .
reverend creflo dollar , 53 , launched an appeal last month for 200 , 000 people to donate ' $ 300 or more ' so that he could purchase a gulfstream g650 .  the wealthy televangelist , who is known to own two rolls royces and multi - million dollar homes , came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work .
the 6 , 825 - tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year with most of the victims , high school students .  president park geun - hye has pledged to ' actively consider ' raising the sewol , taking into account the opinions of the relatives and salvage experts .  but senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost 68million .
maria kukucova , 25 , was arrested in april last year after former partner andy bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol in southern spain .  she had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family ' s home in nova basoca after police put out an international arrest warrant .  now her parents are being forced to sell their home to pay thousands for lawyers ' fees in spain where their daughter is awaiting trial .
david luiz suffered a torn hamstring at marseille on sunday night .  the paris saint - germain defender is out for at least four weeks .  scans revealed the severity of the injury .
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .  using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .  denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , said he ' ridded one last child molester from the earth ' .  he appeared before the judge in daytona beach , florida .  he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike .  he was arrested more than 500 miles away early on tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a florida beach .
royal baby gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley .  the 30 - year - old mother from leeds has teamed up with london - based ice - creamery the licktators .  the product will be available for sale at selected stores in london this summer and online .
hillary clinton ' s security detail arrived at a suburban des moines , iowa fruit processing company on tuesday .  a visually identical gmc van drove up to the building with a nearly identical secret service escort vehicle .  both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep - tinted windows and new york license plates .
manchester city host manchester city at old trafford on sunday .  sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants .  martin edwards , son of a salford butcher , ruled the roost .
crystal palace have won six out of 10 league games .  alan pardew has no immediate plans to leave selhurst park .  the eagles were in the bottom three at the start of the year .
ipswich have lost four of their last five away games .  nahki wells and james vaughan scored for the home side .  luke varney reduced arrears earlier in the second period .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
derby county can make sure of a play - off place with victory at huddersfield .  wolves will be promoted with a win at morecambe if wycombe fail to win at afc wimbledon or bury lose at portsmouth .
the youngster ' s mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening since it ' s easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment .  but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared .  prince george ' s county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
kevin toner is out of contract at the end of the summer .  norwich , leicester , newcastle and stoke have watched toner .  tim sherwood is keen to develop villa ' s young talent .
the clip was created by the make it fair project .  it presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood .  in the past three years , only 93 per cent of films were directed by men , and only 80 per cent were written by them .  ' we won ' t relent ' til it ' s 100 per cent , ' the women sing in a tongue - in - cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa .
walter scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina .  pop star and member of destiny ' s child , michelle williams , tweeted : ' this brought tears to my eyes .  # walterscott reminds me of my uncle , family .  can only imagine the pain his fam feels ' .
the hot spot , near the four corners intersection of arizona , colorado , new mexico and utah , covers only about 2 , 500 square miles .  a recent nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground - based estimate - and researchers say they don ' t know why .  methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere .  like carbon dioxide , it contributes to global warming .
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season in malaysia last month .  ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes are again likely to lead the way in china this weekend .  vettel saw off the challenge from mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in malaysia .
chris o ' dowd lashed out at gatwick airport after his son was frisked .  the 35 - year - old actor posted the tweet on his verified twitter account , which has 630 , 000 followers .  it came a day after he and his wife , dawn o  porter , attended an event in london .
annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies .  the mother - of - 13 is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated , using both donated sperm and eggs .  she said : ' i feel fit .  i don ' t think i will have any problems ' .
clinical psychologist ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , confirmed that shopping at ikea can cause serious friction between couples .  she revealed that so many couples admitted that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture , that she decided to include furniture assembly in her therapy sessions .  ' the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare , ' she said .
nicola horlick , 54 , whoraised six children while working in the city , says women should have babies early .  her eldest daughter georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12 .  she is disapproving of stay - at - home mothers because she believes the lifestyle will leave them twiddling their thumbs .
the footage was shot by a wildlife cruise company off the coast of pembrokeshire .  it backs up a recent study that grey seals have a penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy - packed fat .  and that far from scavenging on dead animals , they attack healthy creatures .  this is the first time they have been seen around britain .
nick loeb , 39 , says he ' s always ' dreamed ' of being a father .  he filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos .  the couple created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in november 2013 and they remain frozen at a beverly hills clinic .  loeb is a scion of the loeb and lehman families and his father ran the wall street investment firm loeb .
sabine smouha ' s 2 , 000 designer tote bag was hand - made in japan .  but when it arrived in britain in 2013 , customs officers confiscated it .  nile crocodiles are a protected species and didn ' t have the right documentation .
joanna biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety - not through tedious sociological analysis ( thank goodness ) she writes : ' the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds ' .  biggs : ' i frequently heard that people loved their jobs , and sometimes this worried me ' .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over - the - counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol .  it has been in use for more than 70 years , but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered .
little stella schaefer is being cared for in prison by heather mack , 19 .  mack allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von wiese - mack last august . she was found ' folded up ' in a suitcase , together with her boyfriend .  mack has admitted hitting victim with metal handle of a fruit bowl in self - defence .  lawyers for both americans said they rejected the premeditated charges .
the 44 - page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc .  executives then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used .  emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars .  the bbc also used a ' sad face ' emoticon to describe the death of the world ' s oldest woman , misao okawa , 117 , from japan this week .
burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday .  michael duff has backed sean dyche to one day take charge of england .  the 37 - year - old has played in eight different divisions since arriving at turf moor in october 2012 .
actress , 39 , wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along west sussex coast to protect her 3 . 25million beachside home .  natural england has recommended the planning application be refused - citing concerns it may result in the ' direct loss ' of natural habitat designated for rare and vulnerable birds , trees and wetlands .  it is unclear what effect the sea wall would have on a public footpath that runs along the bottom of the estate by the seashore .
the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin .  a number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6 . 7 on the richter scale , caused severe damage to the town  s infrastructure .  today the town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted .
six infrared cameras allow pilots to ' look through ' the air - frame .  when the pilot looks down , they see the world below them in their visor .  all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed , altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet ' s visor rather than the traditional ' heads - up display ' .  each piece of high - tech headgear costs nearly half a million dollars , which is reportedly millions over its original budget .
pj spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife tracy , who was told her life - long battle with lupus would kill her if she didn ' t get a transplant .  after a year of grueling dieting and exercise , pj was given the green light to assess whether he could donate his kidney to his wife .
woman armed with guns and hand grenades shot dead as she tried to attack istanbul ' s police headquarters on wednesday .  television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central aksaray neighbourhood .  attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people ' s liberation party - front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .
dave doggett believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals .  he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement .  mr doggett said there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ' gangs ' .
nicola sturgeon said she would work with ed miliband ' s left - wing backbenchers .  she also pledged to form alliances with greens and plaid cymru .  ' i don ' t think the country can afford more austerity , ' she said .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
officials in wuhan , the capital city of central china  s hubei province , have accused tourists of damaging a statue of yu the great ' s wife by fondling the woman ' s breast . the statue is to honour yu , who founded china ' s first xi in 2070 bc .  legend says yu and his wife were brought together by a nine - tailed fox that lead them to one another .
kyle toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula , california .  it measures a whopping 45ft in length , and sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft .  kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides .
adam lyth was one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean .  the yorkshire forward hit back in that match seven years ago with a second - innings of 132 .  wisden later called him ' the find of the season ' .
daniel filmus , argentina ' s secretary of state for the islands , said military conflict ' belongs to the past ' .  he said britain ' s decision to increase military spending in the south atlantic was ' gunboat diplomacy ' .  mr filmus said : ' the united kingdom can count on argentina as an ally ' .
paul downton was sacked as ecb managing director after a dismal world cup this year .  alastair cook seems in a really happy place and excited to be back around the group .  broad admits he was sorry to see downton leave his role in the ecb .
danielle davis , 24 , refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst . daisy , now eight weeks old , suffers from anopthalmia , a rare condition which means ' lack of eyes ' .  daisy will never be able to see , but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons .
the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him .  as the tornado sweeps past mr smith says that the truck felt like it was going to lift off the ground .  fortunately the tornado passes leaving mr smith unharmed and his truck intact .
deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow ' s mouth to silence her .  she also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff : ' my son said if they do it to you , you can do it ' .  roberts was found guilty of one count of ill - treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two - day trial - but avoided a prison sentence .
steven gerrard has already agreed to join mls side la galaxy .  kolo toure is also out of contract and considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal .  raheem sterling is embroiled in a contract stand - off with manchester city .  jordan henderson agreed a new 100 , 000 - a - week deal until 2020 .
zermatt in the upper valais area of switzerland has imposed the ban .  animal welfare charity claims the dogs are being kept in ' miserable conditions ' .  the town has been calling for the town to ban the use of the dogs for years .
the 25 - year - old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday .  the british royal , who is currently working in new york , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row .
the yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar .  it has been hitting all the right notes , developing a reputation as a haven for wine lovers and wine lovers .  the five - star hotel in vila nova de gaia boasts a high - vaulted wooden ceiling , copper jacuzzi , ceiling and a rotating bed .
karen buckley died of head and neck injuries , according to her death certificate .  her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm , near milngavie , east dunbartonshire .  former private schoolboy alexander pacteau , 21 , charged with murder .  he was remanded in custody at glasgow sheriff court today .
carlo ancelotti has been linked with a return to the premier league .  the former chelsea boss said he expects to be in charge for at least another year .  barcelona , real , atletico madrid and valencia all play within six hours of each other on saturday .  juventus manager massoliano allegri has warned his players not to gamble with their season .
juan mata scored both goals as manchester united overturned liverpool ' s 2 - 1 win at liverpool .  the attacking midfielder has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the spain squad after missing out since the world cup .  mata has been excluded from the squad since their group exit from the 2014 world cup in brazil .
belgian food blogger yves van de ven , 37 , posted a picture online of him ' missing ' the top of the eiffel tower .  the 37 - year - old said he thought it would be hilarious to make fun of the typical pictures with famous landmarks .  since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up comically connecting his finger with the tip of the tower .
newcastle have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth - placed manchester city .  john carver says his players need to relieve the pressure on their shoulders .  the magpies have not added to their points tally of 35 since they beat aston villa on february 28 .
andy murray beat dominic thiem 3 - 6 6 - 4 , 6 - 1 to reach the miami open semi - finals .  the world no 4 will face new brit aljaz bedene in the semi - final .  murray was awaiting the winner from the match between tomas berdych and argentina ' s juan monaco .
robert butler was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston .  the 43 - year - old was accompanied by his medical team to monitor his health .  the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast .
joel ward has signed a new three - and - a - half year deal at crystal palace .  the 25 - year - old has impressed at both left and right back this season .  ward cites alan pardew as a major factor in his decision to sign a new deal .
paige vanzant was awarded an individual contract with reebok .  the 21 - year - old beat felice herrig in just her second ufc fight .  the strawweight said : ' it ' s like my birthday every time i walk out to the cage ' .
the nine - year - old girl was attacked by a lion in namtsy , in the sakha republic .  the circus is believed to have left the village abruptly after the attack .  photographs show the lion being walked around by a circus worker .  in another she is shown walking the animal and appears to be attempting to drag it across a wet and icy road using a makeshift leash .
carwyn scott - howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother .  it is thought he may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel hotel in flaine , near brecon , wales .  his family said his death left them feeling ' utter devastation ' with a ' vast void in our hearts ' .
alison saunders , 54 , sparked outrage when she decided lord janner should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia .  newly - released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years .
brian gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ' stop digging ' when he reported possible paedophile ring at northern ireland children ' s home .  he spoke out during meeting with victim richard kerr , who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ' very powerful ' figures .
a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in dungog , in the hunter region of new south wales , where three elderly people were found dead .  screams were heard in video footage of commuters who tried to brave the ferry crossing from manly to the city on one of few ferries .
graham leonard was flying on a priavet charter eastern airways flight into aberdeen .  he burst into song for fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin and gins .  he then caused an airport to be evacuated after setting off the fire alarm .  leonard , 46 , admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers .  sheriff edward savage said he was keeping ' all options open ' .
paul casey has returned to the world ' s top 50 after leaving the european tour to concentrate on the pga tour .  the englishman gave up his membership after deciding in january to get back into the top 50 .  casey last played in the ryder cup competition in 2004 and 2006 .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her passionate videos .
paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the masters .  the englishman got in due to staying in the world ' s top 50 .  casey finished sixth on his masters debut in 2004 .
richard hammond and james may axed from top gear website .  website now features an image of the stig on the top of the page .  it comes just over a week after jeremy clarkson was sacked for ' unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer .  bbc say change is to ' simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show ' .
francis saili has signed a two - year deal with munster .  the 24 - year - old currently plays for auckland - based super rugby side the blues .  saili was part of the new zealand under 20 side that won the junior world championship in italy in 2011 .
anastasia pavlyuchenkova beat germany ' s sabine lisicki 4 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 4 ) , 6 - 3 .  svetlana kuznetsova had earlier beaten julia goerges in straight sets .  russia are on the brink of making the fed cup final with a 2 - 0 lead .
jack black the friendly jackdaw was hand - reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers .  he ' ll also accompany the local children as they walk to school  perched on their shoulders .  the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack and keep up to date with his daily activities .
luke shaw says ashley young is the biggest joker in manchester united ' s dressing room .  shaw said the players still laugh at the time young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against swansea .  the left back has suffered a number of injuries since arriving at old trafford .
app allows users to analyse image found on bing or upload their own .  allows them to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are .  site incorrectly guessed 30 - year - old khloe kardashian ' s age as 34 .
louis van gaal and manchester united have turned down offers from asia and australia .  united played four games in america last pre - season .  the club have agreed once again to rake part in the international champions cup that they won last summer by beating liverpool in a final in miami .
paul warren smith , 61 , is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five , 3 - week - old puppies over a six - foot fence at the pet place in marshall .  smith is seen in the video flinging a puppy over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely that the puppies landed on its feet .  all five puppies are healthy and uninjured ; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old .
elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave .  images were taken in the kruger national park in south africa .  the area is home to 147 different types of mammals , 507 birds , 114 reptiles and 34 amphibians .
dame sally davies is concerned at the number of children suffering from rickets .  rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d and causes bone deformities .  the disease was virtually eradicated after the second world war .
two 49 - year - old women and a man were removed from the plane before it left bristol for faro around 7pm yesterday .  bristol airport confirmed the drunk passengers ' actions caused further delays to the ryanair flight .  this comes only days after ryanair took the step of banning passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between glasgow and ibiza out of concerns for safety and comfort .
annah sophia stevenson , from new zealand , found a cockroach in her big mac .  the 26 - year - old was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect ' s shell .  the mother of one took to her facebook account to post the alarming discovery .  mcdonald ' s have organised to pick up the evidence in order to aid their investigation .
passengers ' hand luggage will be searched before they board at glasgow prestwick airport .  ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision .  passengers who are caught trying to conceal alcohol will be denied travel without refund or compensation .
the property was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 .  it boasts six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies , a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house .  the property , called ' alkira , ' which is aboriginal for bright and sunny , has been on the market for over a year .
petr cech looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season .  the gunners are long - term admirers of cech and are considering a move for the keeper ahead of next season .  liverpool , paris saint - germain , roma and inter milan are all showing an interest in the 32 - year - old .
a mysterious benefactor has donated 1 . 5million to bath abbey .  the cash will be put towards the abbey ' s restoration fund .  the church has been granted 10 . 4million of heritage lottery funding .
archaeologists at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa .  they found that without fire , a group of neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did .
tiger woods was spotted dancing while he practised at augusta national .  the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music .  woods will also play in the traditional masters warm - up , the par - 3 contest , for the first time in 11 years on wednesday .
aeman presley , 34 , faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta , another man sleeping outdoors in dekalb county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur .  presley settled into a homeless shelter in decatur and worked small food service jobs , but when his money ran low , he bought a taurus . 45 revolver ' on the street ' to use in robberies , according to court documents .
luo kun kun was expelled from his village when he was just five years old .  the five - year - old contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant .  he has now been admitted to a specialist school in linfen , china .  the red ribbon school is the only school in china equipped to look after and educate hiv - positive children .
munira khalif from minnesota , stefan stoykov from indiana , and harold ekeh from new york , say they have their parents ' hard work to thank .
nick cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ' ill treatment ' of blanca cousins .  it is alleged that his filipino partner , grace garcia cousins , 53 , had overstayed her visa by 20 years .  mr cousins was also questioned over claims that his partner , 53 - year - old grace , had never registered her births .  he was released on bail pending a second court hearing .
marisa curlen , 20 , a sophomore at james madison university in virginia , was found dead in her dormitory room friday .  police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death , but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play .  curlen ' s sudden passing left her hometown in westchester county reeling as she became the third member of rye high school ' s 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year .
emma walker , 15 , became obsessed with the ' perfect body ' .  within months her weight had plummeted to five - and - a - half stone .  she was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling .  her mother kim said she wants to help other anorexia sufferers .  she said : ' i wouldn ' t want anyone to go through what i went through ' .
disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits .  they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger ' s head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms . one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog in a security vest that was seen resting beside a seat .
a recently released affidavit reveals that xiaoming gao was paid ' thousands of dollars ' to provide information on u . s . persons .  that information was provided to individuals she thought to be chinese intelligence officers .  gao admitted to the meetings , and also admitted to reporting on her ' social contact ' in the united states .
arsenal beat reading 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .  alexis sanchez has scored three goals in his last three matches .  the chilean is shortlisted for the pfa player of the year .
sale sharks beat gloucester 23 - 6 in their aviva premiership clash .  danny cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby .  sale are currently seventh in the league standings .  steve diamond ' s side will face london irish , harlequins , newcastle and exeter in the coming weeks .
john higgins beat judd trump 5 - 4 to move into the quarter - finals .  the veteran scot will face defending champion ding junhui in the last eight .  world no 1 mark selby was also a 5 - 2 winner over david gilbert .
marianne power attended anthony robbins ' unleash the power within seminarwhichhich claims to ' discover how to identify what it is you really want ' .  the mood is tribal .  i feel as if we  re on our way to a ritual killing .
fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying 105 migrants from libya to sicily .  witnesses say they were thrown to their deaths after fight over religion .  group of 15 muslim men arrested on suspicion of ' multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate ' .  they are from ivory coast , senegal , mali and guinea bissau .
the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last wednesday .  the officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown dallas campus .  the school reportedly won ' t say why the teens were stopped and frisked , but adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted .
hanghang was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it .  he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs .  experts believe there are three main reasons a phone may explode like this .
children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory .  scientists at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours .  the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention , select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task .
scott kemery , 44 , was rushed to hospital with first and second degree burns .
newcastle lost 2 - 0 at liverpool in the premier league on monday night .  ayoze perez was brought down by a reckless challenge from dejan lovren .  sky sports pundit gary neville could not believe a spot kick was not awarded to the magpies .
manuel garza jr . received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john ' rocky ' riojas in february 2001 .  he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in texas this year .  the u . s . supreme court had refused in november to review his case , and no last - day appeals were filed before his execution .
the proposed 30million , three - year contract for an emirates fa cup , gives the fa the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world  s most famous club knockout tournament .  the figures range from 1 , 150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the 1 . 8million either aston villa or arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on may 30 .  the numbers will not register for premier league clubs awash with tv money .
tornado took place near belle glade in palm beach county , but did not cause any damage , the weather channel reported .  the news comes after a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon .  winds , tornadoes , and hail were forecast to be potential issues from friday through sunday .
william kerr absconded from a bail hostel in hull after being released from hmp stocken in rutland in january .  the 53 - year - old strangled maureen comfort and put her body in a cupboard 20 years ago .  ms comfort was last seen alive on december 4 , 1995 .
dick advocaat will welcome lee cattermole back to the heart of his sunderland team .  the 27 - year - old enforcer has missed the last two games through suspension .  sunderland are just a point clear of the premier league relegation zone .
britain ' s got talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow .  auditions will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen .  simon cowell , david walliams , amanda holden and alesha dixon have all said they are looking forward to finding fresh talent .  we look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the programme .
five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning .  four of the men , all in their 20s , are from birmingham , west midlands .  a 26 - year - old man and a 23 - year .  - old woman of no fixed abode were also arrested .  searches are taking place at a number of addresses in birmingham .
lewis hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes .  bernie ecclestone has called hamilton in for talks at his office in bahrain .  the 84 - year - old said that only small details need finalising .  hamilton is putting his contract negotiations to one side in an attempt to extend his 13 - point lead over vettel in the drivers  championship .
noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60 - year - old husband , robert ellis , at their home in bali last october .  his body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and was dumped in a ditch in a rice field .  mrs ellis told a court that she wanted to teach him a lesson because he refused to give her money or grant her a divorce .
mackenzie moretter , of shakopee , minnesota , has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome .  she told her parents she wanted a ' big - girl party ' for her tenth birthday .  this meant inviting friends , but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not rsvp .  more than 700 people joined an event titled , ' mackenzie ' s birthday party ' .
kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on from washington after seven years of acting as the first lady ' s go - to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks .  the spelman college graduate says she did not share michelle ' s love of d . c . workout craze solidcore .
coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford .  fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and spent an hour trying to douse the flames .  the fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
michael van gerwen beat james wade 7 - 0 in the betway premier league .  gary anderson won his top - of - the - table clash against the dutchman .  raymond van barneveld beat dave chisnall and phil taylor drew 6 - 6 with adrian lewis .
the 18 - year - old was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago .  he is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers .  three detention officers were taken to a nearby hospital , and two of them had been knocked out on the ground .  the inmate , who did not have any prior incidents of bad behavior , was not immediately affected by four taser shots .
bournemouth take on sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium on saturday .  eddie howe has called on supporters to inspire the cherries to win promotion .  second - placed norwich face fourth - placed middlesbrough on friday night .
altercation involving captain and co - pilot erupted while plane was scheduled to take off .  air india insists altercation was limited to a verbal argument .  captain of flight ai611 complained that the captain had misbehaved and struck him , the times of india reported .  reports suggest the captain was assaulted after asking the captain to record information before take - off .  indian aviation officials have launched an investigation to determine whether any of the parties involved should be disciplined .
survey of 1 , 000 people conducted by personal budgeting software company youneedabudget . com . 64 per cent of adults think they spend more than they shop with friends .  nearly two - thirds of americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and has completed one and a quarter marathons a day .  the 35 - year - old is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16 , 300 - mile epic journey on thursday .  if he is successful , mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss by 24 hours .
mario balotelli was not included in liverpool ' s squad to face arsenal .  the 16million striker would only have been a substitute against arsenal .  brendan rodgers revealed he withdrew himself from the squad .
massimiliano allegri had an average age of 30years and 64days .  andrea pirlo played 74 minutes against monaco before being replaced by andrea barzagli .  inter milan hold the record for fielding the champions league ' s oldest starting line - up .
the phone belonged to bella crooke who lost it at a friend ' s birthday party .  police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and puns on the woman ' s facebook page .  while waiting for bella to collect her phone , the original post had already garnered a humorous response from her friends and officers .
virgil van dijk scored a superb free - kick for celtic in the extra - time .  josh meekings equalised for the parkhead side with a shot parried across goal the face of goal .  celtic face falkirk in the william hill scottish cup final on may 30 .  the standard of scottish refereeing remains an ongoing embarrassment .
tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test . keeping fresh herbs in the freezer will intensify their flavour because they take on moisture during the freezing process .  tough herbs such as garlic and thyme preserve the best , but ginger , lemongrass , garlic and chilli will last up to six months when frozen .
haley and kev mulholland still share a house in bristol , greater manchester .  the mother - of - eight says she does not want any other woman to have him either .
officer ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was caught on camera throwing 27 - year - old viviana keith , 27 , to the ground of a parking lot on tuesday .  johnson claims keith was resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take - down , however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story .
philippe coutinho hit the only goal of the game as liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1 - 0 in the fa cup semi - finals .  jordan henderson had not slept the night before the game .  brendan rodgers revealed henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the fixture once the baby had arrived .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re - election .  west mercia police say it is investigating reports of breach of representation of the people act 1983 .
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left .  he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store protecting the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities .  just seconds later he began firing into the air and pointed the weapon at an officer at one point .  walmart meanwhile claims the rifle had been properly locked .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .  francis coquelin has made 23 appearances for the gunners this season .  the 23 - year - old has cemented his place in protecting the back four .  robin van persie scored a hat - trick in a 5 - 3 victory at stamford bridge .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
sim bhullar is set to become the nba ' s first player of indian descent .  the 22 - year - old centre will be on the roster on friday when the kings host the new orleans pelicans .
paris saint - germain face nice in ligue 1 on saturday .  captain thiago silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury .  david luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from injury .
manchester united legends gary neville , phil neville and paul scholes joined manchester thunder netball team to promote superleague semi - finals .  the thunder are coached by gary and phil ' s sister tracey neville , who will take over as england coach at the end of the season .  phil neville tweeted : ' things you do for your sister ' .
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself .  the five - year - old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property .  neighbours used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her suffocating .
deshane beckford impressed on trial with west ham ' s academy .  the 17 - year - old has been linked with a host of european clubs .  beckford is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the caribbean .
nick clegg admitted his wife miriam makes the big decisions in their household .  couple were asked why they decided to remain in their 1 . 5million family home .  but the move was vetoed by his wife , miriam , who uses her maiden name .  they believe that choosing to stay in their family home has stopped them from becoming cut off from the rest of the world .
president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s . truman , who left office 62 years ago .  in his first six years , obama will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of japan , on april 28 , and china , later in the year .
peter gale was fired from his position at nonsuch high school for girls in cheam .  he was appointed to run the school in september 2013 after karin rowsell ' s departure .  the school counts singer katie melua amongst its alumnae .
the 31 - year - old rapper was filmed performing in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict - ravaged city of benghazi .  calling himself ' volcano ' , the musician was filmed wearing hip hop - style clothing as he stands in a backstreet truck that has been modified to carry a massive machine gun .
jordon ibe has broken into the first team set - up this season .  the 19 - year - old is currently out with a knee injury .  liverpool face newcastle in their next premier league outing .
theresa may said police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category .  new requirement will create first accurate picture of extent of hate crimes in britain .  charities say there has been a steady rise of anti - muslim hate crimes since 9 / 11 .
directv has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob rob lowe after complaints by rival comcast . the cable company complained to the better business bureau ' s national advertising division ( nad ) that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign ' s claims couldn ' t be substantiated .
finley lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular heterotopia - which means many of his ' grey matter ' cells have not migrated to the correct position .  he is also highly likely to suffer heart , lung and bowel problems .
bryan santana , 20 , of orlando , florida , was found guilty of first - degree murder on thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison .  he removed all the lightbulbs of shelby fazio , 23 , before waiting for the young woman to return , killing her and then abusing her body .  he then killed and mutilated her dog , and wrote messages in blood on the wall , including : ' i ' m not sorry for what i did ' .
jenson button returns to the mclaren garage after retiring from the race .  the british driver says mclaren ' still has a long way to go ' .  button and fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit .
matilda kahl has worn the same outfit to work every day for three years .
everton ' s first - team players attended the annual ' academy day ' at finch farm .  the likes of leon osman , phil jagielka , ross barkley and romelu lukaku were present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent .  tyias browning , who made his senior debut earlier this season , said the experience rekindled fond memories for him .
sea shepherd vessel thunder sunk off the coast of africa on monday .  captain peter hammarstedt said the captain of the ship ' started applauding and cheering ' when his vessel ' s distress signals were sounded .  he said : ' i took to be very unusual behaviour and further evidence that he deliberately sank his own vessel ' .  thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean .
susan house , 55 , was out walking her dogs at the time of the blast . she returned to find it looking like a bomb site , with rubble strewn across her garden and her belongings left exposed to the elements .  emergency services believe it was caused by a gas leak because the house is supplied by a propane tank .  miss house ' s father , george house , said : ' due to it being bank holiday there is nothing we can do with it at the moment ' .
new tests pinpoint genetic ' markers ' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness .  women can be told within days they have a high or low risk of the disease returning .  for some women , the prospect of chemotherapy is more daunting than the odds for those who have chemotherapy .  most of the tests are available only privately and cost about 2 , 500 .
apryl foster , 33 , was last seen leaving a bar alone in ybor city , florida , on february 12 .  autopsy results show she was intoxicated when she drove into the water and ultimately drowned .  foster ' s blood alcohol level was 0 . 18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , as well as thc , the active ingredient in marijuana .
juventus striker carlos tevez is yet to make a decision on his future .  the 31 - year - old ' s future was thrown into doubt when boca juniors president daniel angelici claimed he was ' close to bringing carlos home ' .  tevez scored during boca juniors ' 2 - 0 win over river plate in 2004 .
long - running motoring show took up first , second , third and fifth spots in top five .  viewing figures come a week after jeremy clarkson was dismissed from bbc .  four episodes in february were watched a total of 9 , 047 , 000 times .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
located in the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the open - air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night .  as the country ' s drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels , its markets pull in anyone looking to get high .  some of whom once held jobs , had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions .
rilie carey , from salem , oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool .  she was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it .  but as the rhyme continues , the number of ducks returning to their mother increases .  the 25 - year - old posted the video on facebook with the caption : ' my daughter learned a new song at school yesterday and can ' t quite get through it without crying ' .
jackson byrnes , 18 , underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on wednesday .  his family are ' over the moon ' that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be .  renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo was the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation that will hopefully buy jackson more time .
madison small , from ashburn , virginia , woke up in the night with a severe headache and was rushed to hospital .  by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the run high school school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away .  the bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to become inflamed .  it is the school system ' s first confirmed case in two years .
chancellor met george the hoover at a campaign stop in somerset .  he was given a tour of the numatic factory where the machines are built .  the blue version of the popular vaccum brand was unveiled during mr osborne ' s visit to the factory .  david cameron had earlier been joined by the tv star karren brady to highlight a series of deals with big businesses to create 16 , 000 new apprenticeships .
max maisel went missing on february 21 and was last seen leaving his car .  the 21 - year - old ' s body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on monday .  the family , from fairfield , connecticut , have owned a five - bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999 .
nicola sturgeon had asked cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood to investigate memo .  snp leader has denied telling french ambassador sylvie bermann .  would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10 .  ms sturgeon claimed story was a sign of ' panic ' within westminster establishment over surge of support for her party .
jose mourinho insists jurgen klopp is not coming to take his job .  the german has been tipped to make the move to england next season .  chelsea boss mark hughes forecast that k .lo ' s pedigree in european competition would work in his favour .
samantha cameron has ruled out having another baby in number 10 .  she and husband david cooed over seven - week - old regan in chorley , lancashire .  mr cameron said : ' come on darling , maybe another one ? ' .
restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother .  but city officials are now demanding he be sent back to live on the farm .  smokey admitted that smokey is like a ' dog which has not been potty trained ' .
painting depicts nicola sturgeon as dominatrix in a short red dress and whip in hand .  but instead of being offended , ms sturgeon is ' tickled ' by the image .  it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband , peter murrell .  murrell is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman  on the brink of holding the balance of power .
mercury is set to rise steadily until friday , when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c ( 70f ) or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far .  england , wales , scotland and northern ireland each recorded their warmest days of the year .
the newly - opened maison souquet is located just steps from the famed moulin rouge theatre .  the 20 - room hotel boasts a swimming pool beneath a plush ceiling of ' stars ' and can be booked out for private use .  the five - star hotel describes itself as a ' temple to hedonism ' and is meant to represent the luxe parisian lifestyle .
charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body is low on vitamin b6 .
the images were posted on social media , including the shomoukh al - islam jihadi forum , under the title leveling graves and erasing pagan symbols .  the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration .  it said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased .
reigning masters champion bubba watson admits he must ' improve as a man ' .  watson got double the number of responses of second - place finisher patrick reed ( 11 per cent ) , with rory sabbatini third and robert allenby fourth .  watson has won two green jackets but not a popularity contest among his peers .
scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces .  in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby .  researchers said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance .
harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland in new york city on wednesday .  the play is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp .  ambra battilana claimed weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt during a meeting at his office in march .
pahoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz .  it has a ' lightweight chassis ' and is 3 . 2ft ( 1 metre ) tall .  it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially - designed attachment .  a child is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position .  the parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy .
benito gonzalez jr . , 46 , was suspended from duty in may 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a cherry hill starbucks .  the father - of - three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay .  gonzalez claims the incident is the culmination of a three - year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago .
prince harry is leaving the army in june , where he will begin a month - long attachment with the australian defence force .  he will visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier , both in canberra .  the flight was staged to support the royal foundation  s endeavour fund and a new spitfire training scholarship for wounded servicemen .
liana barrientos , 39 , of the bronx , is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her ' services ' .  the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station on friday instead of paying for a metro card .  she was granted the new charge of theft of service , and was released without any bail being set .
swansea city host everton at liberty stadium ( saturday 12 . 45pm ) angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months .  romelu lukaku is a major doubt for everton ' s trip to swansea .
paul bramley , 28 , died when andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside .  but girlfriend anneli tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame the co - pilot .  she said she had researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it .
lewis hamilton took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish shelby cobra .  the 23 - year - old half - brother of lewis , who suffers from the neurological condition cerebral palsy , posted the first image on facebook .  nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at croft circuit in june .
laura sumner , 24 , was given ten days to leave the country after being fined 23 . 50 for an alleged visa violation .  russian media reports have branded her ' agent sumner ' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot .
shivnarine chanderpaul is a throwback to when test cricket was true to its roots .  steve davis failed in his bid to qualify for the world championships at the age of 57 .  jamie carragher and gary neville ' s analysis is often a better watch than the game they ' re commenting on .
mohonk mountain house in new york ' s hudson valley is a faux - gothic victorian castle .  the hotel sits on the fringes of the monumental shawangunk ridge , a vast cliff band that runs down through pennsylvania to new jersey .
nick clegg said there was a ' very real danger ' that ukip and northern ireland ' s dup could hold mr cameron to ' ransom ' in the event of a second hung parliament .  remarks come after mr farage held out an olive branch to the pm last night - as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government .
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son ' s murder trial .  the interview comes just days after he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after lloyd was convicted of lloyd ' s killing .
trio were caught on camera kicking off wing mirrors , destroying headlights and smashing windscreens with a large cinder block .  owner freddy ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work at the la marina auto sales , in dearborn heights , michigan .  around 30 vehicles were said to have been damaged , with the repair bill totalling up to $ 20 , 000 .
cetaphil gentle cleanser currently costs 6 . 74 at boots .  it is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients .  dermatologistsis developed it for people with highly sensitive skin .  often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 - 1 at selhurst park on monday .  alan pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at newcastle and crystal palace .  the english manager ' s former club have since plummeted in the premier league .  john carver has picked up just nine points in his 12 games in charge .
the couple , who have not been named , were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in south west houston .  during the heat of the argument the man tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her over .  police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him .
millie elia , an eighth - grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died on saturday after a rappelling accident in mount cheaha state park , alabama .  the teenager had been rapling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell .  the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail . com on monday .  the teen was part of the advanced symphonic band , the national junior honor society and the science club .
tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties in islington , north london .  inside , the narrow house is only 5ft wide in some areas , a little over the size of a rugby player ' s shoulders .  estate agency blurb described the property as ' well proportioned ' and said it is now under offer .  at a price of 750 , 000 , the buyer will have to pay 27 , 000 in stamp duty - the same as a second - hand narrow boat .
floyd mayweather is set to face manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .  the god question did not faze him : ' i also believe in god .  i ' ve been blessed in my life .  i love god and i don ' t believe god takes sides ' .
the kennel club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers .  around 56 , 000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 .  painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning .
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay .  liverpool hope to convince the 21 - year - old that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial .  psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title in seven years .
catherine gerhardt teaches the children to follow ice : ignore , communicate and exit to deter bullies .  an internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ' flamer ' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response .  ms gerhardt also advises adults and children who witness others being ' flamed , ' to employ ' act ' .
pupil xiao gao has not spoken a word in five days after a classmate gave him the water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust . he is now awaiting further medical examination as well as an appointment with a psychologist . medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water , perfume and dust should not have caused that type of damage .  gao ' s form teacher was informed of his condition and immediately notified his family before taking him to hospital .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , sat down for an interview with barbara walters on the eve of their 10 - year wedding anniversary .  the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when he was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship .  she was found having sex with him in her car and fell pregnant with their first daughter while on bail in 1997 .
orana wildlife park in new zealand is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage .
vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ' unchecked ' .  she made the announcement on the day a study found 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on twitter .  anti - bullying campaigners have also long complained that twitter is a sanctuary for trolls who post hateful abuse behind the veil of anonymity .
massimo luongo was player of the tournament during australia ' s successful asian cup in january .  tim sherwood is close to swindon chairman lee power .  swindon are currently fourth in league one with three games to play .
arsenal beat burnley 2 - 0 in their premier league clash at turf moor .  aaron ramsey ' s early goal put them ahead and burnley didn ' t create too many clear - cut chances .  ben mee was booked in the first half for a blatant block on aaron ramsey .
qantas could be fined 20 , 000 [ $ au38 , 336 ] for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .  the australian airline could also be facing a massive 20k fine , that ' s more than $ $ 38 , 000 .  the airline ' s on time performance rating at heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of february .
sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber .  you should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack .  ninety - one per cent of britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep .
paul tudor jones ii , the billionaire founder of tudor investment corporation , bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week .  the mediterranean - style home was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access , as well as a tennis court , movie theater , swimming pool and gym .
michelle heale of tom ' s river , new jersey claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012 .  when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy .  she now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment .
taffee the shetland pony was battered round the head with a breeze block .  her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain .
tiger woods played in the annual par - 3 contest for the first time since 2004 .  he said : ' have fun , enjoy it , and don ' t win .  no matter what .  i ' ve been six - under through eight , and just happen to hit two balls in the water on nine ' .
tiger woods has played just three tournaments so far this year .  the 7ft 6in former houston rockets centre towered over his tutor .  woods has confirmed he will return to the pga tour on may 7 .
alexis sanchez ' s low shot squirmed through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici .  garath mccleary ' s volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny , who could only palm the ball back over the line .  sami mokbel rated the players ' performances at wembley at wembley .
sales of manny pacquiao t - shirts , boxing gloves , caps and jackets have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather .  retailers are struggling to meet demand and prices are rising heavily for items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history .
juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for a fee of 23m from fiorentina .  wilfried bony has netted only one goal as manchester city have slipped out of the title race .  swansea ' s edin dzeko has scored more premier league goals than any other player in 2014 .
wally the wallaby was thrown from his mother ' s pouch when she was hit by a car .  he has been to two weddings , a ninth birthday party and has kayaked up the murray river and the sea at wallaroo .  samantha wills , from williamstown in south australia , said her family are enjoying their time with crash while he is small .
joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title .  chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city with eight games left to play .  hart is a good example of the adage one should never give in .
franck ribery worked under louis van gaal at bayern munich in 2009 .  the french winger claims the dutchman lost the players ' trust . ribery also claims real madrid tried to sign him in 2009 , only to be persuaded to stay in germany after being told he was as important to bayern as lionel messi was to barcelona .
louise nesbitt called her boss ' a complete d * * * ' in a text meant for her daughter ' s boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm .  she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents .  she was fired five days after the incident , with her employer saying it was due to ' gross misconduct ' .
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope .  they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays .  a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres .  the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .
travelling by private jet is a growing trend , with 2 . 5 million private flights recorded in the us in 2013 and 705 , 000 in europe .  the busiest weekends for private jets are the super bowl in america and the monaco grand prix in america .
scientists from massachusetts general hospital and harvard medical school used an iphone 4s in their tests meaning an 8mp camera is enough .  when clumped around a diseased cell , these microbeads bind to any cancerous cells in the sample , changing the way light passes through it .  they have already tested their device to detect cervical cancer in tissue samples obtained during smear tests .
ed miliband will pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election .  he will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in a ' time of scarcity ' .  labour ' s manifesto contains a commitment on its first page to a ' budget responsibility lock ' .
cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from charlie adam .  the chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam ' s flailing arm during their 2 - 1 win over jose mourinho ' s side .  the 27 - year - old joked that he could finally get his nose fixed .
army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 .  authorities initially classed mass murder as  workplace violence  but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism .  earlier this year , it was ruled that victims will be honored with purple hearts - awarded in the name of the president to those wounded or killed , while serving .  one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty .
carlos colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault , battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body .  remains , including a torso and limbs , first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of massachusetts institute of technology .  authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide , though colina has not been charged with murder .
alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of fred hatch , 76 , in the communal garden .  mr hatch ' s wife went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the garden .  she discovered hatch standing over the bloodied body of her husband .  she then discovered her husband standing over her husband ' s body .  rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced today .
england drawn with republic of ireland , holland and italy at uefa under 17 european championships .  john peacock ' s young lions are the defending european champions .  tournament will take place in east bulgarian venues of burgas , sozopol , sliven and stara zagora between may 6 and 22 .
remington ' remi ' walden , four , was killed when his family ' s jeep grand cherokee exploded into flames in march 2012 .  walden , of bainbridge , georgia , was hit from behind by a pickup truck .  jurors in decatur county , georgia ruled on thursday that the suv manufacturer , chrysler , acted with reckless disregard for human life .  the verdict came nearly two years after chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled - down recall of some older - model jeeps .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 3 - 3 at allianz arena on tuesday night .  robert lewandowski scored a hat - trick of goals for the home side .  jerome boateng scored his second goal of the night to level the tie .
laura scurr , 15 , was left on a heart machine after she collapsed through starvation and was rushed to intensive care .  she has spoken out about pressures on young girls to be a ' size zero ' .  has spoken about the pressures she would hide down the side of her bed , lying to her mother about eating and eating about 100 calories a day .  she said : ' i was bullied a little bit because of my weight , people saying things like ' here comes the whale ' .
alex mowatt has impressed in the championship this season .  the 20 - year - old has impressed this season scoring nine goals .  steve bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent this summer .
ian gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago .  the 60 - year - old is suing h and g contracting services ltd after he was nicknamed ' hoppy ' by a colleague .  he claims bosses failed to make his job easier after the pain in his knee became too excruciating .
protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t - cells , which have the ability to detect cancerous cells , hunt them down , and destroy them .  imperial college london has already applied to patent the therapy .  they say it could be ready for human trials within three years .
george davon kennedy of dekalb , georgia , a student at middle tennessee state university was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city .  he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week .  authorities previously arrested a pair of students from alabama ' s troy university who were allegedly seen in the video .
elton john and rem michael stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates .  last week , the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate ' s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .
nigel farage told itv ' s julie etchingham he ' always questioned authority ' .  the 51 - year - old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer .  he also discussed the impact of his father leaving home when he was five .
keri davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post - coital conversations sound convincing .  he said parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations .  actor charles collingwood also defended the show  s editor sean o  connor who has been criticised for  sexing up  the traditional radio serial .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
dani alves ' contract expires in the summer with manchester united and liverpool among europe ' s top clubs keeping tabs on the full - back ' s availability .  dinorah santana has revealed there is a deal on the table from the spanish giants offering to extend the 31 - year - old ' s contract at the nou camp .
cate mcgregor , now group captain in the royal australian air force , spent 40 years in the army , most of those under the name malcolm .  prime minister tony abbott publicly backed her by introducing her on abc ' s australian story , when she detailed her struggles as a man and then as a trans - woman .  ms mcgregor tried to resign from the office of former chief of army david morrison when her transformation became public .
mario mandzukic was the centre of attention in on - pitch scraps with sergio ramos , raphael varane and carvajal during the champions league quarter - final first leg at the vicente calderon .  paul scholes claimed the atletico star was over - reacting to the challenges made on him .  scholes criticised the striker for ' making a meal of a few things ' .
kevin pietersen returned to nets at surrey on monday for the first time since resigning for surrey last month .  the 34 - year - old tweeted a picture of the pitch with the caption : ' in the office today .  oval ' .  pietersen is expected to step - up his county rehabilitation with a three - day warm - up against oxford mccu on april 12 .
leza davies , from telford , shropshire , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence .  the 33 - year - old saved up 4 , 000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look .  she was told her cancer treatment would leave her infertile .  but remarkably , she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing treatment .
love - struck pooches led up the aisle by owners to  exchange vows  and receive marriage certificates . organisers said the wedding was designed to give pets and their owners a day to remember .
cesc fabregas opened the scoring for queens park rangers in the 87th minute .  matt phillips doubled chelsea ' s advantage in the second half .  charlie austin doubled the visitors advantage with a header .
james faulkner has signed a deal to join lancashire for the bulk of this summer .  the australia all - rounder will replace compatriot peter siddle .  faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand .
victoria ayling , who is running for the key election seat of great grimsby , made the comments after being confronted by ukip over her non - attendance at ukip meetings .  lieutenant colonel ron shepherd , leader of ukip ' s north east lincolnshire group , launched an investigation .
tryster turned on the after burners to race to victory in the coral easter classic at lingfield .  the four - year - old beat complicit to complete a 22 - 1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby .  jockey william buick predicted great things to come from the winter derby winner .
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for ivorian midfielder yaya toure and samir nasri this summer .  the premier league champions are also open to allowing nasri to leave the etihad stadium .  aleksandar kolarov and striker edin dzeko are also short of admirers .
alex hales has nine england caps since his debut against india last august . the 26 - year - old has played in only five of england ' s subsequent 18 matches .  hales says he is still waiting for a ' proper crack ' at one - day international cricket .
the dark web is a subsection of the deep web that does not show up in searches or on social media .  it is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods online without being found by traditional search engines .  the anonymous and encrypted nature of it has attracted large amounts of illegal activity .  a 16 - year - old girl was also arrested but later released without charge .
vonda thedford , 55 , was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground .  when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ' little toes ' and ' hair on its tail ' .  desperate to unravel the mystery , she revisited the dead animal .
real madrid beat celta vigo 4 - 2 at the bernabeu on sunday .  javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts for real madrid .  the 26 - year - old currently has a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of barcelona ' s lionel messi .  hernandez has impressed in the absence of regular striker karim benzema .
the 40 - year - old e ! star looked cool and collected as she left the trump tower in new york city on monday .  on monday she was seen leaving the trump international hotel on her way to a today show appearance .  the fashion police co - host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with jerry , who she first met in san diego .  the romance turned sour when giuliana discovered jerry had been cheating on her with geri halliwell , aka ginger spice .
michael rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer , died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland , wisconsin .  his wife , niki , and their seven children , aged between two and 15 years old , suffered minor injuries .  rogan was pronounced dead at st . joseph ' s hospital in marshfield .  friends set up a gofundme account to help + the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses .
toby huntington - whiteley , 25 , stars in new summer advert for jacamo .  professional cricketer , freddie flintoff , 37 , has been the face of the brand for four years .  advert sees toby showing off his model pout as he lounges by a rooftop swimming pool .
audrey nethery , from kentucky , has diamond blackfan anemia ( dba ) , a life - threatening bone marrow condition that affects her body ' s ability to circulate oxygen .  she has already endured 20 blood transfusions , and will likely undergo more in the future .
the philippines voiced alarm about chinese ' aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises .  philippine president benigno .  aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities .  he said recently that china ' s actions in the region could lead to military conflict .
die - hard fans can fly from glasgow to london for 25 , 000 ( $ 41 , 555 ) ticket package includes a ticket from any uk airport to glasgow .  most commercial flights on the same route last roughly 80 minutes .  event travel declined to say whether anyone has paid for a spot on the jet .
andrea dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting .  the 33 - year - old defender was arrested at harrods store on april 7 .  the italian defender scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
elijah mckenna , 11 , suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body .  the child ' s fearless 9 - year - old sister , alyssa , carried him home because he was unable to walk on his own after the attack .  alyssa ' s mother , rhianna bravenec , wants all three dogs euthanized .
alastair cook needs something different to draw on in his same - same pace bowling attack .  england have not won away from home since 2012 is lacking something different in their attack .  jos buttler was a key element of england  s best attack of the last 20 years - the 2005 ashes line - up .
wilfried zaha was signed from crystal palace for 10million in january 2013 .  the 22 - year - old was loaned back to the eagles for the remainder of the season .  zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years .
the indigenous sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low - flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions .  it is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders , meaning they are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on video .  most of the photos and video clips that do exist are of poor quality .
a host of international footballers took to social media to celebrate st george ' s day .  rio ferdinand posted a picture of his time in the white of england .  gary cahill - current england centre - back - posted a ' proud to be english ' video .
eaze has been dubbed  uber for weed  and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver .  the californian start - up , which is rumoured to be backed by rapper snoop dogg , has just raised $ 10 million ( 6 . 7 million ) so that users can  find the perfect medicine  in more states .  the sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in alaska , colorado , and washington dc .
hayley sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven - stone american bulldog winston by the end of april or she will lose her house .  the mother - of - two says her family are being ' taunted all the time ' by people in the area .  winston ' s attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood .
raheem sterling says he is not ready to sign a new 100 , 000 - a - week deal .  former manchester united midfielder says he does not score enough goals .  scholes says sterling should concentrate on playing every week .
michael phelps has won 22 olympic medals , 18 golds , but was banned from swimming in september .  the 29 - year - old will compete at the arena pro swim series event in mesa , arizona , from april 15 - 18 .  phelps was caught travelling at 84mph in a 45mph zone in baltimore , maryland .
ruslan bazarov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg in the collision .  the truck ' s driver pulled over to the side of the road after 100 metres .  bazorov suffered a double fracture to his leg as a result of the accident .
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men .  police say the shelving in the shipping container moved and trapped the men .  two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition .
chelsea host leicester city at st george ' s park on wednesday night .  didier drogba and his team - mates have been preparing for the game .  the blues have drawn criticism for the way they ground out a decisive 0 - 0 draw against arsenal on sunday .
michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent 7 , 500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  his mother , joy , is worried her son is pinning too much on the transplant .  she said : ' i just want to feel normal , to feel like a normal shape and do things without thinking about it all the time ' .
the 23 - year - old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed as the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney ' s north - west . the car spun out of control before mounting the kerb , smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool .  a taxi driver involved in the bungle fled the scene and officers are appealing for the driver to come forward .
more than a dozen hot - air balloons took to the skies in canowindra , nsw on sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride - to - be .  the 26 - year - old teacher was allegedly murdered on easter sunday .  police believe she was dead before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years .
san francisco police chief greg suhr has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers .  he called the texts ' despicable ' and says those who sent them ' clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer ' .  authorities say the offensive texts targeting blacks , mexicans , filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012 .  the messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant ian furminger , who was sentenced to 41 months in prison .
andriy yarmolenko has been linked with a 15million move to paris saint - germain .  psg have been warned off manchester united ' s angel di maria .  the 25 - year - old has scored five goals in 10 games this season .
ukip - commissioned poll shows farage has fallen behind tory opponent in kent seat .  he is in danger of finishing third , with labour catching up fast . if poll is accurate , it could end farage  s political career as he has vowed to resign as ukip leader if he fails to win south thanet .
raheem sterling has rejected an offer of 100 , 000 a week to extend his stay at anfield .  zinedine zidane has said real madrid are looking for the world ' s best youngsters to add to their squad .  sterling has netted six times in the premier league this season .  brendan rodgers has admitted liverpool may struggle to attract top players without champions league football .
charlene wall jeffs , 58 , had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years .  she claims to have been excommunicated in september 2014 , and is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her .  lyle jeffs is brother of warren jeffs and current leader of the polygamous fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter - day saints .
james boase , landlord of the coppa dolla pub in broadhempston , devon , had been drinking with a friend in torquay on march 13 , 2014 .  the 36 - year - old failed to stop after hitting another car which had been involved in a car crash .  boase claimed he had been ' sleepwalking ' and must have been sleep walking .  torquay magistrates ' court heard he had 75 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of alcohol .
bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit .  but it has not been working for more than two years after every fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .
rafa benitez ' s napoli will play dnipro , while fiorentina take on sevilla .  the draw was made at uefa ' s headquarters in nyon on friday .  the europa league semi - final ties will be played on may 7 and 14 .
daniel ricciardo has urged his red bull team to go back to basics .  red bull are second best to mercedes last season after a run of four successive championship triumphs .  the australian managed to finish third quickest in practice , a second behind reigning champion lewis hamilton in his mercedes .  the main gripe has centred on power - unit supplier renault , with billionaire benefactor dietrich mateschitz suggesting he could pull his team out of the sport if matters fail to improve .
lucas hinch , 37 , shot his computer 8 times in the alley of his herb and tea shop .
lisa and james tuttle moved with their five children to geldeston in 2005 .  they thought their big house would be a peaceful and idyllic family home .  but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs were shot dead .
eden hazard joined chelsea for 32million in 2012 .  the belgium star has had a standout season for chelsea .  arsene wenger insists he isn ' t haunted by the decision .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex .  she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged into the gap .  now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face .
ian bell and joe root put on 177 for the fourth wicket after england ' s top order collapsed in antigua .  alastair cook has been working hard on his sacking as one - day captain .  colin cowdrey needs both runs and victories here .
members of the new york police department claim the man , 30 , opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired .  when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead .
the lake in boulder , colorado , has been invaded by thousands of goldfish .  the animals have now multiplied to over 3 , 000 or 4 , 000 , it ' s believed , and are threatening to over - run the natural species in the lake .  the consequences of introducing a foreign species is far - reaching , officials say .
martin fletcher claims fire was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette .  fire broke out near half - time of bradford ' s game against lincoln on may 11 , 1985 .  within four minutes the stand was completely ablaze .  west yorkshire police say they will review any fresh evidence surrounding tragedy .
jessica silva ' s ex partner , james polkinghorne , sent her a text message threatening to ' cave her f * * * ing head in ' and ' bash the f * ' out of her before arriving at her home fuelled on ' ice ' on mothers day in 2012 .  ms silva said he then held her brother by the throat so she ran inside to retrieve a knife with which which which to defend herself and defend herself .
stephen taylor , 54 , went missing in the solent after leaving lee - on - solent .  he was in touch with partner michelle fuller , 49 , throughout the day .  when he failed to return home late in the evening she alrted police .
milk , bread , eggs , cheese and roasting chickens have seen the biggest fall in prices in almost a decade .  supermarkets have been forced to reduce their prices to compete with budget stores aldi and lidl .  on the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7 . 8 per cent in the last 12 months .
keanu reeves has starred in blockbusters such as the matrix trilogy .  the 50 - year - old grilled red bull ' s chief technical officer adrian newey .  reeves also checked out pit stops at the red bull factory with sky sports .
judge nigel cadbury mentioned the 24 - year - old during a separate court hearing to issue a warning about women drinking too much alcohol .  karen buckley ' s remains were found dumped in a field on april 16 .  judge cadbury suggested she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death , but her friends say she only had a few drinks .  he said : ' it ' s very , very very how young girls put themselves in such , very vulnerable positions ' .
rio ferdinand has been a colossus of the game since being dropped .  the 36 - year - old has been unable to hold down his spot in the english game .  harry redknapp described ferdinand ' s signing as a ' remarkable coup ' .
operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall children ' s home near mansfield .  inquiry will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused .  separate inquiry called operation daybreak is already looking at child abuse at homes in nottingham in the 1960s and 70s .
la galaxy move off the foot of the western conference in major league soccer .  lamar neagle had the first chance of the game after nine minutes .  alan gordon scored a first - half winner for la galaxy .
robin rinaldi , 42 , demanded an open marriage from her husband , scott , after he had a vasectomy .  she ' s now written a graphic , tell - all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout .
ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint .  but an animal lover ' s appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a new leg .
the child , whose name has not been released , suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont , new jersey on march 6 .  he had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn ' t say ' checkmate ' .  an aide overheard him saying : ' do you want me to do something drastic ? ' .
around 549 aussies are registered as travelling in the himalayan region .  more than 200 australians are confirmed safe but authorities are still trying to contact hundreds of others .  actor hugh sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother zachary .
molly hennessey - fiske , a reporter for the los angeles times , received a letter purporting to be robert durst at a louisiana state prison .  the letter specifically states that durst ' said nothing about charges , crimes or trials ' .  durst was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend , susan berman .
wolf hall writer hilary mantel ' s second novel bring up the bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler ' wolf hall ii ' .  she has also cut ' a lot of repetition ' to create a tighter , better play .  the plays will open at the winter garden theatre in times square tomorrow and features the original british cast as well as director jermey herron .  mantel once pledged not to dumb down her work ahead of its bbc debut .
becky schoenig of st . louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway monday night .  on april 1 , a man who recognized the vehicle would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes , she simply took to facebook and posted a photo of her new ride .  the sexton on wheels will feature banana , pineapple , peach and coconut cream .
anthem of the seas has 16 decks and can carry almost 5 , 000 passengers .  cruise liners will both be based in southampton and serve europe and mediterranean over the summer .  will then move to new york harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from cape liberty port to bermuda , the caribbean , canada and new england .  highly - anticipated new cruise ship is set to welcome more than 80 , 000 people on board this summer and bring 50 , 000 to local economy .
scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident .  they found that one breed in particular had plummeted from hundreds to dozens .  this is despite radiation levels starting to fall , and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
swazi gold is grown in the tiny south african sovereign state of swaziland .  it is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive cocktail .  nyope contains a heroin concentration of around ten per cent , and often ' fillers ' including rat poison and crushed hiv tablets .
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1 . 4million copies of her colouring - in book for grown - ups .  the book is the most popular in its genre and has now been translated into 22 different languages .  so far , adults say they ' re attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords .
tesco ' s old gulfstream 550 , worth around 30million , was capable of flying 14 executives at a time .  but after a disastrous year new chief executive dave lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale .  four have been sold and the final one , a hawker 800 , will be gone by the end of next month .
perth couple sharon and nick chalwell have been trying to conceive since they were married .  a call - out on their local radio station put them in touch with shannon mann , who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years .  the couple have been inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family .
manchester united beat fulham 4 - 1 at craven cottage on tuesday night .  robin van persie opened the scoring for united under - 21s .  joe rothwell doubled the lead with two goals of his own .
yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , california , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged .  the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as edward moneyhanz on youtube saw the woman ' pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store ' .
teana walsh , who is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice , wrote an unhinged post on her facebook .  she said that seeing protesters throwing rocks led her to the conclusion they should be shot .
steve ells , the company ' s co - ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money .  ' it ' s relatively easy for us to have all non - gmo ingredients , ' he said .  the company has 68 total ingredients and another burrito features upwards of 80 .  rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with gmos .
around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today ' s pyongyang marathon .  the event was founded in 1981 in the single - party country , which is now led by brutal dictator kim jong un .  photographs of this year ' s event were submitted by people from koryo tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones .
fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests .  he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals .  the sentencing will resume on tuesday .
first minister forced to admit mps would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as possible .  move would leave 7 . 6billion black hole in scotland ' s finances , spark either higher taxes , deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels .  but labour leader jim murphy warns this would leave a catastrophic hole in the country ' s budget .
' untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress , says dr des spence .  popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple  s health app .
footage shows 27 - year - old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch .  after coming to a standstill , henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens its mouth in apparent pain .  the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while henry recovered from the incident unscathed .
pippa middleton , 31 , and nico jackson , 36 , were on the verge of a split .  miss middleton wore a low - key tailored cream blazer , denim jeans and a heart - print top .  the pair had been enjoying a romantic supper at upmarket restaurant margaux .
tottenham travel to st mary ' s in the premier league on saturday .  mauricio pochettino has blamed tottenham ' s lunchtime lethargy this season on the europa league campaign .  spurs have won nine points out of a possible 30 .
alison saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge lord janner .  clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute .  but mrs saunders decided that it was not in the public interest to put janner in the dock due to his advanced alzheimer ' s . two senior government figures joined the chorus of disapproval .
daniel ricciardo plays in shanghai ahead of this weekend ' s chinese grand prix .  the red bull driver has won the team ' s last four years at the top of the formula one season .  the 25 - year - old hopes to kick - start his season ahead of red bull ' s 2015 season .  red bull need some guidance following a slow start to the season .  click here for all the latest formula one news .
david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history .  the 51 - year - old says the save against sheffield united was the best one he ever made .  the former arsenal keeper says it topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 .
costel pantilimon conceded four goals inside 45 minutes against newcastle .  the black cats boss celebrated his first home match with a 1 - 0 victory over newcastle last weekend .  dick advocaat was being installed as part of gus poyet ' s investigation .
third - grade teacher kyle schwartz has been a teacher for three years and says that many of her students at doull elementary school come from underprivileged backgrounds .  schwartz last month asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her , but wouldn ' t normally in the classroom situation .  ' i care deeply about each and every one of my students and i don ' t want any of them to have to suffer the consequences of living in poverty , ' she said .
many clouds would receive weight from his rival in newbury ' s hennessy gold cup .  leighton aspell ' s mount carried the biggest weight to victory on saturday since red rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st . trainer oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree .
silverstone ' s roof was damaged by high winds on sunday and monday .  part of the three - story corporate building at the host venue of formula one ' s british grand prix was affected by the winds .  images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed .  silverstone sporting director stuart pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected .
ed miliband accused of hypocrisy after labour town halls and mps revealed to be hiring thousands of workers on zero - hours contracts .  but his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot labour use them .  he said a labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks .
peter fox , 26 , was arrested at euston station in london this morning .  he was arrested on suspicion of murders of bernadette , 57 , and sarah fox , 27 .  mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .  her family today said they are ' absolutely devastated ' at their loss .
hull city host swansea city in the premier league on saturday .  steve bruce ' s side are in 15th place , three points off the relegation zone .  david meyler is confident his side will hang on to their premier league status .
fabio capello claims john terry should never have been stripped of england captaincy .  italian was in charge of the national side when terry was accused of racially abusing anton ferdinand in 2011 .  capello resigned as england manager in february 2012 after publicly criticising the fa  s decision .  he believes terry should have kept his role under the presumption of innocence until guilt is proven .
anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and spends hours slowly rotating in one spot .  he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 55 - 55mm kit lens or a tokina 11 - 16mm to shoot the pictures .
adam peaty has broken the men ' s 100m breast stroke world record .  the 20 - year - old beat the previous record of 58 . 46 set by cameron van der burgh in 2012 .  peaty is the first man in history to break through the 58 - second barrier .
bondi ' s icebergs club pool was drained on thursday to create a unique catwalk for mercedes - benz fashion week australia .  the ten pieces are designed to be worn in 20 ways and are suitable for night to night wear .  the show took place on an unseasonably warm 28 degrees celcius day .
celtic won the glasgow cup for the fourth time in eight seasons .  rangers keeper robby mccrorie came for a corner and missed it to put the hoops in front .  josh kerr took advantage when he dropped a mark hill free kick .
which ? reveals a host of products that have been shrunk , from surf washing powder to cif spray to hovis best of both bread .  there was no change in the 5 cost of surf with essential oils washing powder when it dropped from 2kg to 1 . 61kg .  it ' s seemingly part of a strategy across the retail industry that enables manufacturers to increase profits without putting up prices .
gunman , who has not been identified , shot himself dead at universal studios in hollywood , california , on friday .  he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time of the shooting .  last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he vandalized his ex - girlfriend ' s car .
josh griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as salford secured back - to - back super league wins with a 18 - 12 victory at huddersfield .  carl forster ' s try and griffin ' s penalty made the game safe .
rory mcilroy won the amateur championship at royal portrush last year .  the world no 1 admits he may turn professional before the united states clash at royal lytham in september .  the 19 - year - old scot impressed the scot during their practice round together at augusta on monday .
dell ' super dell ' schanze , 45 , was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird .  his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person .
britain was sixth from last , with only 30 per cent of people practising a faith .  this compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent are ' convinced atheists ' .  globally two - thirds of people still consider themselves religious .  those under 34 tend to be more religious than other age groups .
anika stanford arrived at leeton police station on thursday morning to meet with police officers .  she was taken back to the home she shares with her son , vincent , and another son , luke .  ms stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the cocoparra national park , where they discovered ms scott ' s burnt remains .  vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with the murder of ms scott , who disappeared the weekend before her wedding .
ronald butcher left his 500 , 000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in 2013 .  but his relatives and family friends insist the will is invalid .  they say that the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher .  but the bequest is at the centre of a high court legal battle .
emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity .  it is believed to be because emojis may be tagged onto images that contain nudity , but it is likely the hashtag isn ' t banned across the app , instead it can ' t be searched for .  instagram doesn ' t ban pictures of guns , although it does not allow the sale of guns .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jeff the rabbit measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone .  his son jeff , who already measures 3ft 8in , still has six months of growing to do .  it costs her 5 , 000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2 , 000 carrots and 700 apples .
michelle , a 32 - year - old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used , said the white van drove through a red light at about 2 : 30 p . m . on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle .  she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings .  police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank , 28 , who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence .
harold wilson approached the bbc directly to delay the show ' s repeat broadcast . he feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show .  mr wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust alec douglas .
violet price , 80 , had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week .  her son was unable to reach her by phone after she failed to respond on phone .  a 32 - year - old man has now been arrested and charged with her murder .
robin esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years .  his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the daily express .
hillary clinton ' s secret service - provided ' scooby ' van motored from concord to boston logan international airport , escorted by troopers from both new hampshire and massachusetts .  on the way , her motorcade passed exits to the manchester , n . h . airport , which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5 : 16 p . m . flight to the same destination .
timothy fradeneck , 38 , was arraigned wednesday on first - degree murder charges in the triple murder of his wife , 2 - year - old daughter celeste .  he is also charged with child abuse and child abuse .  authorities say he used a usb cord to kill his wife and children , celeste , 2 , and timothy iii , 8 , in their eastpointe , michigan home .
jo gilchrist , 27 , was left writhing in pain on valentine ' s day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine .  she has been in brisbane ' s princess alexandra hospital ever since and doctors are desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria .  the mother of one says it took doctors a long time to work out what was wrong and her body started to go numb .
morocco was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments .  the north - african nation was fined $ 1 million by the caf .  the caf also demanded a further $ 9 million in compensation .
jordan spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta .  the 21 - year - old also won with an 18 - under total of 36 and 54 - hole records .  he also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods after a closing 70 left him four shots ahead of justin rose and phil mickelson .
moeen ali hurt himself during england ' s failed world cup campaign .  the all - rounder was not available when the selectors chose the west squad .  james tredwell and adil rashid are current spinning options .
liverpool striker mario balotelli has been the subject of more than 4 , 000 racists on social media this season .  daniel sturridge and arsenal striker danny welbeck have also received more than a thousand discriminatory messages .  brendan rodgers says he was ' surprised and shocked ' at the level of online abuse .
the immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for 29 . 95 ( $ 45 ) it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie .  the maximum size of compatible devices is 3 . 5 x 5 . 7 - inches ( 8 . 2 x 15 . 4cm ) , which means it will work with the iphone 6 plus , for example .
the pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina .  the paper ' s powerful photo series entitled ' till death do us part , ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women .
jeff bezos ' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas .  the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles ( 94km ) - four miles short of space - before landing .  it was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space .  the test took place from the company  s launch site in west .
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic .  they are reservoirs for abiotic methane which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide .  gasinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor .  scientists say similar formations could someday be used to store methane , that can later be used as fuel .
a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy .  by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock .  he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes .  and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce .
dr frederic brandt , 65 , was found hanged at his home in coral gables , florida , on april 5 .  many believed he was ' hurt ' by the show and it was a factor in his decision to take his own life .  friends said he had been left ' devastated ' by a character said to have been based on him in the comedy show ' the unbreakable kimmy schmidt ' .
experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online .  for a few hundred dollars , one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door .  professor colleen loo from the black dog institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation ( tdcs ) for 20 years .
glenn murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from a serious knee injury .  crystal palace boss alan pardew hopes murray can continue to torment premier league defences .  the 31 - year - old has scored the best goals - per - minute ratio of anyone in the premier league .
medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56 - year - old man ' s kidney failure .  black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .
chancellor refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if conservatives win second term .  more than a million households lost out when coalition announced that families with one parent earning 50 , 000 would pay tax on child benefit .  earners over 60 , 000 lost out altogether when the coalition announced the measure , brought in two and a half years ago as part of the government  s austerity programme , was criticised for penalising single - earner families and stay - at - home mothers .
hashim amla has signed a short - term contract at derbyshire .  the south africa test captain will play three natwest t20 blast and two lv = county championship matches .  amla was called up by his country for the test series against northamptonshire on may 10 .
the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year .  it will reportedly have a story - line which involves the australian navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea .  this comes as prime minister tony abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats .
nicholas james langan , 24 , was arrested about 1 . 00am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta , for smoking a marijuana joint .  police seized the 0 . 1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0 . 86 grams . also arrested was hanung pekik hermantoro , 25 , a driver for the green room villas where the queensland painter was staying .
meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with the newly installed parking meters .  local business owners say it was time for them to move as they had became irrelevant now because parking meters were electronic .  they believe meter maids are violating the council ' s anti - touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise .
wendell steiner , his wife , and their four children were stopped by police in akron , ohio during their 300 - mile journey from nova , ohio to pennsylvania .  mitt romney came under fire when it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his irish setter seamus on top of his car in a carrier .  steiner ' s mixed - breed puppies were wind - battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued , but had no injuries .
bol manyang , one , his sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew ' s church in werribee on saturday morning .  their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church ' s front row , alongside older sister awel , 5 , who survived the crash .  the children ' s cousin , makok kuol , described them as ' three beautiful angels ' .
ricky woolaston , 35 , posed as a maintenance engineer to gain access to students ' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit .  but he was caught when he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes .  officers searched the rucksack and found it contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name and address .  he has now been sentenced to four years in prison at birmingham crown court .
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan rises sharply so ships can pass underneath .  the two - lane concrete road bridge stretches 1 . 7km or just over 1 mile long .  it has a gradient of 6 . 1 per cent on the shimane prefecture side and remains in the world ' s top twenty highest .
andres iniesta made his barcelona debut during the 2002 - 03 season .  the spain international has praised louis van gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the spanish club ' s first team .  he also admitted he took great joy in defeating chelsea and manchester united during barca ' s champions league run to a 1 - 1 draw at chelsea in the 2009 champions league final .
birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of memphis street in wylam around 8 : 45 a . m . on sunday .  the suspect , who hasn ' t been named , was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile , abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot .
sandra malcolm ' s body was found at her home in cape town , south africa .  her nephew reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered door .  reports in south africa suggest the 74 - year - old ' s attackers had mutilated her .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed as manchester united manager when he leaves the club .  giggs had a spell in temporary charge of the 20 - time english champions following the dismissal of david moyes last season .  the welshman made a record 963 appearances for united last year .
collette dinnigan has put her four - bedroom 19th century sandstone home on the market .  the two - storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate .  the international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ' very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style ' .
jordan spieth finished 18 under to beat phil mickelson by four shots .  the 21 - year - old is the second youngest masters winner - after tiger woods in 1997 .  justin rose admitted he lost to the better man .
the carnival spirit has been stranded at sea due to wild weather conditions .  a sydney harbour pilot finally boarded the ship this morning and the ship docked at sydney ' s overseas passenger terminal at around 10am .  passengers were put on edge as ' a lot of water ' coming through glass panels and some of the crew were also frightened by the experience .
accident and emergency doctor lin xikun knew what he had to do when he walked in on nurse long yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare - chested man .  he immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing long to go free .  but when he returned the next day , he assured her : ' don ' t worry , i am not going to harm you ' .
david beckham ' s 40th birthday is on saturday , 2 may .  reports state he is expected to fly out to morocco for a glamorous bash .  name amanjena translates as peaceful paradise , which is echoed by its remote , private surroundings .  it is not the first time the beckhams have stayed at the resort , with victoria and david renewing their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004 .
mobile phone companies boasted 4g would be  five times faster  than 3g .  but the actual figure is 2 . 5 times faster - 14 . 7 megabits per second .  a study by ofcom says 4g speeds in the uk are slower than the existing 3g networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012 .  the evidence suggests that 4g services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town .  only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters .  ade adebayo , 34 , from brighton was lucky enough to get a ticket .
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at liverpool .  brendan rodgers is keen to keep hold of one of the club ' s best players .  allardyce feels there are so few talented youngsters emerging that clubs are willing to pay extraordinary wages to sign any available .
john hinckley jr . has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting .  this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently live outside st . elizabeth ' s hospital in washington and instead with his mother .  he shot president ronald reagan and three others , including white house press secretary james brady , in a bid to impress actress jodie foster .
daley blind posted a picture of himself and father danny on instagram .  the 25 - year - old has been a key figure for manchester united this season .  blind has become a vital cog in louis van gaal ' s side .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
coke has been putting scarlet tops on its 500ml bottles since march .  since march the soft drink company has made the lids on all of them red .  fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes .
tiffany jackson was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended .  three of the students were suspended for three days at highland oaks middle school in memphis , tennessee .  school officials justified suspended the students by saying they demonstrated an ' inappropriate use of electronic media ' but later overturned the suspensions .  the policy bans pupils from having a mobile phone on during the school day .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder .  he has jumped over everything from a lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes .
a business called edward  s snow den has appeared in the us president  s headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .  he created the fake listing during a ted talk in kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in google maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems .
rory mcilroy is targeting his third major title at augusta .  world no 1 is ranked 111th in the world at present .  darren clarke was ranked 111 when he won the open in 2011 .
the $ 39 . 99 ( 26 ) nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve .  it can maintain the temperature at between 68c and 71c ( 160f ) for up to 45 minutes .  the goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins , based on the children ' s story the three bears .
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first - degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 .  according to a police affidavit filed in court on thursday , she stole just $ 40 and the victim ' s metro smartrip card .  her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19 - year - old dominique johnson was arrested on wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice .
andy murray tied the knot with kim sears on saturday at dunblane cathedral .  the tennis star announced his engagement in november last year .  hundreds of well - wishers gathered outside the cathedral just hours before the wedding is due to start at 4 . 30pm .  murray posted a tweet to his 2 . 98 million followers which shows his plans for the day - through the use of emojis .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard imbedded with $ 100 bills .  pay - per - view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 ( 67 . 48 ) to watch the fight .  andre ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on june 20 .
lindsey vonn is the most successful us alpine skier in history .  the 30 - year - old has been dating golf ' s former no 1 tiger woods since 2013 .  vonn dropped a few details about life with her boyfriend , crediting him with hitting the gym with her and helping her to overcome a knee injury .  the minnesota native aims to return to compete at the 2018 winter olympics in pyeong chang , south korea .
revlon uk ' s new global tag line , love is the label ' s first major relaunch in more than a decade .
status quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform .  1940s - themed concert will take place on saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1 .  other stars include boy band blue , r & b singer jamelia , pop star pixie lott , jazz vocalist gregory porter and tenor alfie boe .
tennessee supreme court postponed execution dates for four inmates .  beginning in december 2013 , the state tried to jump - start the process with a new one - drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup .  on friday , the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates .  it will set new dates after the legal questions are settled .  states across the country have been struggling to find a method of execution that will stand up to legal challenges .
the disabled cat , called freeman , was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced .  a woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off , leaving the cat to die in agony .  the 90 - second attack was captured on cctv by a neighbour who passed the footage on to the cat ' s owner .  police are now investigating after a person , who appears to be a woman , pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds .
peter quillin has been nicknamed ' kid chocolate ' but shows none of the expected arrogance .  the 31 - year - old had been due to defend against matt korobov but turned down a career - best $ 1 . 4million pay day when deciding not to fight the mandatory challenger .
puren was the youngest brother of the final qing monarch puyi .  the 96 - year - old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia .  he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .  puyi became emperor in 1908 when he was two years and ten months old .
ronny deila agrees with gary teale ' s claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership .  the hoops boss hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch on friday night .  celtic are seven points ahead of second - placed aberdeen .
parents who choose not to vaccinate their children may be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies .  social services minister scott morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes .  conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits .  they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they don ' t get vaccinated .
medical leaders warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked .  this means patients tried and failed to book a gp appointment in 2013 / 14 .  new figures show a third of gp training posts remain unfilled .
bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to fight the death penalty ' with everything i have for the rest of my life ' .  the execution will likely take place in ' death valley ' - a clearing on nusakambagan .  there , they will be given the option to be blindfolded .
jamie and dawn were appearing on jeremy kyle ' s jeremy kyle show .  the couple , known only as jamie , refused to take one of the show ' s famous lie detector tests .  but following dawn ' s walkout , jamie takes a look at the ring and then throws it in his face .  he then storms off the stage , screeching : ' i ' m out of here ! ' .
the temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24c ( 75f ) today and 25c ( 77f ) tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year , the 21 . 9c ( 71 . 4f ) recorded in london on friday .  coral  s price on record has fallen from 10 / 1 to 2 / 1 , while ladbrokes has 5 / 6 on this spring being the warmest ever .
aimee craven , of hull , east yorkshire , claimed 20 tesco product worth 20 .  but she thought it had been left by its owner and thought it was left by it .  british transport police trawled through cctv footage to track down 32 - year - old .  mother - of - one was taken off train as she travelled to work in brough .  she is now waiting to see if she will be charged with theft .
mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in sutton coldfield , west midlands .  but they didn ' t bargain for the ducks following them back to the office .  resourcer melissa patrick , 18 , said it had the whole office in stitches .
the duchess of cambridge was dismissed as an  uneventful  dresser by leading author margaret atwood .  she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers .  but she added she is right not to follow in diana  s footsteps .  double booker prize winner and wolf hall author hilary mantel has described kate as a  shop window mannequin  and a  machine - made  princess who has been  designed by committee 
prize money has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million ( 20 . 2million ) the singles champions will each receive 1 . 8m euros ( 1 . 3m ) , around 150 , 000 euros more than rafael nadal and maria sharapova picked up last year .  the tournament remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion .
manchester city have already met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager ' s job  but it was back in 2013 .  txiki begiristain , city ' s director of football , concluded that he was not the right fit for the borussia dortmund manager  s job even though the club were seeking a replacement for roberto mancini .
the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer ' s girl with a pearl earring .  the hague was classed as a village until louis bonaparte set up in 1806 .
kevin o ' connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law .  the 61 - year - old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring .  a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842 , 000 with donations from 29 , 160 contributors in 48 hours .
fire was started in the mojave narrows park between apple valley and victorville .  at its height , 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses while they tried to contain the blaze .  one shed and one car was destroyed in the blaze which needed 200 firefighters , four aircraft and a pair of bulldozers to counter the flames .
nathan hughes ' ban for accidentally knocking out george north was over - turned on .  the wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches .  hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but dismissal has now been rescinded .  wasps were incensed that the forward had been knocked out in the space of two months .  former england player austin healey branded the sentence a ' total joke ' .
the oratory school in fulham , west london , was ordered to revise admissions policy last year .  watchdog accused the school of cherry - picking privileged white children using its strict faith - based entry requirements .  but this was overturned by a high court judge who said this decision was ' flawed ' and ' unreasonable ' .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board .  the system is broken and it needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited - overs cricket again .  too many of the current selectors and coaches are from the old guard and have failed to keep pace with the dramatic changes .  nasser hussain believes the sacking of alastair cook as one - day captain was a slow and protracted affair .
owen farrell suffered a knee ligament injury against clermont in the champions cup in january .  farrell missed the entire rbs 6 nations because of the injury .  saracens face clermont auvergne in the european champions cup semi - final on april 18 .
passenger found excrement in a newspaper on the floor of a train carriage .  london midland said the ' act of vandalism ' was ' disgusting ' .  the service terminated at birmingham new street so that the carriage could be cleaned .  british transport flight was forced to return to london after a foul odour emanated from an overflowing toilet .
cesc fabregas struggled to make an impact in spain ' s 2 - 0 defeat by holland .  the chelsea midfielder has struggled since october .  jose mourinho will be demanding more from his playmaker in midfield .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
lord janner ' s alleged victims could sue him for 2 . 5million .  police have identified 25 people who claim the labour peer attacked them .  one man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and leicestershire county council for damages .
hans - wilhelm muller - wohlfahrt has quit bayern munich in the fall .  the 72 - year - old has served the club for almost 40 years .  his son kilian , peter ueblacker and lutz hansel have also resigned .
luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago .  they are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks .  the couple , who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 , have controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers .  baby phoenix blue harris - lee was born naturally after a 16 - hour induced labour , weighing 7lb 15oz .
marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney in early april 1975 .  the 13 - year - old jumped up to say she had forgotten something and got off the bus .  the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared .  a coronial inquest has found she probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends .
ashton canal in manchester was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company .  it is believed the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings .  the environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife .
driver and vehicle licensing agency is scrapping paper counterpart .  information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on dvla ' s database , and will have to be checked online , by phone or by post . but motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist  s details .
amanda burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of birth was wrong .  but she believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood .  she said : ' we are doing it without any evidence about whether it  s good or bad for the baby ' .
carmem dierks , 60 , was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida .  she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab .  authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x - ray machine and dental molds .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on monday .  manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons .  carlo ancelotti led chelsea to their first league and fa cup double in his first season .
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester at the stoop on friday .  the 25 - year - old was told to go away and learn his lessons back at gloucester .  may even claims some responsibility for setting sheeran on the way to global superstardom .
iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said thursday that nothing is final and iran will continue to insist on a complete withdrawal of sanctions .  in remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line , he warned about ' deceptive ' intentions of the u . s . he tweeted his dismissal of what the white house claimed tehran had agreed to .
born on january 25 and almost three months old , the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of tokyo .  it took two kitties at least three attempts to finally manage to pull out their loudly complaining brother .  it was their mother ' s second time giving birth and brought the number of white tigers in japan to approximately 35 .
andrei arshavin ' s contract expires at the end of the season .  former arsenal forward anatoly tymoshchuk is set to join the club .  zenit st petersburg coach andre villas - boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair .  st petersburg enjoy an eight - point lead over krasnodar at the top of the russian premier league .
gemma redhead , 33 , was raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life .  she was left with post - traumatic stress disorder after being released from prison .  philip kirby had been sentenced to eight years in prison but was released .
around 20 million people in the uk are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms . five million people expected to fall victim to the symptoms for the first time .  dr jean emberlin said a 33 per cent rise could occur ' depending on weather ' .
catherine grove , 28 , vanished from church of wells in wells , texas in july 2013 .  she left the church under heavy guard and returned six days later .  then , within hours of returning , she announced she will marry one of its elders .  church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking .  however , they have strongly denied any wrongdoing over the years .  grove said she was ' seeking the lord ' and was not being held against her will .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  steven gerrard is set to start at the national stadium at the end of this season .  the 34 - year - old has flitted in and out of brendan rodgers ' side this term .
amber rachdi , 24 , from troutdale , oregon , weighed 11st ( 657lb ) at her heaviest . doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 .  she has since lost 20st in a year .
gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft - long alligator from a family ' s backyard pond .  a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows the creature looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away .
the three men were accused of being assad agents , working for the syrian governmment , say isis .  each of the men are forced on to their hands and knees in the war - torn street before they are beheaded .  it comes one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 ethiopian christians in libya .
the apple watch 1 will retail from $ 499 for the cheapest version right up to $ 24 , 000 for an 18 - carat model .  those who pre - ordered are expected to take delivery on friday .  a survey of five australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch .
alastair cook is not concerned about his failure to hit a test hundred since may 2013 .  the england captain is unbeaten in four tests since the last of his 25 test centuries against new zealand at headingley in 2013 .  colin graves , tom harrison and colin graves are looking for a new ' supremo ' to replace cook and peter moores .
barry lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm .  his brother , patrick , was put in a coma with a single punch to the head .  barry could spend up to two years in a sydney jail , despite his brother ' s calls for the charges to be dropped .
compulsory fitness tests have been introduced for all fbi agents .  fbi chief james coney says the force depends on its agents ' ability to ' run , fight and shoot ' rather than a derogatory remark about being overweight .  the tests will be shown on their annual performance review . comes as america is grappling with an obesity problem with a third of adults deemed obese or overweight and the cause of death of more than 120 , 000 people a year .
sonia morales , who weighs only 16 lbs , was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull .  but sonia and her husband rony , who live in providence , rhode island , decided to ' keep her no matter what ' .
gloria ross , 84 , spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse .  she was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson .  but when he asked nurses at whipps cross hospital , they said mrs ross was ' just tired ' and told him the senior nurse was ' on a break ' .
jamie o ' hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a lead .  grant hall scored an own goal just after half - time to leave lee clark disappointed .  blackpool ' s winless run was extended to 13 games .
professor stephen hawking appeared at the sydney opera house on saturday night as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk .  the questioner asked : ' what do you think is the cosmological effect of zayn leaving one direction and consequently breaking the hearts of millions of teenage girls across the world ? ' .  professor hawking also spoke about the mysteries of the universe , being diagnosed with als , and the future of our planet .
michael and rosalia juskin had a ' history of domestic issues ' but that a motive had not yet been determined .  a relative discovered the bodies on monday morning and called police .  michael juskin is one of the oldest people ever to be accused of homicide .
police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to .  a fire was started at st mary ' s catholic church in dandenong , at 2 . 15am on wednesday .  the fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three melbourne catholic churches with links to paedophile priests .  the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now - deceased father kevin o ' donnell .
misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka , japan , as she died of heart failure on april 1 .  born on march 5 , 1898 , the great - grandmother had lived through two world wars , the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the wright brothers .  she was recognised as the world ' s oldest person by the guinness world records in 2013 .
the fbi has released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace .  they appear to show a ' pre - pubescent blonde girl ' that could have been taken ' in america or elsewhere ' .  the man , referred to as john doe 29 , is not suspected of carrying out abuse .
rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since 2014 and she caddied for him on wednesday .  dustin johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky since 2013 and the pair had a son together in january this year .  phil mickelson has been married to wife amy since for 19 years .
the photos were shot by linden gledhill from staffordshire , who combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry .  the 51 - year - old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly ' s wing pattern .  butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers , which gives them their greek order name of lepidoptera .
paula radcliffe said she ' was close to pulling out ' of the london marathon .  the celebrity doctor known as ' healing hans ' has played a key role in getting paula radcliffe to the start line for her final competitive marathon on sunday .  but hans - wohlfahrt , known as  healing hans  , has worked with the likes of ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt .
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants found guilty of plotting unrest . among those sentenced is american - egyptian citizen mohamed soltan .  u . s . embassy in cairo said it was ' gravely concerned ' about mohamed .
renting in the capital soared to an average of more than 1 , 100 per month .  the second year history and politics student says she took up sex work .  she says traditional means of earning failed to cover the cost of living in london .
jean sharon abbott , 38 , from plymouth , minnesota , was told she had spastic diplegia , a form of cerebral palsy , when she was just four - years - old .  after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms , weakness , near immobility , she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa - responsive dystonia ( drd ) , a rare , yet treatable , muscle disorder .
sncf made an official complaint to french prosecutors saying the action risked a deadly tragedy .  the last of the riders went through the barrier eight seconds before the train arrived at the waller crossing , 87 miles from the end of the so called ' hell of the north ' race .  one rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down .
sherrell dillion has been given a place in the top model of colour competition .  the single mother - of - two was featured in the hit channel 4 series .  she now says she is technically homeless and feels happiness for her co - star .
ruba khandaqji , 36 , was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence .  she called the osceola county sheriff  s office on monday telling the dispatcher to ' shut up and listen ' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and ' kill whomever i can kill ' because she wanted to be deported to jordan .
bayern munich face porto in the quarter - finals of the champions league .  xabi alonso is only the second player to win european football ' s top trophy .  the 33 - year - old has won three champions leagues with three clubs .  pep guardiola ' s side are the only unbeaten side in the competition this year .  click here for all the latest bayern munich news .
harvey weinstein was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his new york city townhouse on thursday .  she was joined by the couple ' s son dashiell in her design studio on wednesday .  chapman was seen sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming spring / summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand marchesa .  ambra battilana , who claims weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt , met with prosecutors on tuesday .
didier drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury .  diego costa and loic remy both missed saturday ' s 1 - 0 win over manchester united .  the ivorian centre forward played the full 90 minutes in chelsea ' s last two games .  the blues need nine points from their remaining six games to guarantee a first premier league title in five years .
robin van persie opened the scoring for manchester united in the 32nd minute .  rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off after sustaining a rib injury .  harry panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes .
police have returned to the home of bill spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrrell .  the 63 - year - old was last seen dressed in a spider - man suit and playing in his grandmother ' s yard in broad daylight in kendall last september .  it has emerged that detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman ' s house in bonny hills on monday afternoon .
the gold moto 360 is available to pre - order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april .  it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from the o2 stores in the uk on 23 april .  motorola ' s gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs 50 more , at 249 . 99 - which is 50 cheaper than apple ' s cheapest sport model .
john noble , 53 , sent a 270 page package to the las vegas review - journal to explain why he shot himself in the head on easter sunday .  included in the detailed package was a two hour dvd in which a clearly upset noble addresses the camera and wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino .
the espresso maker is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy .  it is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the iss .
moving the nation ' s nuclear deterrent to gibraltar could cost 3billion .  snp want to eject trident from scotland , but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde .
scotland ' s first minister said the labour leader had allowed himself to be ' kicked around ' by the tories .  she said miliband has been ' bullied ' into ruling out a coalition deal between the two parties .  polls show no one party will have a majority after may 7 and support for the snp hitting a record high .
the royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge ' s second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013 .  babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2 , 015 free ' lucky ' silver pennies .  the silver coin will be presented in a special white box , which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse .
geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming , 23 , of anderson , indiana .  police believe fleming was lured from her home by jones ' sister , who told police she had been caring for her sister ' s child while her sister was in texas .
sean mccabe , 30 , of tonyrefail , south wales , was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma .  he was told he had just two months to live , but was told his cancer is in remission .  he booked st david ' s church for his funeral in late january 2014 .  as preparations got underway he picked the site for his family to scatter his ashes .  but he managed to make a remarkable recovery and has rebooked the church .
joseph koetters , a former english teacher at marlborough school in los angeles , is being sued by an unnamed 30 - year - old former teacher .  the lawsuit alleges he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a student , which began in the 2000 - 2001 school year .  marlborough officials are accused of ignoring complaints made by other female students during his time working at the school .
west ham host leicester city in the premier league on saturday .  sam allardyce has confirmed winston reid will be fit for the clash .  reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in march .
david potchen , 53 , robbed a bank in merrillville , indiana , last june .  he had been making $ 8 . 29 an hour but had trouble finding a job on his release .  the ex - con spent 12 and a half years in prison and said he wanted to go back after hitting rock bottom during his parole last year .
former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend .  the 27 - year - old accused killer then started sprinting towards kidder , asking him to shoot him .  the officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try ' suicide by cop ' .  kidder has been praised for ' maturity and maturity ' after he refused not to use deadly force .
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under the proposal .  normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred .  lib dem leader nick clegg said he wanted to tackle ' dangerous levels of air pollution ' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months .
dustin irons was appearing over video - link to a court in oregon .  the 26 - year - old managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture .  he was sentenced to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court .  irons has been in prison since december after he was arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside .
mike ashley bought a 9 . 8 per cent stake in rangers and loaned the club 5million in january .  the sports direct tycoon owns 9 . 82 per cent of the glasgow giants .  he is banned from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox .  two of his closest associates - derek llambias and barry leach - sat as directors until king forced them out at last month ' s general meeting .
the 19 - time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes .  shutthefrontdoor is owned by his boss jp mcmanus .  he is ridden by paul carberry and trained by a race - winning trainer .
italian astronaut samantha cristofor wore the uniform on friday .  together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft .  on board it had 4 , 000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine .  it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth .
england ' s squad landed in manchester to allow their northern - based players and staff to disembark after tuesday night ' s draw with italy .  wayne rooney , joe hart , chris smalling , phil jones , ross barkley , phil jagielka , jordan henderson , michael carrick , fabian delph and jack butland were among the party leaving the plane .  andros townsend equalised with 11 minutes to play at the juventus stadium .
johnny debnam , 29 , was free diving in water four metres beneath the ocean .  the stingray swum over him three times , enveloping him under his body .  the commercial diver says he felt completely at ease with the experience .
scientists in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain ' foreign dna ' .  agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species .  this makes sweet potatoes a ' natural genetically modified organism ' .  and humans have been eating it for thousands of years .
simon wood , 38 , battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd .  they were challenged to cook judges john torode and gregg wallace a three - course meal in three hours .  the final followed seven weeks of tough challenges , including the ' chef ' s table ' .
brain waves move memories from the hippocampus to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain , where long - term memories are stored .  older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much .  catnapping makes it both harder to fall asleep at night and more likely you ' ll wake up earlier than possible .
rangers beat hearts 2 - 1 in the scottish championship on saturday .  lee mcculloch was sent off for fouling striker osman sow .  gers captain stuart mccall apologised to him and the players .
queen letizia welcomed juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid .  the 42 - year - old was joined by husband king felipe , 47 , for a lunch .  today ' s lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours .
homesick sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors .  the 26 - year - old has been open with his current club about the reasons for wanting to leave .  tomkins launched his super league career from 2008 to 2013 .
lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay - away fans after relegation .  disgruntled fans vented their anger at their chairman outside bloomfield road before a 1 - 1 draw with reading .  blackpool became the first in the football league to be demoted following rotherham ' s win over brighton on easter monday .
real madrid beat granada 9 - 1 in their la liga clash .  cristiano ronaldo , karim benzema , gareth bale and a diego mainz own goal secured a huge win .  robert ibanez scored granada ' s consolation .
jacksonville , florida photographer kristina bewly took her daughter giselle to disney world for the first time last september .  each time the family visits , giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother kristina .  ' i ' m not trying to be biased , but i think my daughter is beautiful .  i think she ' s as beautiful as any other 4 - year - old .  i just want her to be treated the same way .  she could be a model in her photos .
a europe - wide survey of 19 , 000 people revealed that the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick , the more likely its residents were to want a job .  in estonia , one of the least generous countries , only 40 % did .
london borough of barking and dagenham to introduce csi - style dna testing .  council would use stored information to match animal responsible with mess .  testing is believed to be 99 . 9 per cent accurate and will represent value for residents .  move is part of efforts to reduce 2 . 3million annual street cleansing bill .
police arrested three syrian men at the helm of the turkish - flagged yacht .  it is thought the smugglers had charged each person $ 8 , 500 ( 5 , 700 ) to make the crossing .  this is far more than the usual cost of between 1 , 000 and 1 , 500 euros .  two merchant ships were called out to aid a boat in distress .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has compared harry kane to gabriel batistuta .  kane moved to within two strikes of the 30 - goal barrier for the season .  roy hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check for kane .
capybara joejoe who lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy has almost 60 , 000 followers on instagram .  a duckling falls from the rodent  s head and hits him in the eye on the way down , before splashing into the water and swimming around him .
bbc one ' s the billion dollar chicken shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant .  in the final episode , kfc is shown about to launch their new pulled chicken range which consists of a twister , a mini wrap and the ultimate burger .  viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after the episode of the brand ' s rebranding exercise last night .  kfc has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year , and a billion of that comes from the uk alone .
the actor ' s aftershave , eau sauvage , contained a potent chemical known as hedione .  it activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women .  this chemical activates the pheromone receptor vn1r in the tissue found in the nasal cavity which connects to the brain .
elizabeth scarborough , 21 , impersonates taylor swift when she ' s not attending school in south carolina .
the library hotel was designed around the dewey decimal system .  each floor is dedicated to one of its 10 major categories .  more than 6 , 000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces .
cancer - killing cocktail of the hormone tamoxifen and two coffees every day was found to reduce the risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease .  the drug kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer - causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells .
liam sandham , of fleetwood , has gone viral with a work place prank .  the plasterer films his unsuspecting friend who looks at his phone .  he then films his hand and slowly moves the magnifying glass over the top of it .  the video has been viewed over a million times on youtube .
manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard tied the knot with misse beqiri last year .  the couple have been dating since 2012 and they have a son together .  lindergaard has struggled for minutes throughout his career in manchester .  the 31 - year - old was linked with a move to fc midtjylland in january .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
officials claim companies active there are acting ' illegally ' in argentine territory . comes after britain struck oil in the falklands in a remote field of the islands . comes days after defence secretary michael fallon warned of ' very live threat ' from argentina .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips .  the couple were on a 14 - night holiday based in the canary islands .  mr phillips said he had drunk about three gin and tonics when he joined their table and moved to another after looking at the menu .
images show the city of golmud , in north west qinghai province , as it succumbs to a sweeping half - hour sandstorm .  the fourth massive sandstorm to hit the area this year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards .  china ' s national meteorological centre has now issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms .
zoe gregory , 26 , hijacked email account to issue threat to blow up school .  holly littlefield , 16 , was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours .  she was ' crying and distressed ' and struggled to sleep in cell surrounded by ' people on drugs or drunk ' .
michael thomas slager ' s police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light .  people in charleston , south carolina , have said this reflects what ' s going wrong with policing today .
michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england ' s reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director .  sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket .
amanda knox was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher in november 2007 .  her biographer , douglas preston , claims that she was threatened with rape from a male guard , it was a ' really terrible experience ' .  knox and her family have spent millions fighting her conviction .
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast . its population is around 500 , 000 and boasts both beautiful beaches .  around a quarter of the cape verde squad are european , although 14 of the 19 players used in portugal were born on the island .
billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 .  it still attracts 400 , 000 visitors a year , according to new figures out today .  165 , 000 people in england and wales have holiday homes .  cornwall , with its 300 mile coastline , is the nation ' s holiday home hotspot .
mo farah will race in birmingham in the first time he ' s competed in 1 , 500m since 2013 .  the double olympic champion will step down in distance for the diamond league event on june 7 .  farah and greg rutherford are set to compete at the anniversary games at the olympic stadium .
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart ' s throat as his friend billy flynn , shot him in the head .  flynn was pamela smart  s then - 16 - year - old lover and shot her husband dead at her request . randall was paroled last month ; randall is serving life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder .
parma beat juventus 1 - 0 in serie a on saturday .  jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark .  antonio mirante also netted for roberto donadoni ' s side .
mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned romelu lukaku ' s 28million move to goodison park last summer .  the belgian international is one season into a five - year contract .
the shanghai circuit held the inaugural chinese grand prix in 2004 .  it has been home to the event ever since , and has been been home since .  the circuit is a challenging design , with the grandstand and pit straight seen towards the back of the lap .
the 23 - year - old serbian - born model appears in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 at the bernabeu in the champions league .  thierry henry has hit out at javier hernandez for celebrating the game .  the on - loan striker said he owes all the credit to his team - mate .  henry said : ' to be fair to him he doesn ' t really play .  he was given an opportunity tonight but we still don ' t know whether he will play again ' .
a complete 13 - page checklist from the gemini 4 mission in june 1965 is tipped to sell for 80 , 000 ( $ 120 , 000 )
chelsea beat roma 4 - 0 in the uefa youth league final on friday .  dominic solanke scored a brace before tammy abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes .  chelsea will now face shakhtar donetsk ' s u19s team in the final .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have come face - to - face just once in the build - up to the fight .  carey has long been a fan of mayweather having attended his fight against shane mosley in 2010 .
olly barkley has extended his stay at london welsh .  the 33 - year - old previously played for bath , gloucester and the scarlets .  welsh are set to return to the championship next season .
prime minister ate his hotdog with cutlery as he enjoyed lunch in poole .  he surprised onlookers with his style , picking up a knife and fork to chop the hotdog .  old etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing .
lazio beat empoli 4 - 0 at the stadio olimpico .  miroslav klose and felipe anderson scored further goals .  napoli beat fiorentina 3 - 0 to retake fourth place .
landmark developments ltd tore down a derelict property in bath city centre .  but residents complained that the development was three feet higher .  bath and north east somerset council says the developer has committed a ' breach of planning control ' and ordered the building to be bulldozed .  the average price of a two - bedroom flat in the area is 289 , 000 .
adam rushton took advantage of being a beat officer to have sex with women . 37 - year - old found guilty of five counts of misconduct and breaching data protection laws while employed by police .  rushton , from newcastle - under - lyme , has been with newcastle police for ten years .
department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations .  it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent 7million on its tear - jerking advert campaign featuring monty the penguin .  a 64cm high ' cambric and cream father christmas sack ' is now available to buy half price at 17 . 50 - compared to 35 in the build up to christmas last year .
aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system .  she collided head - on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 , and one of the children later died from their injuries .  when told of this , keaton , 24 , said ; ' sh * t happens ' .
stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players .  lee mcculloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers .  mccall hopes that for the time he is manager of rangers , he will be the last player to get booed .
walter smith has praised stuart mccall ' s impact at ibrox .  the former motherwell boss played under stuart mccall for seven seasons .  smith attended a john hartson foundation golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness .
kevin sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the rhinos against sheffield eagles in 1997 .  warrington had produced their best display in an 18 - 6 win over leeds in march .  stefan ratchford and second rower ben currie were also on the scoresheet .
david king , 70 , from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .  his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in pierres , south - west of caen .  an unnamed 28 - year - old frenchman has been charged with his murder .
stan cole , an iraq veteran , captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine , texas .  he said : ' perhaps 10 years in iraq and afghanistan , my danger meter needs to be recalibrated ' .
villagers in cledford , cheshire , have opposed the plans saying travellers could ' intimidate ' nearby pensioners .  but cheshire east council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting which will create a ' transit site ' with room for nine gipsy families .  it will be fully demolished to make way for the site which will house gypsy families for a maximum of 28 days before they must move on .
kentucky senator rand paul is on the defensive after an acrimonious exchange with today host savannah guthrie on wednesday morning .  paul said he needs to ' have more patience ' with reporters , even if he ' s ' annoyed ' with them .
a poll of 2 , 000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating .  but many admit they know where they are going wrong .  men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job .
robert knowles , 68 , from plymouth , is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 .  he has been in court at least once a year since 1959 .  the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record .  he pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth 50 from h samuel in the city centre .
john carver says he and jonas gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on .  the pair were involved in a dispute last week and carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad .  newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the premier league if they lose to the swans .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , went into a coma in december after a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover .  in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles .
providenciales , in turks and caicos , was named the best island in the world .  the caribbean island , north - east of cuba , was tops in the website ' s travellers  choice awards for 2015 .  the rankings are based on reviews from users around the world with an algorithm that considers the quantity and quality of reviews and ratings for each island  s hotels , restaurants and attractions .
the p - 51d mustang was restored by father - and - son team bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to u . s . servicemen who have died in combat .  originally built in 1945 , it was among scores of long - range , single - seat bombers rolled out during world war two .  the yoaks say their aircraft is a ' celebration of our nation ' s armed forces ' .
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but didn ' t do enough against chelsea .  cesc fabregas would have been better than the german for 42million .  ozil was tidy , nothing more than the game enough to affect the result .
jay alvarrez and alexis rene love nothing more than travelling the world .  their travels take them across the globe , from their california base to hawaii and indonesia .  jay has 735 , 000 followers and alexis boasts 1 . 1million for the shots her boyfriend takes of her .
party said schoolchildren were being exposed to ' propaganda ' from brussels .  campaign chief patrick o ' flynn accused brussels of performing yet another u - turn on its immigration policy .  ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier , and warned under - 18s should not be allowed a say .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off .  chief superintendent john o ' hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .  rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 .
gang broke into an aviary in walsall , west midlands , on january 12 .  they bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and dumped them on the floor .  the birds were also jammed into drawers , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog .  three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month .
jimmy anderson beat sir ian botham ' s all - time england wicket - taking record .  anderson took the wicket of denesh ramdin to claim his 384th wicket .  west indies captain dennis ramdin was caught in the gully by james treadwell .
a woman in her mid - to late 30s was at melbourne ' s greatest ever easter egg hunt at caulfield racecourse .  she was told by a 13 - year - old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and told the young person to ' f * * * off ' .  the event was run by zaidee ' s rainbow foundation .  more than 2 , 500 chocolate lovers paid $ 5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on saturday .
jason dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 .  the pair separated in february and the divorce was finalised on march 31 .  amanda has been awarded $ 2 . 5million ( 1 . 8m ) while jason will keep two of the couple ' s houses .
ryan wray , 26 , was charged with second - degree felony forcible sexual abuse on friday .  he was tasked with keeping safe women who ' could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off - campus frat house .  a woman who went to a party at the ' pike house ' told police she awoke to find wray ' touching her inappropriately ' .
steffon armitage has been one of the standout forwards in europe in recent seasons .  harlequins director of rugby conor o ' shea believes the clause could create tension in the current international set - up .
survivors said the two - deck vessel  flipped  after a commercial ship was spotted .  men on the deck ran to one side , the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea .  hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died immediately .
leanne kenny , 23 , from northwich , cheshire , reached almost 20 stone .  would snack on bumper bars of chocolate , baked goods and fizzy drinks .  but after ditching the snacks she has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st .
tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16 , 000 new apprenticeships at costa , morrisons , and the national grid .  mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election .  costa coffee and supermarket chain morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action .  footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn .  he later uploaded the video online with the dog ' s owner stepping forward .
a man has been rescued twice from cockle bay wharf in sydney ' s darling harbour .  the man was on the boat dock when emergency services received a report that a person had entered the water .  before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again .  he was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure .
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers .  there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend - long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , nudity , lewd behaviour and violence .  the new powers , approved by deputy premier and planning minister jackie trad , means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house .
pope francis has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere .  among those chosen to take turns were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china .  standing under a red canopy this evening francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom .  earlier today pope francis attended the celebration of the lord ' s passion at st peter ' s basilica in vatican city .
steven christopher costa , 31 , plans to head to the middle east to fight isis .  married father - of - two will make 4 , 000 - mile trip after raising cash to pay for flights .  mr costa will join up with kurdish fighters and other foreign ex - servicemen .
heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer denis budkov , 35 , during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka .  animal family have bear - ly a concern in the world as they play and snooze in the sunshine .
mercedes team - mate nico rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 .  the duo finished 15th and 16th , 1 . 706secs and 1 . 805secs adrift respectively of kimi raikkonen in his ferrari .  rosberg returned to the circuit with a lap of one minute 34 . 647secs .
bill spedding , 63 , has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault .  the new south wales ombudsman is investigating how he was able to live with three young boys at the time of william tyrrell ' s disappearance .  spedding was arrested and charged on wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in sydney ' s mid north coast in 1987 .
bafetimbi gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury .  gomis came off in the early stages of swansea ' s 1 - 1 home draw with everton .  the frenchman will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses .  footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands .  despite elliot ' s best efforts , gemma keeps licking away .
newcastle slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to spurs last weekend .  thousands of supporters boycotted the match in protest at a lack of ambition and investment from owner mike ashley .  john carver says he is not afraid about giving his honest opinion on events at st james ' park .
toto wolff says mercedes may have to make ' an unpopular call ' for drivers .  nico rosberg turned on hamilton during sunday ' s chinese grand prix .  rosberg claimed he was merely looking after his tyres .
alexis douglas was playing at her sister ' s friend ' s house in melbourne earlier this year when a neighbour ' s pitbull attacked the little girl .  the five - year - old was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm and required 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years .  her mother monique douglas has told daily mail australia that she cries every day for her daughter who has been left so traumatised she is unable to play outside by herself .
jake castner , from ballarat in victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts .  the 19 - year - old joked about the ' nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences .  on april 6 , he boasted ' police can ' t catch me when i ' m prowling ' .
seven of the world ' s most endangered crocodiles flew from melbourne to the philippines today .  the custom - designed boxes which the crocodiles travelled in contained canvas bags cushioned by soft wood wool .  the reptiles were conceived and hatched at the melbourne zoo , the first and only australian zoo to breed them .  there are only about 250 philippines crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered crocodilian species in the world .
bernadette forde was found dead in a wheelchair in her sitting room in june 2011 .  gail o ' rorke , 43 , has been charged with helping her to kill herself .  she is alleged to have helped her buy a ' toxic ' substance over the course .  ms forde , from donnybrook , was a cleaner and carer for the wheelchair - bound woman .  the 43 - year - old taxi driver pleaded not guilty at dublin circuit criminal court .
more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america .  visitors can reach the tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of supai .  the picturesque plot was claimed by the national park rangers in 1975 .  the tribe also grow food and weave as a source of livelihood , although being situated at the base of the canyon has left them vulnerable to flooding .
group of chelsea fans stormed arsenal ' s emirates stadium this week .  they labelled themselves the ' c - team ' while wearing jose mourinho , diego costa , didier drogba and cesc fabregas masks .  the two - minute clip shows the blues fans displaying large blue and white letters in front of a concrete arsenal sign before it reads ' chelsea ' .
zachary davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother ' s skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze .  on tuesday , a court heard how davis , now 17 , laughed as he killed his elder sibling josh with a sledgehammer .  he is charged with first - degree murder , attempted murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene .
david cameron urged an audience to support west ham during a speech .  he said : ' this country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place ' .  the pm subsequently admitted he ' d suffered a ' brain fade ' during the election campaign address in croydon .
thomas tuchel will replace borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp .  the 41 - year - old has been at dortmund since the age of 36 .  tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his mainz contract .
zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet .  suddenly the skier can be seen falling to the floor as heavy snow closes in around him .  the skier , who was lucky to escape serious injury , later discussed the incident online .
the research has been hailed a ' tour de force ' by scientists at stanford university .  the laboratory - engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours , but also distant metastases that have spread through the body .  the team concluded their approach differed to other potential treatments that only apply to specific cancers .
usain bolt , 28 , said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food .  his chef is chasing him round the house to check he is eating his greens .  he said he needs to be ' perfect in training ' and ' eating right is a part of training ' .
43 % of voters think ed miliband ' comes across as wanting to win the most ' .  only 25 % thought mr cameron was hungriest for the job , and 13 % said neither .  opinion polls suggest result is too close to call , although two polls yesterday put tories ahead .
the 22 - year - old said she kneed jason lee , an ex - goldman sachs managing director , in the hamptons .  he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $ 35 , 000 a month rented mansion .  lee , 38 , has denied first - degree rape , sexual misconduct and third - degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted .
susan pease gadoua says a fixed - term starter marriage contract would work better for many modern day couples .  couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for ' two , three , four or more years  whatever works for you and your partner ' .  if the couple do decide to part , the separation should be more amicable than other divorces might be and reduce the odds of individuals feeling like they have ' failed ' .
the 97 dogs were kept in coffee county , tennessee , without any windows .  some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine , and there was a wheelbarrow in the barn filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots .  property owner caroline irby , 64 , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $ 10 , 000 bond .
navinder sarao ' s family ' s semi - detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges .  his thousands of high - frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london .  he was arrested on tuesday at the request of us authorities , who have accused him of helping to trigger the wall street ' flash crash ' of 2010 , in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices .
ahmed gaddaf al - dam , a former minister and muammar gaddafi ' s cousin , said ' overwhelming chaos ' in libya ' has become a shame ' .  he said western countries have shed ' the tears of crocodiles over democracy and human rights ' .  but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government ' s role in helping to overthrow the dictator .
muhammadu buhari said his government would do everything in their power to bring the students home .  the announcement came as a march held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted by boko haram militants .
holidaymakers had gathered to watch the cannonball be fired from the wooden trebuchet during a display at warwick castle .  sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby boathouse , causing it to erupt into flames .  the thatched building , which overlooks the river avon within the castle grounds , was unaccupied at the time .  warwick castle said the attraction remains open today despite the incident .
arsenal under - 21s fell to a 3 - 2 defeat by middlesbrough on monday night .  deyan iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after scythed down boro ' s harry chapman in the box .  emmanuel ledesma converted the penalty past substitute stopper matt macey .
radar images from europe ' s sentinel - 1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail .  by comparing before and after images , scientists have discovered mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster .  an area 75 miles ( 120km ) by 30 miles ( 50km ) has lifted up 3 . 2ft ( 1 metre ) from the ground around the capital , kathmandu .
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses .  these include changing catheter and colostomy bags , feeding through a tube and even administering morphine .  more than three - quarters asked for more training to cope with extra procedures but only 27 per cent had received any .
robbie neilson says danny wilson will only leave hearts if it is the right move for the club .  hearts have already secured promotion to the scottish premiership under neilson ' s stewardship .  neilson insists the likes of jason denayer and virgil van dijk will only happen on his say - so if the price is right .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
lisa webb , 34 , was shocked to find roti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu .  in her native canada , children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch .  they were given 20 minutes to wolf down whatever their parents had packed for them .
the ' chair of death ' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave .  bruno amadio  s portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s when a south firefighter claimed to have noticed the painting left unscathed .  the $ 65 , 000 walking stick is now housed in the kentucky history museum .
hafeez bhatti , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , are a ' hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan seeking a better life in australia .  stacey eden , 23 , heard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ' isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .  the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on a sydney train .
porto face bayern munich in their champions league quarter - final first leg .  julen lopetegui says the team ' hasn ' t stopped growing ' .  porto are the only undefeated side in the champions league so far .  atletico madrid , monaco and bayern are only sides to have been more frugal .  click here for all the latest porto news .
fire poured over westhampton beach on wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed .  it is not known what started the blaze , which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings .
wanquan castle , in china ' s northern hebei province , was built in 1393 .  the fortress was protected by an imposing 12 - metre wall that repelled every attack which invading mongolian armies could throw at it .  the restoration work will see the restoration of the ming and qing era commercial districts , the great wall martial museum , the golden harvest academy and performance theatres .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on saturday .  john terry led the celebrations on the field at full - time .  jose mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne ' s south - east , was charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' .  he is one of two 18 - year - old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ' isis inspired ' attack on an anzac day ceremony .  a number of ' edged weapons ' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched .
an estimated one in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort .  lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , has proved so successful he was crowned world champion in his age group last year .
cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by antonio amaya .  the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .  real madrid want the yellow card shown to ronaldo to be rescinded .
adam federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner on the same weekend as the fa cup final .  the 30 - year - old goalkeeper had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final .  reading boss steve clarke expects the keeper to start against birmingham on wednesday .
arsene wenger has been criticised for spending arsenal ' s money like it ' s his own .  the arsenal boss said he could ' smell ' something happening .  chelsea have had the title race firmly under control since before christmas .  the same thing has happened this year this year and no team is better than arsenal to dislodge them .  this is the summer when arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly - men .
topshop and topman set to open second sydney store on thursday 16th april .  british label has asked cheyenne to west and nic westaway to host the event .  exclusive breakfast will be hosted by australian beauty and australia ' s next top model judge .
fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ' sexy grey tie ' .  one tweet read : ' miliband is totally talking to me and no one else , you sexy beast ' .  another said : ' ed seducing the ladies with his patter .  he ' s so hot right now , just like hansel # leadersdebate # zoolander ' .
jordan ibe has been absent for the last six weeks with knee ligaments .  brendan rodgers will include him in his squad to face newcastle on monday .  the 19 - year - old has done well since breaking into the liverpool first team .  liverpool have dropped off the pace in the race for a top four spot .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
saskia ' s boyfriend made her take an arsenal test and didn ' t dump her .  the test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions , tables to complete , and ' in your own words .  .  .  ' .  saskia scored an impressive 43 . 5 out of 50 , according to her unnamed boyfriend .  she needs to ' learn all player positions ' and should understand that ' tottenham are scum ' .
vera maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man .  she was initially arrested over the death of a 70 - year - old woman last august . but she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 .
natalia moon moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia .  she became fluent in the local language , tagalog , in the hope of becoming a star .  the 23 - year - old promotes herself as ' the barbie from down under ' .  she will attend the golden screen tv awards on april 26 .
graziano pelle scored in southampton ' s 1 - 1 friendly draw with england .  the 29 - year - old has scored eight goals in his last 13 premier league games .  ronald koeman has backed pelle to go on a run during final eight games .
researchers from the usc dornsife college of letters , arts and sciences , found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll .  the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet .  the discovery is the result of a massive , labor - intensive to organize 40 years ' worth of data from peer - reviewed research articles detailing connections in rat brains .
the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment .  a note on the cardboard container , left on a woman ' s car , indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died .
graeme finlay , 53 , insisted he acted in self - defence after being attacked by ron phillips , 70 , wielding his crutch .  the couple were travelling on a thomson celebration ship off lanzarote .  finlay claimed mr phillips threw a cup of cocoa in his face and demanded an apology .  he said : ' i felt myself being struck by something sharp and i put my arms over my face with my arms , i didn ' t want my eye poked out ' .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his 2million home to his children .  his flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in march last year .  it puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims suing him for compensation .  revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former labour mp for child abuse .
michael vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the role of director of england cricket .  the former england captain is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart .  vaughan is one of the busiest men in cricket , earning close to 1million a year through his various media roles with the bbc , sky , channel 5 and the daily telegraph .
david moore , 25 , went berserk with street rage after leaving his home in burnley .  rafal cegielka , 45 , was picking up his child from st john ' s primary school .  moore then jumped out of his vehicle , and punched the father in the face .  he then smashed up his car with a hockey stick in front of young children .  moore later told police he had had a ' bad day ' and ' his head was all over the place ' .
a 51 - year - old woman has been charged with a string of offences .  footage of the incident shows a bitter and racially fuelled argument .  she appears in her neighbour ' s front yard , verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him .  the men swoop on the lady and attempt to pull the crowbar out of her hands , sending her sprawling onto the ground .  the woman , who works as a chef , insists she was the victim .
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven - years - old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it .  she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , but was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible .
robin van persie is a target for juventus and inter milan this summer .  the manchester united striker has been out injured for six weeks .  radamel falcao is expected to leave united at the end of his loan spell .  united have an interest in psg striker edinson cavani .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
boxer amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat .  the 28 - year - old posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco . the pictures come eight years after mr khan was convicted for driving without due care and attention after running over a man and breaking his leg .
woman , in her 20s , lost her footing and fallen from deck after punt hit another boat .  two of her friends jumped in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to pull her out .  britons given first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21c - marking the hottest day of the year so far .
lee thompson co - founded the flash pack , a small group flashpacking tour company .  in vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters , most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic that would make western country ' s peak hours look tame .
philippe coutinho is becoming liverpool ' s go - to guy , says sportsmail ' s jamie carragher .  the brazil international starred for liverpool in their 2 - 0 win against newcastle united on monday night .  but he could not nab himself a goal , according to sportsmail .
colby ramos - francis , who is 17 months old , was born with a small , heart - shaped growth over his eyelid .  but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand , threatening his sight .  his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad .  this week , colby had the tumour removed free - of - charge thanks to the us - based little baby face foundation .
the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16 . 7 per cent from the same period last year .  indonesia institute president ross taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about indonesia among fellow nationals .  mr taylor said mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban , which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism , such as five - star hotels .
margaret tyler , 71 , was at the lindo wing for the birth of prince george .  john loughery , 60 , was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008 .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3 - 2 in the uefa youth team league .  izzy brown and dominic solanke scored for the blues .  the blues are now the holders of the fa youth cup .  they will face manchester city in their fifth final in six seasons .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
army major john jackson and his wife carolyn are on trial for abusing their three foster children over a period of years .  the jacksons had three biological children and three adopted children .  they were stationed at picatinny arsenal , a military installation 40 miles west of new york city when the abuse occurred between 2005 and 2010 .
the duchess of cambridge ' s baby is expected before the end of april .  due date initially reported as yesterday , but later claimed to be as early as wednesday .  either way kate - who plans to give birth at st mary ' s hospital in paddington , central london , is now overdue .  joint favourite dates for the royal birth are tomorrow and tuesday at 6 / 1 .
karen buckley , 24 , disappeared from glasgow club in early hours of sunday morning .  cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby kelvindale .  but fears over the student ' s safety were heightened after police revealed they had tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect .
ryan bertrand has made 26 premier league appearances for southampton so far this season .  the 25 - year - old got his little girl a red ferrari just like his own .  bertrand has been one of ronald koeman ' s stars of the season .
tonya stack ' flipped me the bird ' as soon as she spotted him at the event .  stack and mike stack have been at the center of a political row .  stack ' s ' handpicked ' candidate was chosen to contest the election , but lost to a republican .
women from around the world have been writing letters to ivan milat since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago .  milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992 .  in the letters , he tells his eldest nephew alistair shipsey about his ' fair share ' of ' sheilas ' , who write ' some frightening things ' .  shipsey says
' crystal clear ' footage was handed into the metropolitan police by worker .  worker had reportedly contacted 101 on monday believing detectives would have similar images of the 60m raid .  but force has refused to make the images public  despite claims it is the best footage yet . comes after force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off just after midnight on good friday - four days before the raid was discovered .
the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill - fated offensive .  the day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner , attended by princess anne .  later the queen joined a service of remembrance at westminster abbey , where she laid a wreath at the grave of the unknown warrior .  the national flags of australia , new zealand , turkey and the uk were placed close to the high altar as a sign of reconciliation between old enemies .
cristiano ronaldo returned to real madrid ' s valdebebas training ground .  martin odegaard is the youngest player to start a euro qualifier .  carlo ancelotti led the first - team - and martin odent - in training .  real host granada in an 11am kick - off at the bernabeu on sunday .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
lazio beat napoli 1 - 0 in the coppa italia on wednesday .  the roman outfit will now face juventus in the final on june 7 .  senad lulic scored the winner for lazio in the 2 - 1 defeat of napoli .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather , who has not been named , out of the house friday morning and into the driveway .  he did not however see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her .  this is the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah .
lindsey vonn appeared in augusta , georgia on thursday to cheer on her beau tiger woods while he goes after a fifth masters championship .  the 30 - year - old ' s right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice .  vonn won her 67th world cup win and 18th season title after coming back from her second knee surgery last year .
graphic artist zach yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces .  the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer , which he dips in dark chocolate .  the biggest challenge he faces is to get the picture etched into the froth before it dissolves and the coffee turns cold .
hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as bob marley for the final game of the season at carlisle united .  kick it out have urged carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who might decide to ' black up ' for the fixture .  the anti - racism body have urged the club to refuse admission .
aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for yorkshire again this summer .  the australia world cup - winner had to retire hurt after a quick single for mumbai indians in their indian premier league match against rajasthan royals .  finch tweeted : ' looks like i ' ll be out of the rest of @ ipl at this stage ! ' .
jack nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam .  the 75 - year - old added a hole in one on the 130 - yard hole at augusta .  nicklaus became the youngest person to wear a green jacket in 1963 .
audrey bolte , who also finished runner - up in miss usa , told the ohio court she was looking forward to seeing ryan poston , 29 , at a bar to play pool and drink on october 12 , 2012 .  prosecutors allege that hubers shot poston because she was furious he was trying to break up with her .  hubers , who was 21 at the time , denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self - defense .
newcastle are set to strip fabricio coloccini of the club captaincy .  the former argentina defender has been skipper since 2011 .  john carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season .
liam treadwell won the race on venetia williams - trained 100 - 1 shot mon mome in 2009 .  the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available .  tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides .
andros townsend hailed harry kane as the ' best finisher ' he has played with .  kane made his england debut as a substitute on friday against lithuania .  kane started last night ' s friendly against italy , scoring after only 79 seconds .
veronica  roni  gonzalez and her fiance ely alba gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble .  of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds .  veronica and ely  s sister , who has not been identified , were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles .
asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying to mecca at half - time in fa cup match .  liverpool supporter stephen dodd tweeted photograph with caption  disgrace to humanity 
radamel falcao ' s effort is thwarted by chelsea goalkeeper thibaut cortois .  the colombian forward has yet to score against the top level premier league teams . chelsea captain john terry was on top of him after the pair got tangled on the ground .
toddler ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in des moines , washington , on tuesday .  the 40 - year - old mother was stunned with a taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in fife .  she managed to untie herself , but had to flee without her son , police said .
two years ago , miss sturgeon said : ' we have always said it ' s a once in a generation ' .  but she said she would not call for another plebiscite in snp manifesto .  scottish first minister was accused of holding britain to ' ransom ' .  she said :  i ' m offering to help make ed miliband prime minister .  i don ' t want to see the tories in downing street ' .
jason matthews , 40 , left his black saab 93 in a side street on his way to manchester marathon on april 19 .  but when he finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it .  he spent hours driving through the area of manchester united ' s old trafford ground before going to a police station to ask for help .  a good samaritan gave up his day off to join the search and found it safe and sound in an office car park in salford quays .
shae - lee shackleford , 28 , lana kington , 25 , madison lloyd , 27 , were interviewed by ellen de generes on tuesday .
kenwyne jones came from the bench to score within three minutes of bournemouth ' s debut against ipswich .  freddie sears converted from close range to put bournemouth ahead in the early exchanges of the game .  jones was taken on loan from cardiff 10 days ago .
francis pusok , 30 , was believed to have stolen horse on thursday afternoon .  eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking him for two minutes .  they stun him again , and again , before launching over to kick him .
the search for a two - metre south american boa constrictor has been called off .  the search began on queensland ' s gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile .  snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the boa has inclusion body disease ' it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' .
pep guardiola landed roman abramovich in the summer of 2012 .  the bayern munich coach was spooked by the russian ' s habit of hiring and firing managers .  guardiolovich recruited the likes of eden hazard and eden hazard for 32million .  bayern ' s dominance of the german domestic scene means they fight for fourth place .  click here for all the latest bayern munich news .
british warship hms bulwark and german supply ship berlin to be sent to the region .  biggest sign of european union ' s belated commitment to the cause .  two dozen wooden caskets containing the only bodies recovered from a weekend capsizing off libya were laid out for a memorial service .  victims of the worst - ever migrant disaster in the mediterranean were buried thursday in malta .
six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes each week .  one in eight haven ' t vacuumed at all this year so far ; a fifth never polish or dust their windows before .  other top ranking ' cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the plug hole , only changing bed sheets once a month and letting exploded food in the microwave fester .
izzat ibrahim al - douri died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province , north of baghdad , on friday .  today , his body was returned to baghdad and delivered to the ministry of health as crowds gathered to get a closer look at the ' king of clubs ' .  the 72 - year - old was deputy to saddam when he was deposed following the us - led invasion of iraq in 2003 .
prime minister said he made ' no apology ' for focusing on the economy .  he will appeal to small firms and the self - employed , saying : ' nothing matters more ' .  he said labour ' s ' disastrous ' plans for higher taxes and borrowing would risk the stability of people  s lives .  thousands of small business leaders will back the party in an open letter .
stoke city manager mark hughes is keen to extend the britannia stadium pitch .  the potters ' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the premier league .  arsenal , manchester city , manchester united and newcastle all currently comply with the regulations and have pitch sizes of 105m x 68m .
' we will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and attacks , ' she told reporters in new hampshire bastion of keene .  ' i we ' ll get on to the issues ' , she said , ' worth noting that the republicans seem to be talking only about me ' .  clinton is making her first campaign visit this year to new hampshire , a state beloved by the clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 and 1992 campaign a second wind .
goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to one metre in length in the waterways of western australia .  the native fish in the region are less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows .  aside from feasting on local fish and taking their homes , introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them .
joselyn alejandra nino is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday .  she gained notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle began circulating on social media .  the woman , who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s , began operating under the name rio bravo .  she is the third woman with that nickname to suffer at the hands of a rival cartel .
a four - year - old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the white house under lockdown .  the unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on sunday afternoon .  ' child was fine and was safely reunited with parents ' following the incident , secret service spokesman brian leary told cnn .  the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on saturday .
the theory was proposed by hawaii scientists at the university of hawaii at manoa .  astronomers first found the ' cold spot ' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - in 2004 .  in the map , the universe is fairly evenly distributed , apart from in this one area .  if confirmed , the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity .
piers morgan says arsenal would be a ' perfect ' fit for jurgen klopp .  borussia dortmund have struggled in the bundesliga , flirting with relegation before recovering to sit 10th with six games to go .  morgan has long been a critic of jose mourinho and believes the club will be a perfect fit for the ' dynamic , driven young winner ' .
neil macgregor , 68 , said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years .  he previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster .  he said : ' working with this collection has been the greatest privilege of my professional life ' .
tony degrafreed , 50 , of indianapolis , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca , 47 , at their home on july 20 , 2014 .  he was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison , but served less than half of that sentence .
john and karen copleston claim paul phillips , 67 , ' constantly harassed ' them .  they moved a gate at the back of their 210 , 000 house in poole , dorset .  mr phillips , the treasurer of the local neighbourhood watch scheme , has been handed a restraining order .
train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , south carolina .  it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks .  at the time , vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic chemical .  derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak , authorities said .  thirty people were subsequently evacuated as a ' precaution ' .
u .  s . army staf sgt .  julian mcdonald of columbus , ohio has welcomed a 4 - year - old belgian malinois named layka .  layka was on her eighth military tour with sgt .  mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an ak - 47 .
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt ' s home .  officers knocked on a neighbour ' s door and asked for a black bin bag .  mr hunt , from normanton , derby , spent two days putting up ' lost cat ' posters .  he accused police of a ' lack of humanity ' and demanded a face - to - face apology .
april 26 , 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen .  in recent years , the chernobyl nuclear explosion site , and nearby ghost town of pripyat , ukraine , have seen an increase in tourist interest . visits to the 50 - kilometre exclusion zone , a contamination zone guarded by security , are highly regulated .
jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15 - year career as a manager .  petr cech has formed himself a legendary reputation at chelsea .  sergio ramos has been a star at the back for real madrid for 10 years .
hina shamim , 21 , died close to the university of kingston last night .  she was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week .  friends said she was ' much - loved and the most charming lovely girl in the world ' .  friends claim she was on her way to hand in coursework when she died .
louis van gaal has been impressed with michael carrick ' s contribution to the team .  borussia dortmund ' s ilkay gundogan is a long - term successor to carrick .  the 33 - year - old has been linked with a move away from old trafford .  gundog ' s existing contract expires at the end of next season .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon refused to rule out a second independence vote if the snp wins the 2016 holyrood elections .  ms sturgeon has vehemently criticised david cameron ' s pledge to hold an in - out referendum on europe .  she added it was ' another matter ' whether a vote for her party in 2016 would bring about a second vote on independence .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama .  he was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  he has helped refine mr miliband  s message about tackling cost of living .
shayna hubers , 24 , has been charged with murder in the october 12 , 2012 , shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29 - year - old ryan poston .  hubers claimed she was acting in self - defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave him ' the nose job he wanted ' .
robert bates , 73 , from tulsa , oklahoma , appeared on the today show on friday flanked by his lawyer and family members .  he was unaware he had pulled out his gun instead of a taser and shot dead eric harris , 44 , during a botched sting operation on april 2 .  bates turned himself in to face charges of second - degree manslaughter .
intrepid travel have 100 , 000 customers in nepal and have all been accounted for and are safe .  the british foreign office has advised tourists in nepal to follow the advice from local authorities .  around 1 , 000 tourists have amassed at tribhuvan international airport in kathmandu in the hope of getting out of nepal .  nepal  s capital kathmandu was one of the worst - hit areas in nepal , with the epicentre just 50 miles north of the city .
stefania la greca , 36 , is running for local elections in southern italy .  she is a political candidate for the lega sud ausonia - a small independent party .  but she has defended her pictures and denied using her looks to get votes .
footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia .  shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies .  the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less - than comfortable snooze .
russell ' rusty ' yates , who has since remarried and has a son , slammed her murder trial as the ' cruelest thing he had ever witnessed ' .  andrea yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their suburban texas home in june 2001 .  she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison in 2006 after prosecutors tried to get the death penalty .  in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility .
scott kaiser captured the footage in santa barbara , california .  the bird rolls its head right back , opens its mouth and inflates its air sacs .  pelicans are large water birds that have mainly light - coloured plumage .
alondra luna nunez , 14 , was torn away from her parents in guanajuato , mexico last week after being forced into a police vehicle .  a dna test proved she was not the daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia , who claimed her daughter was her daughter .
superyachts can sell for more than 50million , while others cost more than 400 , 000 a week to charter .  one owner threw a party with two live tigers , allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals .
madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18 .  she wrote words like ' ugly ' , ' annoying ' and ' phony ' on the board .  it only stopped when the girl started crying and started crying .  the 40 - year - old has now launched court action against the city ' s education department as she attempts to get her licence back so she can work in another school .
cornwall - set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes .  it helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a year .  about 8 . 1million people on average have watched each episode .
a federal jury in salt lake city on thursday awarded more than $ 270 , 000 to marcia eisenhour .  storey wrote in 2007 , ' i ' d love to harvest your sweet grapes , ' and called her the ' most gorgeous thing alive ' .  storey was a judge for weber county justice court from 1984 until 2010 , when a new ogden justice court opened and took over the county ' s caseload .
will stack , a u . s . army national guardsman , has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects ' on the basis of their color ' .  in the video , which has gone viral on social media , he recounts how he was pulling out of lexington county courthouse on wednesday to make a left turn .  moments later , he was stopped by the cop for ' improper use of the median ' .
aaron murphy scored twice in a seven - try romp as huddersfield beat catalans dragons 38 - 14 .  ukuma ta ' ai , who also scored twice , caught and off - loaded a kick from danny brough on 37 minutes .  murphy , 27 , has now scored six tries in his last five appearances .
dougie freedman is set to sign a new two - year deal at nottingham forest . freedman has impressed at the city ground since replacing stuart pearce in february .
coachella is a hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked .  medical experts warn that festival - goers should take steps to avoid catching diseases like the flu , norovirus , salmonella , and even hepatitis a . even stars like justin bieber and kendall jenner are not immune from the risk of contracting hepatitis a and shigellosis .
dr giorgi - guarnieri said hinckley should be allowed to start the band but not perform publicly .  he said he ' s ready to live full time at his 89 - year - old mother ' s home in virginia under certain conditions .  if the man who shot president reagan is allowed to leave a mental hospital for good , he should have to live under strict conditions , wearing an ankle monitoring device and driving a car with a gps tracking device .
kristen lindsey , 31 , from brenham , texas , lost her job at the washington animal clinic after the image began circulating online .  a local rescue center say the cat , believed to be called tiger , was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks .  a facebook page called ' justice for the cat murdered by kirsten lindsey ' has already been ' liked ' by more than 7 , 000 people .  local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges .
broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis .  patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit .  uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
sean reardon was stopped by police as he drove through chico in california .  claims he was wrestled to the floor by two officers who then hit him with a baton or stick .  reardon says he was subjected to violence ' without provocation ' and had to be put on a ventilator in hospital .  he is said to be almost twice over the legal limit for driving and had traces of methamphetamine and cocaine in his blood .
jeff astle ' s brain ' resembled that of a boxer ' s ' , says greg dyke .  west brom fans paid tribute to astle on ' astle day ' at the hawthorns .  baggies striker saido berahino wore the no 9 shirt during the match .  dyke apologised for the fa ' s failure to acknowledge the significance of astle  s death .
the 43 - year - old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated .  sir bruce and co - host tess daly failed to receive a nomination from the show . comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda , eight , recovered after her halloween costume caught fire .
juventus face as monaco in the champions league quarter - final on tuesday .  massimiliano allegri ' s side have conceded only four goals in eight games .  borussia dortmund beat benfica 5 - 1 on aggregate in the last 16 .  click here for all the latest juventus news .
marcus and aaliyah were trapped in a second - floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in clinton , maryland .  the boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher that his older brother , mother and step - father were also in the home .  the siblings were taken to children ' s hospital with non - life threatening injuries .
lord tebbit hit out at david cameron for not being a ' real man ' with ' real depth of experience ' .  former airline pilot also criticised mr cameron ' s tactics in playing up the threat of a labour - snp government .  he also suggested tory voters north of the border vote tactically for labour .
frank knight posted an apology on his facebook account last week .  he has agreed to pay damages of 20 , 000 to blackpool and the oyston family .  the 67 - year - old is being sued by the club ' s owners over allegations he made on his social network account last year .  blackpool are the first football league side to be relegated when their demotion into the third tier was confirmed on easter monday .
james wilson would take wayne rooney ' s free - kick if he could have one of his qualities .  the manchester united striker said he would want robin van persie ' s movement and radamel falcao ' s instincts .  wilson has scored one premier league goal this season against queens park rangers .
india mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted .  she was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival .  her mother , brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds .
richie benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc .  he was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2 , 000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests .  benaud had the eagle eye to see what warne was doing in the first place , but it beat anything else we had to offer .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on march 14 in grafton , nsw .  her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed any of her bank or social media accounts .  her son , eli edwards , said his family is struggling to come to terms with his mother ' s disappearance .  police and family say they hold ' grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character .
wasps beat london welsh 40 - 13 at the kassam stadium .  tom varndell , ashley johnson , sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua all scored tries for the hosts .  wasps ' hunt for an automatic european champions cup spot next season had stuttered after winning just one of their previous five fixtures in all competitions .
five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems . we had stared into the abyss of a complete failure of the international financial system .  we have outperformed every other major economy .
the group , calling themselves hookers for hillary , all work at dennis hof ' s infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city .  the legal brothel , which was the subject of hbo ' s cathouse series , has drafted a four - point platform explaining their endorsement .
lewis hamilton is bidding to win his second world championship this season .  mika hakkinen says hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself .  rosberg accused hamilton of compromising his race at last weekend ' s chinese grand prix .
police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach on friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money .  beatrize carrion - moore is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex .
dog tags came from world war ii veteran cpl .  william benn , who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach .  metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found them after a storm last year .  purple hearts reunited says it will use the money from the military order of the purple heart service foundation to cover the ' purchase or rescue ' of purple heart medals .
fiona , 51 , said she knew the assailant had ' picked the wrong lady ' .  she and a friend were initially concerned after hearing someone cutting into the fly screen at her front door .  fiona was left with heavy purple bruising around her right eye .  police said there has been a spike in thefts in the como area .
the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in a row .  judges gave the award ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent on sunday .
troy deeney won the championship ' s player of the month award for march .  watford are just one point behind championship leaders bournemouth with five games left to play .  deeney believes he can follow in the path of charlie austin and danny ings by becoming a premier league hit .
mike whitehead was standing against labour ' s alan johnson in hull west and hessle .  he claimed he was joining ukip after becoming ' disgusted ' at behaviour .  tories this morning revealed they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate .  mr whitehead said he could no longer carry on ' in good conscience ' .
rafael may have played his last game for manchester united .  the brazilian right - back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer .  united have handed trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire .
mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani withdrew from the squad .  leeds president massimo cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to the players pulling out of the championship .  cellino has been banned since january after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy .
pelvic organ prolapse , or pop , occurs when tissue supporting the womb becomes weak , typically after childbirth . complications include an uncomfortable dragging or  full  feeling , discomfort during sex or stress incontinence .  surgeon jonathan broome , who has performed more than 1 , 000 sacrohysteropexies in the past 15 years , has called for the option to be made more widely available on the nhs .
store front of brixton branch was covered in shattered glass .  ' no evictions ' and ' yuppies ' was spray painted in black across housing advertisements .  police had to us cs spray to disperse a group of violent protesters .  one of the event ' s organisers denounced the violent actions of ' one idiot ' .  cyndi anaso said she is ' saddened ' that someone behaved ' deviantly ' .
steven finn believes he ' s regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .  the 26 - year - old was overlooked for the west indies ' world cup squad .  finn has played only one championship game for middlesex this season .
oliur rahman said to have played the race card to silence opponents .  he insisted there was deep - rooted racism within the borough of tower hamlets .  his comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud .  political opponents said they were playing the same  cracked record  by seeking to blame racism and islamophobia for their problems .
andre schurrle and mario gotze were joined by their girlfriends for a double date on sunday night .  the pair attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children ' s hospital .  gotze helped bayern munich to a 3 - 0 win against eintracht frankfurt .
former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton flew first class from boston to washington , d . c . after wrapping up a two - day new hampshire campaign trip .  ' did you make mistakes ? ' she said .
harriet arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this easter .  toffee fudge chunk and dark chocolate chips are the most indulgent buns .  tesco finest apple & cinnamon buns , 1 . 60 for four .
patrick vieira ' s manchester city side lost to west ham at upton park .  dan potts scored the opener to set west ham on their way .  olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for city but it was not enough .
baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall .  when they were given the ball to play with , they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret .  importantly , the babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy they had never seen before .
the monuments of kathmandu , the capital of nepal , are recognised as a unesco world heritage site because of their unique architecture .  but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including temples and temples , now lie in rubble after a 7 . 8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday morning .  the dharahara tower , also known at the bhimsen tower , was a gift to the queen , who was also his niece .
john terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for chelsea this season .  the 34 - year - old ' s close - range effort took his tally for the season to seven .  terry ' s goal return is better than edin dzeko and stevan jovetic who have only found the back of the net six and five times for jose mourinho ' s side .
andre gignac says he made the ' stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the red planet opportunity .  he says he became suspicious about a ' dark spot ' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image .  ' i was stunned .  it was a massive panoramic window built in the wall of the crater , ' he says .
clay aiken , the loser in a november contest to represent the second district of north carolina in congress , uncorked some show - biz venom .  ' she ' s a b * * * ch ! ' aiken told siriusxm radio host howard stern .  ellmers , an intensive - care nurse who married a surgeon , beat a seven - term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term , compared with aiken ' s 41 . 2 per cent .
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic .  around 20 , 000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino .
sofia abramovich is the daughter of chelsea fc owner roman .  the 18 - year - old has taken to instagram to share fun snaps of her life .  but she has hit back saying she is going to turn negativity into positivity .  sofia is roman ' s daughter by irina vyacheslavovna malandina .
jamie peacock scored a try double for leeds in their 20th successive victory over salford .  the rhinos ' last home win against the rhino was a 21 - 12 regal trophy victory at the willows in november 1993 .  full - back niall evalds followed up his two - try show against wigan with another brace from lama tasi .
the unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado .  in the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' 911 , what ' s the address of the emergency ? ' .  ' i don ' t know .  i ' m locked in a trunk , ' the woman said .
ed miliband read from motivational notes during leaders ' televised debate .  cribsheet prompts him to turn a ' negative ' into a ' positive ' .  labour leader urges himself to  stay calm , never agitated  and ' relish the chance to show who i am ' .
poldark , vikings , outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal .  aidan turner is leading the way as captain in the bbc ' s much talked - about sunday night offering .
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest - rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annual supermarket survey .  this year it was rated number 67 , the second worst supermarket .  walmart was joined by a & p and waldbaum ' s , which was in last place .  the retailer earned 90 points and kept up its consistently good ratings for the last decade by earning top marks for freshness , baked goods and overall shopping experience .
mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers .  co - pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster .  he was able to override a security system installed on flights following the 9 / 11 attacks .
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and the jungle to make the trip , having been kept like slaves .  they were finally rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching .
amol gupta , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow .  kickball is a popular american schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17 - year - old leelah alcorn .  the petition currently has over 120 , 000 signatures .  the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy .
cbs political analyst john dickerson has been announced as the new host of face the nation on sunday .  dickerson worked for time magazine for 12 years , four of them as white house correspondent , and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign , the obama presidency and his second run at the white house in 2010 .
peter thurston , 80 , started building the ' catamavan ' while doing through a divorce .  he says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising and he couldn ' t buy a bigger vessel .  the catamaran has an oven , fridge freezer , shower , double bed and two tables .  hundreds of two - litre bottles fill the twin hulls , so the boat won ' t sink even if it gets a hole .
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies .  bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the caribbean in 2009 .  alastair cook ( 25 ) and kevin pietersen ( 23 ) have scored more .
a 1973 e - type jaguar has been involved in a crash with a toyota kluger .  the crash happened on warringah road in frenchs forest , northern sydney .  all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .  nsw police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the crash .
annegret raunigk , 65 , already has 13 children .  she is oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world .  her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs .  gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a ' selective reduction ' , where one or more fetuses is aborted in a multi - fetal pregnancy , but she declined .
marine le pen , 46 , took over from her father jean - marie le pen in 2011 .  the national front leader says her party ' s brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic .  the recognition comes at an eventful time for le pen on his candidacy in france ' s regional elections in december .  earlier this month , le pen snr infuriated his daughter with a series of racist and anti - semitic remarks .
arsene wenger wants cesc fabregas to be shown the ' respect he deserves ' .  arsenal fans offer their good luck to the spaniard in 2011 .  wenger was at his cryptic best on thursday when asked if it was his call to not take up an option he had to re - sign the player .
qpr face west brom in the premier league on saturday .  chris ramsey has praised tony pulis as one of the best coaches in the country .  ramsey says pulis ' maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere ' .
the ulusaba game reserve is sir richard branson ' s private reserve .  kutner came face to face with three rhinos , along with documenting the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard .
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers  faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine .  they then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel - by - pixel .  thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , for example .
richard williams , 54 , had spent 50 , 000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope .  his ex - wife laurel howarth , 28 , was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five - year scam which defrauded her majesty ' s revenue and customs of 1 , 017 , 505 .
the 56 - year - old has been lambasted for her first - ever stand - up routine on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday .  giuseppe zanotti concealed wedge heel hi - top sneakers at farfetch ! visit site .  these kicks have been rocked by everyone from jennifer lopez to cheryl cole .
anthony joshua dropped jason gavern twice in the second round .  joshua was returning from a five - month lay - off after suffering a stress fracture in his back .  joshua will now face kevin johnson next month .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he had ' digitally manipulated ' the patient ' s face .  witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him , the tribunal heard .  the world - renowned surgeon has lectured on the use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients .
the unnamed woman was discovered around 8 . 20am sunday hanging from the third - floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave .  witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer - by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a ' halloween prank ' .  the woman ' s identity has not been released pending notification of her family .
the clinton foundation and the clinton health access initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years .  republican critics say the foundation makes clinton vulnerable to undue influence .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  daniel sturridge was left in stitches after hearing darren farley ' s impression of michael owen .  farley specialises in mimicking a number of anfield stars both past and present .
francis bakvis discovered a dead scrub python in his yard on sunday .  the 3 . 5 metre long snake contained the remains of his family cat tiger .  he believed the python had struggled to swallow the cat and died as a result .  scrub pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long , and are known to eat mammals as large as kangaroos .
father - of - two tipu sultan , 32 , shot dead outside takeaway in south shields .  witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets on a motorbike .  mr sultan , who lived in sunderland , was originally from bangladesh with a gunshot wound and was pronounced dead at the scene .
data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets .  in meetings with our undercover reporters , they admitted ignoring an official no - call list meant to protect the vulnerable .  they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls .
alaa abdullah esayed uploaded 45 , 600 tweets in less than a year .  some of the messages she posted between june 1 2013 and may 14 2014 .  also included a poem ' mother of the martyr ' which advises parents to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad .  the 22 - year - old pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications .  she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences .
mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well - being .  learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger .
max verschuuren , 21 , was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on saturday night when his friend mistook him for a deer .  he was shot in the back with a . 270 rifle in the te urewera forest , north island , on saturday .  doctors have stitched up the hunter after days in hospital .
eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week ' s premier league xi .  everton ' s nacho monreal and philippe coutinho also make the xi .
andras janos vass , 25 , was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering .  he brought men to america with promises of easy work and high wages .  then took their travel documents , threatened their families , and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work .  he faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison - and will spend at least 21 behind bars .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , of west rainton , county durham , led ' family business ' .  their company ' designer goods north east ' took more than 7 , 000 in just four months .  one daughter boasted of making 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone .  the women face up to seven days behind bars if they fail to pay the 1 each .
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte on sunday .  she was driving a friend ' s car 110km south to mount gambier in south australia ' s southeast . the 25 - year - old was found after surviving the night in a national park .
leaked emails reveal bbc bosses want to turn the sci - fi series into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success .  doctor who ' s creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation , despite pressure from sony and bbc worldwide .  the messages between andrea wong and michael lynton were among 173 , 000 hacked by north korea after the firm made the interview , a comedy about the state .
google is facing a fine of up to 4billion as europe prepares to file a high - profile anti - competition lawsuit against the internet giant .  if found to have been behaving unfairly , google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues , which would be more than 4 billion based on last year ' s performance .  shopping , comparison and travel companies are among those that have been contacted by the eu .
alberto bueno is the highest - scoring spanish - national season ticket holders .  he has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season .  bueno could move to porto at the end of the season .
flir systems inc . has agreed to pay $ 9 . 5 million to settle bribery charges filed by the securities and exchange commission .  two employees in flir ' s dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the saudi arabia ministry of interior in 2009 .  the company also arranged travel for saudi officials , including a 20 - night trip with stops in beirut , casablanca , dubai , new york and paris .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her nine - month - old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day .  the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor .
the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u . s . transportation security administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no - fly list . in some cases , the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns .  the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government ' s counterterrorism efforts since the 2001 terror attacks .
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms . ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , has been vocal on racism in the past . john barnes ' view that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked was backed up by ramsey .
community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets .  apps help homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather .  the bay area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the u . s . the average person in silicon valley earned $ 116 , 033 last year , compared to $ 69 , 000 nationally .  tensions have boiled up over accusations they are not doing enough to help those in their own backyard .
barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter - final at the parc des princes on wednesday .  the catalans triumphed 3 - 1 on home soil at the nou camp , but were defeated 3 - 2 by psg .  adriano warned his team - mates ahead of the game they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome psg ' s star - studded squad .
ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit - and - run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and vancouver police .  the 38 - year - old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri - la hotel .  the vancouver - born actor has been in the city over the past several weeks shooting his new film , deadpool .
charlie adam scored one of the most memorable goals of his career at chelsea .  he lobbed chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half - time .  that levelled the scores up at 1 - 1 at stamford bridge .  adam admitted he had mixed emotions after losing the game .
mailonline travel looks ahead at exactly what holidaymakers can expect from flights and accommodations in the future .  biometric scanning , sustainable hotels and personalised bookings have already begun popping up in airports and resorts around the world .
ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air - conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat .  the main residence has a solar - powered main residence with a dining room , fully - fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining .  the island has access to a private , 100 - ft beach protected from the open ocean on the bay of angra dos reis .
auschwitz - birkenau state museum , in oswiecim , poland , has had more than 250 , 000 visitors so far this year .  just 30 people are allowed to visit the original camp at any one time .  site attracted headlines in 2014 when an alabama teenager took a selfie during a tour of the death camp .
ollie the owl was snatched from a nottingham pub last month .  landlord richard stevenson , 32 , thought the 7 . 99 ornament had been lost forever .  he received a letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return .  incredibly , the wooden statue has already jetted off to belfast , benidorm and even tunisia .
the seven - car maglev hit a top speed of 375mph ( 603 km / h ) during a test run near mount fuji .  it travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph - 600km / h . the run beat the train ' s previous 12 - year record of 361mph 586mph .  it is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway .
the video was apparently filmed by a supporter ahead of arsenal ' s fa cup semi - final win over reading .  the footage appears to show a homophobic chant about ashley cole .  the video has since been deleted from twitter .
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ' co - operate ' with authorities for four days .  she told police she was groped by harvey weinstein during ' business meeting ' .  but once the ' pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue the case .  her former lawyer , mark jay heller , withdrew from the case as he was concerned he did not appear to be a ' serious victim ' .
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u . s . military base on november 5 , 2009 .  some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied .  the purple heart , given to military personnel wounded in battle , offers increased retirement pay .
louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the barclays premier league at this late stage .  marouane fellaini ' s recent performances have made him almost undroppable .  united currently sit fourth in the premier league but they could rise or fall depending on their run - in form .
hannah moore , 20 , from broxburn in west lothian , shared photos of her post - pregnancy body on instagram .  she suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls lily and grace in june last year .  the mum - of - twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ' nudity and violence ' which breach the site ' s decency guidelines .
claudia martins gave birth alone at her sister ' s flat in knowle , bristol .  the 33 - year - old kept her pregnancy secret from her family and friends .  paramedics were called after she was found sitting in the bath with ' a lot of blood ' .  she wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase .  martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility .
ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in england ' s cricket team .  he can be feisty and fiery as long as it  s natural but his aggression has to be controlled .  england want to have stokes in the team as much as possible to help him hit his full potential .
tracy morgan was accompanied by his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven as they did some shopping in new jersey on monday .  this comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic auto accident which claimed the life of his friend james mcnair .  morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg , a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident .
saracens flanker jacques burger appeared at a champions cup disciplinary hearing on thursday .  the namibia flanker received a one - week ban for striking racing metro scrum - half maxime machenaud during last weekend ' s champions cup quarter - final victory in paris .  burger will miss saracens ' aviva premiership appointment with play - off rivals leicester at allianz park on saturday .
katia apalategui ' s mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to .  this inspired the 52 - year - old to think of a more permanent way to capture a person ' s individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning .
blanca cousins , 15 , fell to her death from luxury hong kong apartment block .  her birth , and that of her 14 - year - old sister , was never registered .  nick cousins , 57 , was arrested on suspicion of ' wilful neglect ' .  he has not been charged and is currently on bail .
aboriginal models have yet to make a significant impact on the runway .  the agency started off with just five models and now has 40 models .  founder kira - lea dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join samantha harris at next year ' s fashion week .
karlis bardelis , 30 , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland .  footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose .  he continues to fall for three - and - a - half seconds until he ' s eventually saved by his safety rope .
amanda casey , also of north carolina , was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced .  he went on to marry his third wife , shelby wilkie .  wilkie was found guilty of first - degree murder in january for the 2012 killing of shelby .
music streaming service spotify analysed 2 . 8 million ' sleep ' playlists .  ed sheeran ' s hit song , thinking out loud , is the top song people fall asleep to .  sam smith , 22 , scoops four grammys at this year ' s awards .
christopher swain , a clean - water activist , took an earth day swim in the gowanus canal in brooklyn .  he gargled hydrogen peroxide periodically to prevent contaminated water from getting down his throat .  swain said impending bad weather played a role in his decision to swim the whole canal one day .  the federal environmental protection agency says contaminates include pcbs , which were banned in the us in 1979 .
seal cull even takes place during the animals ' breeding season .  some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead .  campaigners say there are more humane methods of protecting fish .
bayern munich have an interest in chelsea defender branislav ivanovic .  the 31 - year - old has yet to open talks over a new contract at chelsea .  psg are set to make a 7million bid for chelsea ' s petr cech .
the bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner .  it uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum .  it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord .
jade and aaron badland asked an asian family if they had ebola .  they assaulted a brazilian hotel employee , calling her a ' bloody foreigner ' .  the pair have been spared jail after a court heard they were too drunk to remember what they had done at the premier inn at stansted airport .
kevin pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against mcc universities oxford .  former england captains alec stewart and nasser hussain have had their say on the 34 - year - old ' s chances of a return to the test arena .  pietersen ' s impressive return to long - form cricket 14 months after his england sacking was timely , on the eve of the first test against the west indies .
stephanie scott ' s funeral will be held at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra , near her home town of canowindra .  the 26 - year - old high school teacher was set to tie the knot last saturday .  her partner of five years aaron leeson - woolley was allegedly killed on easter sunday .
the technology is based on a technique known as ' neuromodulation ' .  electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight .  when the patient puts on the system ' s dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer .  pulses activate electrodes in the implant , and the optic nerve carries images to the brain .
news broke this weekend that the nbc star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times .  williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self - aggrandizing , false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by a rocket - propelled grenade .
the 38 - year - old actor says he ' s no longer the womaniser we once knew .  he says that after years of being labelled a ' womaniser ' , his love life is firmly on the backburner .  the irish actor is also the face of the new dolce & gabbana fragrance intenso .
henri morris , 67 , was jailed for 10 years after admitting drugging and abusing a female employee during a business trip to new jersey in 2012 .  he was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims . the woman told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman .
the oshun cafe will serve 6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries .  native made with acai pulp , banana and honey ; oshun kong topped with courgette , orange , sour cherries and sesameberries .  the berries taste like blueberries and dark chocolate , with a blending earthy aftertaste .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao on may 2 is set for may 2 in las vegas .  but no tickets are on sale , but nobody has bought one ; seatgeek is selling briefs for up to $ 30 , 000 ( 20 , 000 ) these tickets known as ' spec tickets ' which the sellers don ' t have but expect to get before the fight .
danny willett carded a one - under 71 during his first round at augusta .  the 27 - year - old englishman was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey .  willett , a two - time european tour winner , is playing in his first masters .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands .  the hands are governed by 24 motors , 26 micro - controllers and 129 sensors .  they can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat .  the device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose - built high - tech kitchen , priced at around 10 , 000 ( $ 14 , 000 )
rory mcilroy will tee off at 3 . 41pm bst at augusta national on thursday .  phil mickelson and ryan moore will also tee off in moore ' s electric three - ball .  the northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds at augusta .  tiger woods returns to action for the first time since february alongside two stars of last year ' s ryder cup at gleneagles .
# notanaprilfools launched by campaign group let toys be toys .  girls offered pink beautician ' s outfits while males are offered doctor ' s uniforms . babygros for girls are equally polarised with a slogan that reads : ' i hate my thighs ' .
a 48 - year - old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence - related offences including rape , ' solicit to murder ' and assault against his wife .  a police spokesperson said each of the 102 offences had been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years .  the man was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10 .
the n - 222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour .  stretching for 27 km , the road includes 93 bends and jaw dropping scenery .  a591 from kendal to keswick offers beautiful views of lake windermere and lake thirlmere .
keith boudreau , 42 , of quincy was pronounced dead on friday morning .  paul fahey , 43 , allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction .  he was taken to hospital with life - threatening injuries and removed from life support .  fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges on wednesday .
gisele bundchen , 34 , has announced she ' s retiring from the runway .  the mother - of - two was seen walking for colcci during sao paulo fashion week .
hearts captain danny wilson has decided to leave the club this summer .  the 23 - year - old defender activated a clause in his contract at the end of the season .  hearts manager ronny deila has been linked with a move for the defender .
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday .  his release was slammed with indians calling it an ' insult ' to the victims of the three - day onslaught , which was blamed on the banned pakistani militant group lashkar - e - taiba ( let )
the wmo hurricane committee deemed isis inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group .  as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the list of names for hurricanes in 2016 .  the hurricane committee also backed mexico ' s request to retire the name odile .
barcelona beat barca 3 - 0 at the nou camp on tuesday night .  neymar scored the only goal of the game in the first half .  luis enrique ' s side still have a possible eight games to play .  luis suarez ' s record in his last 10 games is nine goals and four assists .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
at her heaviest , the 29 - year - old weighed 127 . 5 kiloss .  after undergoing dramatic gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 , she lost a staggering 68k .
joel wilkinson was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago .  his muscles will slowly waste away and he will eventually be left in a wheelchair .  his sister phoebe , five , adores him and cares for him as much as possible .  she plays only ' muscle friendly ' games that won ' t tire him out .
stuart mccall has dismissed any thought of his rangers future being decided before the end of the season .  mccall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins .  shane ferguson is finally set to arrive at murray park next week .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 .  on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him .  in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl ' s jr asking for a hamburger ' they show on tv with the bacon on it ' .
england ' s lower order hung on  with sulieman benn batting as high as nine .  joe root  s 142 - run contribution has been largely overlooked .  eoin morgan and ravi bopara were in action for sunrisers hyderabad .
the girl in the spider ' s web was completed in november by david lagercrantz .  it will be the fourth installment in the millennium crime trilogy by stieg larsson .  the 500 - page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker lisbeth salander and journalist mikael blomkvist .  norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a u . s . spy agency .
woman , who did not want to be identified , said she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by is .  she said women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother .  the refugee said : ' sometimes people get whipped .  after that many people began to fear is ' .  is tactics have been decribed as taking a ' ghengis khan and the mongol approach to military conquest ' .
manuel pellegrini ' s side were given a torrid time by crystal palace on monday night .  vincent kompany believes the derby game is crucial and could be replaced in the summer .  the city captain believes being the underdogs suits his side .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their evans , georgia home .  the mom - of - five , who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce , also allegedly had sex with a 16 - year - old man in the bathroom .  but earlier this week , her daughter defended her actions , saying : ' everyone makes mistakes ' .
the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five - star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff .  sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum , one of the world  s richest men , hopes to park in six - storey building by the thames .
former us president says he should take a more backstage role should his wife , hillary , decide to run for president .  the 68 - year - old said that becoming a grandparent to his daughter chelsea ' s six - month - old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality .  mrs clinton is currently in the process of preparing to launch her bid within the next two weeks if she is elected .
british and norwegian vets have called eu directives ' scientifically illiterate ' .  they say use of homeopathy could lead to ' serious animal health and welfare detriment ' .  the directives are set to be brought into national law in non - eu norway .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for her wedding .  but she was arrested at heathrow when the couple returned from honeymoon .  now she has been spared jail even though she had been convicted of fraud .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
liverpool ' s sponsorship agreement with standard chartered bank has been extended for three years .  the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018 - 19 season .  standard chartered signed up as the reds ' main sponsor in july 2010 .
douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full - scale security review in washington .  he flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters and landed on the west lawn of the us capitol .  his russian - born wife , alena , said she was ' proud ' that her husband acted out of patriotism for the us .
scott stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in south shields , tyne and wear .  the 19 - year - old rifled through his victim ' s pockets and made off with the iphone 4 .  he missed bail until he was arrested and sent back to court .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
cleveland cavaliers beat the heat 114 - 88 in miami on thursday .  lebron james scored 23 points in the heat ' win over the heat .  dwyane wade hobbled off with a knee injury in the first half .  harrison barnes scored the game winning shot to extend golden state ' s winning run to 11 games .
deutsche bank will pay $ 2 . 5 billion in fines for its role in conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said .  case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate .  deutsche bank agreed to plead guilty to a us charge of wire fraud , a criminal offense , in connection with the scam and admitted participating in price - fixing conspiracy with other banks .
hayley grimes , 42 , found baby peter ' s body in norfolk pond in 1988 .  she was accused of being his mother after a stillbirth was discovered .  ms grimes said it was ' unthinkable ' that the baby had not been given a proper burial .  she said : ' i think what she has done is horrible if the baby was dead or alive ' .
dr warren weinstein , 73 , was killed during a us drone strike in january .  he was killed alongside giovanni lo porto during an anti - terrorist strike .  his family yesterday slammed their response to his abduction .  it has now been claimed they were used as a shield to protect a senior al qaeda operative while in captivity .  they included the ' poster girl ' for jihad dr . aafia siddiqui - who is currently serving an 86 - year prison sentence in the united states .
raymond howell jr . ' s body was found near a culvert in mckinney , texas .  friends say he had been bullied by older students and asked for a transfer .  police have not confirmed how he passed away .
chris maguire scored an injury time penalty for bournemouth in stoppage time .  yann kermorgant had a man sent off in the second half for a foul .  matt ritchie scored the only goal of the game for the home side .  bournemouth have had 15 penalties this season and are top of the premier league .
frankie dettori will be left to focus on the british flat season this summer .  sheik joaan al thani signed up gregory benoist to race the al shaqab banner in france .  the jockey is the only jockey to have ridden elie lellouche - trained ectot .
the glass house in chislehurst , south east london , was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951 .  builders were forced to carve windows and doors out of five foot thick concrete to complete the transformation .  it took two years to totally renovate the property and has now been put on the market for 3 . 5million .
marko arnautovic scored a 95th - minute equaliser for stoke city at upton park .  it is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the hammers after draws at manchester united , tottenham hotspur and leicester city .  sam allardyce admits his side are suffering from a psychological problem .
research carried out by the forsa institute for the history of national socialism .  it found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade .  instead , they are exploring the impact of hitler and the nazi regime on everyday germans .  author florian huber has sold tens of thousand copies of his book , child promise me you will shoot yourself .
the celebrity doctor used thursday ' s episode of the dr . oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods .  ' the 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted  sensational headlines and sound bites , ' said oz .  the doctors accused him of being a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' and as someone who ' has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence - based medicine ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
david nellist , 38 , banned from keeping animals for five years by magistrates .  he was caught on cctv punching , kicking and throwing dog across room .  nellist was sentenced to two months in prison , ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of 1 , 580 .
ophelia conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot at her home .  the 19 - month - old was left hanging mid air by her neck and was only saved .  phillip dickens was described as the ' king of diy ' and fined 50 , 000 .
photographs taken today in micheldever woods , hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected .  but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend .  parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground .
bookmakers have slashed odds on the name sam - which could be used for samuel or samantha - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby .  the 33 - year - old amateur jockey was once dubbed ' the royal matchmaker ' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance .
randy linn , now in a california federal prison where he ' s two years into his 20 - year sentence , said that he can ' t believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship .  federal prosecutors said linn drove about two hours from his home in st . joe , indiana , to the islamic center of greater toledo on september 30 , 2011 .  he broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire .
police have described the ' fast - paced ' investigation into william tyrell ' s disappearance .  the three - year - old ' s parents made an impassioned plea for the toddler to be returned to them .  the focus of the investigation has shifted and is now ' progressing rapidly ' .  william ' s mother searched the house , opening cupboards and shouting out , ' you need to talk to mummy and tell me where you are ' .
martin odegaard was refused a rating for his performance for b - team castilla .  the norway international was dropped previously by manager zinedine zidane .  odegaard chose madrid over liverpool and manchester but it has been suggested other castilla players resent the starlet training with the first team three times a week and his superior wages .  there have been suggestions that odegaard will be sent on loan away from the bernabeu next year .
mother - of - three georgina rojas - medina , 41 , was shot and killed by her husband , gerardo tovar , 44 , who then turned the gun on himself .  neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple  s 4 - year - old daughter just after midnight on saturday .
sgt .  daniel knapp from jacksonville , north carolina , received combat medals after serving in afghanistan , but has been denied re - enlistment due to the service ' s strict policy on body ink .  the marine corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that knapp has fallen foul of .  knapp is considered a tier 1 marine , scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness , marksmanship , and job performance .
tasters at jacob ' s creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation ' s most popular snacks and light bites .  a riesling is the perfect companion to a sausage roll , chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus .  sauvignon blanc was found to be the perfect pairing for salted popcorn and a scotch egg goes down a treat with a drop of fiano .
england beat norway 2 - 2 in their european u19 women ' s championships qualifier at the seaview stadium in belfast . leah williamson stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18 - second rematch against norway .  the match was one of the shortest international matches in history .  williamson said : ' they were the longest 24 hours of my life , i hadn ' t slept ' .
gary locke has been given the job on a permanent basis .  the 39 - year - old has lost just once in seven games since taking over .  locke will speak at a press conference on friday morning .
an aintree racegoer is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races in aintree .  the 34 - year - old man then walks off as people gasp and try to help him .  he was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face .
zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one - day international series next month .  no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka ' s team bus in march 2009 .  zimbabwe cricket board president shaharyar khan expects the short tour to go ahead .
n ' golo kante has impressed for caen this season .  marseille have been in constant contact with the 24 - year - old .  caen would be willing to sell for around 5million .
there will be more muslims than christians in the world in less than sixty years .  the religion ' s share of the world  s population will equal the christian share .  by 2100 muslims will make up around ten per cent of europe ' s population .  the number of atheists , agnostics and those who are religiously unaffiliated will decline by 35 per cent in the next four decades .
randy pierce was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the ' king of the swingers ' obstacleder competition last week .  pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old , from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair .  he has since climbed all 48 mountains in new hampshire , as well as run 30 road races , with his guide dog quinn .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ' high ' from the procedure ' s anesthesia .  footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread .
pele and beckenbauer played for new york cosmos in the 1970s .  the pair were pioneers at the time , bringing football to a territory that had rarely seen the game before .  they play in the second division of american soccer , kicking off their season with a match against tampa bay rowdies on saturday .
mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch .  the arsenal midfielder has scored four goals in 25 matches for the gunners .  the 26 - year - old compared his gadget to michael knight in the hit action show knight rider .  ray parlour has backed wilshere to be the future of the club .
tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , has diastrophic dysplasia , a rare form of dwarfism .
foreign - born blacks made up just 3 . 1 per cent of the black population in 1980 .  they accounted for 8 . 7 % of that group in 2013 , according to the pew research center .  immigrants from jamaica and haiti make up approximately a third of the us black population , while 36 per cent come from africa .  the majority of the 40 million us - born african americans trace their heritage to african ancestors brought to america as slaves .
amir khan could face manny pacquiao in abu dhabi on may 2 .  the prince has been so close to fighting mayweather that he could smell the resin .  bob arum has to hand a treasure trove of an offer for a fight in november or december .
katie cope , 17 , said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman .  she had to close the shop and put down the shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave .  police said the stolen knickers , which had been reduced to 1 , were not worth enough to prosecute .  eve and her mother eve cope , 60 , accused officers of giving a ' green light ' to shoplifters by merely cautioning the culprit .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .  in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership .  she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels .  for the leaders  debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks .
real - life tomb raiders dug 50m - long tunnel from guanghui temple in zhengdin county , north china at start of february .  they were just 20 metres away from breaching the hua pagoda when they were caught .  five were arrested and three people are still on the run .
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college .  she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 .  three years later , at just 26 years old , glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle .
george clooney and amal alamuddin chose venice as the place to get married .  the belmond hotel cipriani is on the island of giudecca , just a few minutes by water taxi from saint mark  s square .  the hotel ' s heated swimming pool , set in extensive gardens , is filled with heated gardens and the only hotel pool in central venice .
robert mccombs told a court in grand rapids , michigan that steven carl daybs and his roommate roger musick that he was molesting a young relative and that he thought , ' one of them was starting to like it ' .  day ' s jaw dropped that he would just admit it , ' blurt it out like that ' .
lyndey milan has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each .  the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an easter feast . the results of her experiment include greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes and carrots .
gary field was seen at a ukip event in broadstairs on friday evening .  he drank beers behind the cordon and gestured to onlookers .  mr farage ' s labour opponent will scobie claimed a group of campaigners had been attacked by national front members chanting for ukip .  mr field said he was opposed to the ' stand up to ukip group ' and the extreme left .
ex - pm said he wanted to create a ' cadre ' of former leaders to advise governments .  said his ideas of leadership were ' close to a benevolent dictatorship ' .  also praised the authoritarian military regime in egypt , which has been accused of human rights abuses .
e .  on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers .  industry rules state that energy companies must give customers 30 days ' notice of price rise .  firm admitted mistake as far as customers who paid by direct debit or cheque were concerned .  ofgem has refunded 8 to 12 to 40 , 000 in lieu of a penalty to age uk .
lib dem stephen gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re - election .  he joked that the dog had ' unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph .  but undeterred by the injury he planned to return to the streets this afternoon .
the coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance .  it also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers .  one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks .
charlie pye applied for the role when paul lambert was sacked in february .  the 6 - year - old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets .  sherwood has guided villa six points above the relegation zone in the premier league after saturday ' s fa cup semi - final against liverpool .
dunkin donuts ' new spring menu features two 340 - calorie cheesecake - filled donuts , one 380 - cal .  # # orie chicken - filled pretzel bun and a ' low fat ' steak and cheese wrap .  the southwest supreme bagel , which is stuffed with cheese , contains upwards of 340 calories .  obesity and obesity - related illness accounts for a $ 150 billion dollars of healthcare expenditures annually .
doctors should only be carried out when ' medically necessary ' .  just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean .  a planned caesarean costs the nhs an average of 2 , 369 , compared to a natural birth at 1 , 665 .
mary was born at alder hey children ' s hospital in liverpool in january 2013 .  her parents were reported to social services five times between 2008 and 2012 .  small amounts of painkiller and anti - depressant drugs were also found in her .  she died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach .  a review has called for a host of lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information that could have highlighted the baby ' s vulnerability .
the question , ' so when is cheryl  s birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad .  cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates in a number of steps .  albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is .
families in the uk are more indebted than those in many other developed nations , said the international monetary fund .  the uk was singled out as having a problem with household debt , along with portugal  lumping britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis .  rising house prices have pushed up household debt in britain in recent years  raising fears that families are over - stretching themselves to get on the property ladder or buy a bigger home .
perry clawson , a former army colonel , pitched up outside the zeta beta tau frat house in gainesville , florida , waving a stars and stripes of his own .  clawson said the members had ' p * * * d off ' servicemen across the country with their actions .  the fraternity has been suspended and three of its members expelled .
ted loveday helped gonville and caius college defeat magdalen college .  the cambridge students won the university challenge title by amassing 225 points against magdalen in the final , broadcast on bbc two on monday .
chris copeland , 31 , and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22 - year - old man , shezoy bleary , interrupted them .  when copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete ' s abdomen and elbow .  he then turned on the athlete , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the new york post .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3 - 2 in the uefa youth league on monday .  jay dasilva is better than any current left back , says ian wright .  the 16 - year - old was part of the chelsea under 19 team that won the youth league .  wright also praised tammy abraham , charly musonda and charlie colkett .
crisis in a & e has led some people to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead .  weekend opening hours for gps has been touted as one solution .  since the summer of 2013 , a number of gp surgeries in london have been piloting seven - day opening , as part of the challenge fund initiative .
announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments .  some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea , for fear it could be misused to allow parents to ' select ' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren .  the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for  - thalassaemia , a potentially deadly blood disorder , using a germ line editing technique known as crispr / cas9 .
bryan stow was beaten and left for dead outside the la dodgers ' stadium .  the father - of - two was left in a medically induced coma for several months .  two men jumped mr stow and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground .  they continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic .  the family has still not received any of the cash due legal delays .
san antonio stretched its streak of double - digit victories to nine with a 110 - 98 win against houston rockets .  defending champion spurs moved onto the tail of houston and also memphis , which drew level with the rockets atop the division .  no 1 playoff seed atlanta had a narrow win over a brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance .  cleveland secured both the central division title and no . 2 seed in the conference by defeating milwaukee .
agonda beach , in the north , is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa .  the beach is a hive of activity .  goans peddling pedicures and sarongs smile and tell us we are ' very pale ' .
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half - inch - thick spikes , angled away from the white house , to the existing fence .  ' there was concern expressed about having to retrieve people from it , ' said one television network .
homes in china are known as ' dingzihu ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail .  the owner of the house didn ' t reach an agreement with the local authority about compensation of the demolition .  one house in wenling , zhejiang province , had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move .
five - star atlantis , the palm resort in dubai , boast floor - to - ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium .  with a base price of just under 5 , 500 ( $ 8 , 200 ) a night , each suite has elegant perks , including soap with 24 - carat gold flakes , dom perignon champagne for non - muslim guests .
jack wilshere was on the bench against reading on saturday .  the 23 - year - old ' s injury record could turn him into another abou diaby .  ray parlour believes arsene wenger ' s squad could be ready to push for top honours again .
mark halsey has slammed the fa ' s decision to put jon moss in charge of the fa cup final instead of mark clattenburg .  the former premier league referee said the english game would be a ' laughing stock ' over the decision to ignore the jon moss vs arsenal team - mate .
tristram hunt asked year six pupil who he would vote for in next month ' s election .  the 10 - year - old said he wanted to get ' all the foreigners out the country ' .  but she has admitted she ' s ' embarrassed ' by the video .
ali williams opened the scoring for toulon with a late try .  will helu had a miscarriage of justice in the first half of the match .  wasps had to adopt sly , illegal tactics to survive a second - half fightback .  dai young ' s side became the third of four english challengers to be dispatched from europe ' s premier event over a punishing weekend .
broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual , and strength over flexibility .  experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel .
dodge durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph .  five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries .  the driver of the suv , a 44 - year - old man with a history of seizures , had to be cut out of the wreckage until firefighters were able to cut him from the wreckage .
the actress is selling the manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex - husband bruce willis for $ 75million .  the 14 - bedroom apartment includes a 7 , 000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the hudson river .
adrian schaffner points his skis down the mountain and begins skiing .  the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind .  after a long ski to the bottom , the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground .
qpr are facing football league fines of up to 50million for financial fair play breaches .  football league board member jim rodwell ' s departure has created the need for an election for a league one representative .  maurice watkins is a sports lawyer and his firm brabners are representing qpr over their considerable ffp troubles .  raheem sterling ' s stand - off with liverpool is not just to do with him .
some are charging up to a ' shameful ' 2 , 700 for one eye  treble what it costs the health service .  nhs recently announced it would fund weight - loss surgery for 15 , 000 obese adults every year at a cost of 6 , 000 each .
the mhox eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye .  the group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight .  scientists claim to have made a ' giant leap ' towards creating 3d organs that could be simply printed out in hospitals when needed for a transplant .
the 73 - year - old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs .  her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the asda store in hulme , manchester .  a member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene and walked across the grass with his dog .  police are appealing to anyone who might know this man to come forward .
kyle walker sustained the injury against burnley on april 5 .  scans showed the england defender had not broken his foot .  walker will miss tottenham ' s next four premier league fixtures .
porsche 911 carrera was crushed by a builder ' s lorry in nottingham .  onlooker said : ' the bloke looked absolutely distraught .  it was obviously his pride and joy ' .
barcelona beat psg 2 - 0 ( 5 - 1 on agg ) to advance to the champions league semi - finals .  eric abidal believes his former club barcelona have the potential to secure a famous treble by winning the treble in 2009 .  abidal was speaking at the launch of the foundation in catalonia .
there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky .  that ' s up from 106 last week , said the indiana state department of health .  health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested .  but the growing number could put pressure on pence to extend the 30 - day needle exchange program that he approved on march 26 .
hibernian beat hearts 2 - 0 in their edinburgh derby on sunday .  jason cummings and farid el alagui scored for the hosts .  cummings found the net from close range after 30 minutes .
millwall defeated charlton 2 - 1 in their championship clash on good friday .  jos hooiveld scored the winner in the 87th minute for the addicks .  substitute magaye gueye had cancelled out alou diarra ' s strike .  stephen henderson saved lee gregory ' s penalty in the second half .  millwall boss neil harris named an unchanged line - up from the 2 - 2 draw .
rspca south australia detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized by animal welfare .  the resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats .  the animal welfare group will be caring and rehoming the third cat .  the case was finalised in the christies beach magistrates court , southern adelaide , on tuesday .
queen ' s hospital , burton , staffordshire , said it experienced an unprecedented number of deaths over the easter weekend .  bosses at the hospital admitted they didn ' t tell relatives about the arrangement .  a spokesman said the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country .
tori spelling was a trouper at benihana ' s japanese restaurant in encino , california , when she tripped and fell onto a scorching hot japanese grill in front of customers .  but once outside she was seen inspecting the bad burn on her right arm .  tori ' s doctor ' s determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body .
rhiannon wilkinson , head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire , claims a ' boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex .  two years ago scientists at newcastle university found that girls really do mature faster than boys .  they discovered that as the brain matures it begins to ' prune ' information that is stored and focus on what is important .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a special golf prize .  the prize includes a callaway driver , callaway xr 3 wood and a set of xr irons .
rand paul has beefed up his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag , including the ' rand on a stick ' item feature .  for $ 75 paul fans can own a throw rug featuring paul ' s name and his campaign slogan because ' we need a president who can see clearly , ' as the site states .
mark selby , john higgins and ding junhui moved into the last 16 of the china open on wednesday .  selby continued to defy fellow englishman elliot slessor with a break of 86 in frame four of their second - round clash .  bristolian trump enjoyed a century break against scotland ' s graeme dott 5 - 2 .
sam allardyce ' s west ham are top of the premier league fair play table .  hammers have won once in their last 10 league games and drew 1 - 1 against stoke .  the hammers face manchester city in the europa league on sunday .  click here for all the latest west ham united news .
novak djokovic beat tomas berdych 7 - 5 4 - 6 6 - 3 at monte carlo open .  the world no 1 became the first player to win the opening three atp world tour 1000 events .  the 27 - year - old had overpowered eight - time champion rafael nadal to reach the final , not dropping a set on his 2015 clay - court debut this week .
medhi benatia could miss both legs of bayern munich ' s champions league quarter - final against porto .  the 27 - year - old was taken off in the first half of their victory over bayer leverkusen in the german cup last eight .  bayern travel to porto next week before the return leg in munich .
a three - year - old girl was mauled in the face by her family ' s pet dog .  the alaskan malamute crossed with a siberian huskey clamped its jaws around her head at their home in neyland , pembrokeshire .  the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull .  she was airlifted to morriston hospital in swansea 60 miles away and her family are currently at her bedside .
radamel falcao has scored just four times for manchester united since his season - long loan move from monaco . chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco president vadim vasilyev on sunday .  the striker has been given hope of a second chance under louis van gaal .
st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman , northern darwin .  the 38 - year - old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle ' and then went for a lie down ' .  there were over 500 calls made to northern territory police between 3pm - 11pm on wednesday , most of them domestics or drunken anti - social behaviour .
bbc bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs .  but the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee , because viewers are currently able to use the bbc ' s online services without paying for them .
kasper schmeichel has been named in three football league team of the season .  angel rangel has risen from league one to the premier league with leicester city .  ashley williams is now an established top - flight international centre back .  wes hoolahan has been one of the football league ' s best midfielders .
alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995 .  her son tom ballard , 26 , plans to climb k2 himself himself .  last month mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps in the winter season .  k2 is regarded as more difficult to reach than the summit of mount everest , with dozens dying during attempts to reach the top .
jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london today .  he was seen laughing with a traffic warden who tried to put a ticket on his supercar .  the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket .  clarkson , 55 , was sacked from top gear last month after a ' fracas ' involving a producer .
kim sei - young shot a three - under - par 69 on day three of the ana inspiration .  the south korean led by two shots at the halfway stage at mission hills country club .  world no 1 lydia ko shot her second consecutive over - par score .
after nine months of exploratory drilling , a group of british companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands .  the bonanza , which could be worth billions of pounds , will add to fears of renewed conflict over the british overseas territory .  defence secretary michael fallon warned of a ' very live threat ' from argentina .
flight from kansas city , missouri , to denver , colorado , was stuck on tarmac .  but passengers were ordered off due to bad weather and diverted .  flight took just a hour and a half to get to unscheduled stop at colorado springs .  single bathroom became ' foul ' and ran out of necessary supplies .
national union of teachers expected to call for vote on industrial action this weekend .  ballot of its 300 , 000 members would take place after the election .  last time teachers across the country went on strike was in july .
gemma , 23 , has two children under five by two different fathers .  her mother debbie , 52 , is threatening to ban the mother - of - two .  she says her daughter ' s constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand .  ' she isn ' t fit enough to have them .  she doesn ' t care at all and i feel awful about it , ' she says .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his cherished bear on every flight .  he gave his beaumont , named beaumont bear , a raf tie and the letters am for air ministry and his nickname ' bea ' on his chest . when fl lt beaumont died aged 87 in 1997 , his bear was passed to his family .  it is now being tipped to sell for 10 , 000 at bonhams auctioneers on behalf of a private collector .
derry mathews will go head - to - head with ismael barroso for the interim wba world title after richar abril pulled out of their april 18 date .  abril has been elevated to  champion in recess  with darleys perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division .
marco rubio told face the nation he wasn ' t against gay marriage .  he believes the ' definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' .  the florida senator told bob schieffer he would attend the same - sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he didn ' t agree with the decision .
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the motorway between junctions four and five in ortford , kent was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist . but during the hour - long delay , kent police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road .
ufc bantamweight champion ronda rousey left her trademark deadly glares and lethal arm bar at home for the premiere of fast & furious 7 .  the premiere follows rousey  s acclaimed debut wwe appearance in wrestlemania 31 , in which she paired up with the rock for the event  s crescendo .
the 30 - year - old reality tv star posted the message ' pray for baltimore ' to instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots in baltimore .  while over 417 , 000 followers liked the photo , it did not escape criticism .  just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of criticism asking what was wrong with praying .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two - and - a - half year con against his employer bt .  starrs along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , 53 , invented overtime cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners  property during broadband installation .  judge nicholas cooke qc blasted starrs for ' taking his eye off the ball ' .
the patent was filed by the california - based firm in march 2011 .  it details a method of scanning a user ' s face using the front - facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position .  if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo , the phone unlocks automatically .  the patent explains that current methods of unlocking a device are ' inconvenient and time consuming ' .
rabie dardouna , 33 , has been ' duped ' into selling the door to a local artist . painting , titled ' bomb damage , ' was drawn on a metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two - story house in northern gaza .  but unaware that banksy ' s works have been valued for hundreds of thousands of pounds .
mummified remains of 28 - year - old terezia hausmann found in crypt of dominican church in vac , hungary , were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis .  researchers say the strains evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period .  historians have long taught that native american populations were almost wiped out by diseases such as tuberculosis , brought to the new world by european explorers .
the rajasthan royals player was offered money to influence a game last month .  the player , who was not named , reported the incident to the indian cricket board ' s anti - corruption and security unit .  rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match - fixing .  former india paceman shanthakumaran sreesanth and two other cricketers were arrested in 2013 on suspicion of taking money to concede a fixed number of runs .
photos taken on frontline of fighting in countryside outside rebel - held city of aleppo .  show prisoner wearing orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot .  images bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under terror group ' s control .  groups such as raqqa is being slaughtered silently , which operates in isis ' de facto capital city , work undercover .  this has made the activists a major target , with the terror group exacting bloody revenge on those found to be spreading information on their activities .
first batch of asparagus of the season was placed in a can and attached to a drone .  the drone crashed and exploded mid - journey in the netherlands .  personal drones have surged in popularity with amazon selling 10 , 000 of them every month .
instagram account jacques lamerde is anonymous and roughly translates to ' jack sh - - ' .  the account pokes fun at high - end dining by dressing up cheap , fattening , convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations .  one description , featuring a hot pocket as the centerpiece , read : ' hay - baked hot pockets with hidden valley bacon ranch spheres and a puree of zoodles ' .
the video was recorded in the state of washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year .
governor mary fallin signed a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death .  the method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner ' s body to die from lack of oxygen .  opponents say there ' s no way to know whether the method is painless and effective .
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80 - year - old victim was forced to borrow money from his children .  he siphoned off the 400 , 001 fortune over an eight - year period .  when he was finally arrested he told police : ' i played him ' .  he was jailed for four - and - a - half years at warwick crown court yesterday .
karen towed at 10 knots during yesterday ' s incident 18 miles from ardglass .  local trawlermen are usually more concerned about hitting their quotas .  incident is second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine .
addison russell , 21 , was playing for the chicago cubs at wrigley field .  he swung at a first - pitch fastball and accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers .  the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs ' on - deck circle in the seventh inning .  russell went 1 - for - 3 on monday night and is batting 160 in six big league games for the cubs .
len mccluskey boasted that trade unions ' own ' the labour party .  he declared : ' these are our policies  they are now within our grasp ' .  boast comes only 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour ' s budget .
documented and undocumented immigrant population in the united states could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years .  one in seven u . s . residents will be an immigrant by 2023 , the center for immigration studies said .  without no change in current immigration policy , immigrants who arrive in the future and their descendants could account for three quarters of future population .
flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated growth of lactobacillus casei .  scientists at the university of maryland found it inhibits growth of good bacteria .  peanut flour was able to reduce the amount of a dangerous bacterium , enterohaemorrhagic e . coli , which can cause severe food poisoning .
moses kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners , some as young as 15 .  the 28 - year - old is a regular training partner of british long - distance running legend mo farah .  he says he will have to leave uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims . officials at the ugandan athletics federation deny the allegations but details of the story have appeared in a ugandan newspaper .
michael phelps is entered in five events at this week ' s arena pro swim series in mesa , arizona .  the 18 - time olympic gold medallist was suspended last year following a drunk - driving conviction .  phelps has won 22 olympic medals , 18 golds , but was banned from swimming in september .
jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff .  inquest heard he ran from the driver , who gave chase at the seaside town of penarth , south wales .  cabbie dave sidaway said : ' i had no idea how much danger he was in ' .
former strictly come dancing star judy murray says she is ' terrible ' at dancing .  the 55 - year - old ' s mother , shirley erskine , left the venue at dunblane cathedral .  she admitted the wedding of andy , 27 , to his long - term girlfriend kim sears , also 27 .  mrs murray did not take to the dance floor first and let the bride and groom lead the festivities at cromlix , the luxury hotel bought by andy in 2013 for 1 . 8million .
charlotte cobbald , 17 , took the medicine after saying she felt like a ' failure ' .  she ran away from her father , saying ' let me die ' , before she collapsed .  paramedics fought to save her and took her to hospital , but she died from the effects of the drug .
prime minister ' s wife swooped into rochester and strood , the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer .  she also spoke to five - year - old jessica at the school , which aides said was ' very close to her heart ' .  mrs cameron ' s first solo appearance three days into the campaign will be seen as a statement of intent from the conservatives , who are desperate to wrest the seat back from ukip following the by - election .
eden hazard and santi cazorla are set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend .  both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 .  here , sportsmail ' s reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
former white house florist ronn payne wrote a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion ' s domestic staff .  chelsea clinton allegedly referred to the secret service with an offensive counter - culture epithet .  she now shares leadership of the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation , which wouldn ' t respond to questions about the ' pigs ' episode .
patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification .  the former holland assistant worked with louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup .
harry redknapp resigned as queens park rangers manager in february .  the 68 - year - old handed in his resignation citing knee problems . he was speaking at the announcement of a men united xi vs leyton orient .
sjaak rijke was abducted by al qaeda in mali in november 2011 .  french president francois hollande said some militants were killed .  but there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 in their premier league clash .  eden hazard ' s goal was enough to secure the league title .  john terry is adamant that there is still work to be done if they are to win .
the former child star is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel .  among the topics the 50 - year - old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism .  some sources involved in production of real housewives of beverly hills say that kim ' s recent protestations that she was sober were laughable .
brittany huber , 23 , and john redman , 25 , were involved in a deadly car crash on a georgia highway last may .  redman survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home .  the redmanrunners beat westmont college of california 71 - 53 in kansas city on march 24 - 11 months after their wedding .
william kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing from approved premises in hull .  he was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of maureen comfort , who was found dead in 1996 .  police say he must return to prison ' as a matter of urgency ' .
periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers .  the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user ' s phone .  in the us , viewers are being charged between $ 89 . 99 ( 59 ) - $ 99 ( 66 ) to watch the fight while in britain sky is offering the bout for 19 . 99 .
hadas , from eritrea , had ' the cut ' in eritrea when she was just a few months old .  she still suffers from the painful consequences of female genital mutilation ( fgm ) she says she doesn ' t blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure .
despite thousands of foreign fighters flocking to join the sunni extremist group and starring in their propaganda videos , isis ' leadership is dominated by ex - members of the late iraqi dictator ' s military .  almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis ' leader and self - declared caliph , abu bakr al - baghdadi , played prominent roles in the baathist army before the 2003 invasion of iraq .
a man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland .  the old man hit the aggressor ' s car as he changed lanes and cut him off .  tommy solis , who filmed the incident , drove by with a friend , and tried to break up the fight .
scottish first minister said labour leader would soon ' change his tune ' .  he again refused to rule out relying on snp votes to pass key legislation .  critics say that would mean a weak labour government having to negotiate day in , day out with snp mps .
five - month - old sonit awal was trapped under rubble for 22 hours .  he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him .  mother rasmila awal said : ' i am so happy to have my baby back .  i ' m so happy that he is alive ' .
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house .  the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day .  he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after investigations began into alleged cover - ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
the westwood - designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open on may 18 .  it will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings , created in collaboration with richmond design .  the master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king - sized four poster bed , with cushions and a tapestry designed by westwood .
more than 6000 people attended an overnight dance party in homebush .  a 22 - year - old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets .  he was charged with supply prohibited drug , refused bail and appeared in parramatta local court on sunday .  a further 16 people were charged with possession of mdma and three others were issued criminal infringement notices .
the collection , which was created by legendary make - up effects artist rick baker , will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles , california , and on propstore . com this week .  the collection from baker ' s cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746 , 100 .  some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40 , 000 when they are offered to the public for the first time .
jessica mejia , 20 , was killed in the early hours of december 31 , 2009 when her ex - boyfriend , nicholas sord , lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole .  when deputies arrived on the scene , they improperly removed clothing from mejia ' s dead body and took photos of her , according to the lawsuit .  the sheriff ' s office insisted that it took the photographs at the scene in order to gather evidence that helped to convict sord .
sportsmail ' s derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday .  given henrik stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently and reckons his strength is still low .  jason day has a great chance to become another australian winner .
usain bolt says he wants to beat his own 200 - metre world record .  the six - time olympic gold medallist is currently in rio de janeiro .  bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit .
brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities .  sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday .  liverpool face aston villa in their fa cup semi - final on sunday .
guy martin , 33 , wrote a review of the vanquish carbon edition supercar .  he claimed he reached 180mph as he entered the village of sulby on the isle of man ' s tt course .  he said he pressed the accelerator ' flat to the floor ' before seeing the speedometer .  police are looking into the incident which saw motorcyclists descend on the island for one of the most eagerly anticipated events in the racing calendar .
christianne shepherd , seven , and her brother robert , six , died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in corfu in october 2006 .  their father neil shepherd , who is mrs wood ' s ex - husband , and his partner ruth beatson , fell into a coma and were close to death when they were found the next morning by a maid .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bristol city beat bradford city 6 - 0 at valley parade on tuesday night .  the robins are the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion to the championship in style .  they currently lead preston north end by 10 points but have a game in hand .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney alan dershowitz .  miss roberts has been branded ' despicable ' by model agency owner jean luc brunel who said he is considering legal action of his own .
elon musk tweeted : ' ascent successful .  dragon enroute to space station .  rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ' .  impact of landing , however , caused it to tip over .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1 - 0 in their fa cup semi - final .  philippe coutinho scored the winner in stoppage time .  matt kilgallon was unfazed by the challenge of daniel sturridge .
the scandfit try size has been dubbed  the boob - job bra  it comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four , according to their size .  the lightest , size one , weighs in at 50cc , followed by size two at 100cc .  one added cup size is roughly equivalent to 200cc , and the idea is that the inserts can be layered in various sizes to create different sizes of cleavage .
incident occurred wednesday afternoon at alverta b . gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york .  police say annika mckenzie , 34 , walked into the building without being cleared by security .  engelhardt , a mother and teacher of 20 years , has been charged with assault and second - degree strangulation .
up to 2500 passengers on board the carnival spirit are stranded outside sydney harbour because of the city ' s wild weather .  the massive swell , seen from video images taken from on - board , shows just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are .  carnival spirit was returning from a 12 - night cruise to new caledonia , vanuatu and fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves .  the hand railing and pedestal lighting has been damaged and removed for safety reasons .
haute montagne created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier .  it cost 3 , 700 for the grand pianos to be delivered - but drained the customer ' s account of 20 , 000 .  another guest asked for six helicopters to be requisitioned so that a long taxi transfer could be avoided .
stuart armstrong is hoping to get his hands on the scottish premiership title .  the 23 - year - old completed a move from dundee united to celtic on transfer deadline day .  armstrong admits that a title party in the east end of glasgow next month would represent a green day to banish the blues that still hang over his head from a year ago .
scientists at the university of bristol found ' one large glass of wine ' increases ' facial flushing ' and ' confidence ' .  too much booze leads to ' excessive and unattractive ' changes in facial expressions , like bridget jones .
prince ottaviano de  medici di toscana , representative of the historic house of the medici , is aiming to reclaim the city .  vandals have destroyed historic monuments , an influx of fast - food outlets now line the major thoroughfares and binge - drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets and sleeping rough .  as many as 100 , 000 native florentines have left the city to escape traffic and high property prices .
andrew hichens , 28 , will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall .  he will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls .  cornwall and cornwall police federation chairman nigel rabbitts said the new role would never be the same as having a fully - trained policeman , paramedic and fireman on call .
michigan micro mote contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light , including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight , allowing the computers to run perpetually .  inventors say it can act as a smart sensor , and give everyday objects computing capabilities .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn .  the 50 - year - old describes it as ' the sunrise digger who ' s been watching over us for 100 years ' .  the image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on gallipoli .
surveillance footage from philadelphia ' s 15th street station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6 . 40pm wednesday night .  bystanders rushed back in shock as the fallen man dropped from view .  within a second , the man in an eagles jacket ran over and throws himself onto the platform then jumped up after him .  transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men , who are expected to survive any injuries .
manuel pellegrini says his academy players are not ready for the first team .  city may look to invest heavily in other teams ' homegrown talent .  city ' s youth system has come under fire for its lack of productivity .  dedryck boyata is the only former academy player anywhere near first - team contention .
pablo , 27 , and latvian ilze , 31 , met in riga in 2011 .  they have covered almost 7 , 000 miles ( 11 , 131 . 92km ) in 356 days so far they ' ve been through 16 countries .  they use hosting websites such as couchsurfing ( 66 nights ) and warmshowers ( 44 nights )
federal judge anita brody approved the deal after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out .  the nfl expects 6 , 000 of nearly 20 , 000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer ' s or moderate dementia someday .  the deal also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $ 5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma .  nfl commissioner roger goodell has been criticized for not doing enough to prevent players from getting concussions .
jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham ' s record for england ' s leading wicket - taker in tests .  the 32 - year - old is playing in his 100th test match for england this week in antigua .
nottingham forest are keen on signing blackburn striker jordan rhodes .  the 25 - year - old has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons .  blackburn have rebuffed interest from forest , derby , derby and middlesbrough .
jordan spieth won his maiden major at augusta national on sunday .  the world number one is only the sixth player in history to win all four major titles .  graeme mcdowell believes there are a lot of potential young blood coming through which could change the shape of their team .
chris rowe , 31 , was diagnosed with an aggressive lung cancer in december .  he visited doctors five times in two months but was taken to a & e . x - ray revealed a tumour on the 31 - year - old ' s lung .  he has been told his cancer is inoperable , but is enduring gruelling chemotherapy .  his wife kate , 28 , is set to give birth to a baby boy in june .
the golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is developing in its fourth year .  it has long been one of the world ' s biggest producers of fruit and vegetables for profit - hungry farmers .  the trouble is , as it takes 1 . 1 gallons of water to grow a single almond .
atletico madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final .  jan oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep real madrid at bay .  diego simeone wants his side to repeat their performance at the bernabeu .
ocean spray cranberry classic juice drink was found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml .  pomegreat  super juice  had 12 . 1g .  it is more than the amount in a can of coca - cola .  local government association accused soft drink firms of ' dragging their heels ' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products .
jan hansen ' s 7ft tall easter egg is made from layers of belgian chocolate .  it took him three days to put together and is the equivalent of 1 , 600 chocolate bars .  mr hansen hopes to raise 1 , 000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice .
joseph o ' riordan , 73 , stabbed his wife amanda , 47 , with a seven inch kitchen knife .  she was left with life - threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back .  he wrote to his wife from jail asking her to ' get my things together ' .
matt stopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city .  the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his photostream .  li hongjun had received the phone as a gift but whoever had presented it to him forgot to wipe its contents .
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa .  villa have won five of the last five games in all competitions .  sherwood has scored 16 goals in 10 games for villa this season .
the house judiciary committee passed the latest version of the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2 .  the measure seeks to codify president barack obama ' s proposal to end the nsa ' s collection of domestic calling records .  it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations .  the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions will expire june 1 unless congress passes a law reauthorizing it .
chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance too .  the tech - enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news , showing how he is now able monitor his child ' s whereabouts from the skies .
professor in new york invited 11 - year - old autistic son to one of her classes .  he got up on a chair and drew the world map from scratch .  a student took the photos and her father posted them on reddit .
one in five american women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments .  nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look .
england dominated against a modest st kitts & nevis xi .  alastair cook and jonathan trott scored for the hosts .  ben stokes described his captain cook as one of the best players in the world .
residents in farnham , surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ' little hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter .  binmen said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules  even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug .  elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top .  homeowners told to remove any non - recyclable material from the wheelie bin lids .
dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif , the resident experts on the popular e ! series botched , spoke to cosmopolitan . com about the ' jaw - dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show .
steelcase ' s the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being part of an open office work community .  the design is based on the cognitive neuroscience karolinska institute in sweden ' s work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive .  in the u . s . , 70 per cent of offices have low or no partitions as they embrace open office plans .
ben affleck asked producers to leave out the name of his ancestor , named today by the sun as james mcguire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in new jersey in the 1840s .  the academy award - winning actor apologized for asking that information be withheld from a pbs show about his family history .
doncaster beat fleetwood town 0 - 0 at the keepmoat stadium on saturday .  the two sides played out a goalless draw with fleetwood town .  the club ' s media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights .
martin johnson , 46 , was walking his nine - year - old granddaughter charly pennett home when he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in beaumont leys , leicestershire .  onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar crashed close to a school and said he would just ' buy another one tomorrow ' .
the sokaze - ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device .  it moves it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan .  alternatively , the q has a ' 1 / f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , and sends ' natural wind ' that mimics the outside breeze .
the hue of blue inspired by the waters of hawaii is a prominent feature of the obama state china service being unveiled by the white house .  president barack obama is a hawaii native who returns every christmas for vacation .
piggy back taxi app hailo claims to have launched a ' bootyful ' lollypop .  kim k jelly mould and kim kardashian ' s bottom has inspired two april fool gifts .
brett anthony o ' connor has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 .  the 52 - year - old has been free on bail since march .  he was arrested in march accused of assaulting two boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago .  the case was adjourned to the campbelltown court on june 10 .
waitrose announced the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year .  it is stocking large jack hawkins , aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums .  english raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of march .  morrisons , meanwhile , predicted britain would have best crop of asparagus for nearly a decade .
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract .  diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on wednesday .  the french midfielder has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons .  wenger also hopes to find a positive solution to tie tomas rosicky down to a contract extension at arsenal .
solomon bygraves , 29 , was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting robbing stanley evans , 93 , as he returned from a shopping trip .  he offered to help the pensioner with his shopping , but instead snatched his wallet and knocked mr evans to the ground .  mr evans was left lying in the entrance to the flats in soho , central london for ten minutes after the attack .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league quarter - final .  fernando torres insists manager diego simeone is reason behind atletico ' s recent success .  atletico have not been beaten by cristiano ronaldo and co in six meetings since the 2014 champions league final .  torres is one of five atletico players , including cristian ansaldi , jesus gamez , gabi , and mario suarez .
rejean hermel perron , 27 , charged with sexual assault with a weapon , kidnapping , forcible confinement and assault .  police say she emerged from a home in toronto , canada , bound by handcuffs , badly bruised and naked from the waist down begging for help .  she told him that her kidnapper was still inside , but had fallen asleep .
benjamin carr , 22 , harboured a burning hatred of mother - of - five pennie davis .  he ordered fellow drug dealer justin robertson , 36 , to kill her .  mrs davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband .
model and environmental scientist laura wells unveils new swimwear line .  the swimsuits are made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material .  the collection includes zippers , criss - cross straps , plunging v - necklines and high - waisted bottoms .
little foot was a member of the species .  australopithecus prometheus lived at roughly the same time as .  the species whose most famous .  fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia .  researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age .  the findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind ' s ancient relatives .
paul pogba is said to be the subject of a 50m bid from barca .  chelsea are their only rivals for the frenchman ' s signature .  lionel messi has recovered from a foot problem ahead of facing celta vigo .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen .  as the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg , the infant can barely believe her eyes .
the neglected cat from sea isle city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency s . o . s sea isle cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home .  luckily for sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself , she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt .
dereck chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against david price .  the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at wladimir klitschko ' s wbo title .  but his promoter frank warren has confirmed he has been back in the gym for the past month .
manchester united will take part in the international champions cup .  barcelona , porto , paris saint - germain , fiorentina , new york red bulls and la galaxy will all take part .  the pre - season tournament is now in its third year .
medical and law enforcement sources claimed there was ' no evidence ' freddie gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest on april 12 .  it is believed he fell head - first into the back of the van , breaking his neck and his head pointing towards the back door of a van .  the news comes hours after baltimore police admitted the van transporting gray made a previously unreported stop .
cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by antonio amaya .  the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .  ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded .
javier hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send real madrid into the champions league semi - final .  cristiano ronaldo provided a splendid assist for hernandez ' s goal .  manchester united midfielder michael carrick led the tributes to hernandez on twitter .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
manchester united lost 3 - 0 to everton at goodison park on saturday .  goals from james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas did not flatter everton .  louis van gaal said his players could not match everton ' s commitment .
a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and interests .  the survey of 1 , 025 australian parents found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ' more important things ' than had men .  clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins says its important to create space for the things we love to be happy .  twenty per cent of women are inspired to start new hobbies through social media .
gareth bale is out of real madrid ' s champions league quarter - final second leg .  the wales international injured his calf during saturday ' s 3 - 1 win against malaga .  carlo ancelotti will also be without karim benzema and luka modric .
since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2 , 500 agreed to by peru and unesco . entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre in the jungle below , and there will be three different routes through the site .  certified guides and guards will be employed , and security cameras installed as part of the grand plan .
ally mccoist was axed as rangers manager in december .  the 53 - year - old has been on garden leave since december .  john brown insists he will be welcomed back to ibrox ' with open arms ' .
lu lu and zhen zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds .  the chinese panda lasts longer than the average american man in bed .  the average length of a ' romp ' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes .
a study of 2 . 3 million parents has pinpointed 7 . 35am as the most hectic , frenzied time of day in australian households .  sophie falkiner , australian tv presenter , says she has a ' million and one ' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door .  the study also found that nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids .
yaya toure ' s agent dimitri seluk has revealed he wants to talk to manchester city about the way forward .  the 31 - year - old has hinted that he is open to new challenges .  toure has two years left on his current contract but has not managed to have the same influence on manuel pellegrini ' s team this season .  inter milan boss roberto mancini wants to be reunited with toure next season .
nearly half of young professionals think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out , compared to a fifth of the general population .  more than a third of 18 to 24 - year - olds said they have a drinking problem .  binge drinking costs the british economy 4 . 9bn every year in terms of treating drunks in a & e , road crashes , police arrests and court cases .
cathryn parker , 72 , has been living under at least 74 aliases in los angeles .  the case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen .
google executives and employees donated more than $ 1 . 6 million to obama ' s two white house campaigns .  the online search giant parachuted top talent into both .  .  .  and the white house with new senior hires .  there have even been allegations that google ' s up - close relationship with the west wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth - shaking federal trade commission antitrust lawsuit .  google spent $ 16 . 8 million on lobbying last year .
west brom beat crystal palace 2 - 0 at selhurst park on saturday .  craig gardner scored the second - half goal for tony pulis ' side .  the welshman has since taken over at the hawthorns .
the eccentrically - disguised man entered a branch of the u . s bank in santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money .  his blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name .
heather mack , 19 , smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby stella in a holding cell at the denpasar district court .  she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom .  mack and her boyfriend now face 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , sheila von wiese - mack .
luke lazarus , 23 , was jailed for at least three years on march 27 for raping an 18 - year - old virgin in an alleyway outside his father ' s soho nightclub in may 2013 .  the former private school boy said he thought the sex was consensual and that it wasn ' t made him : ' absolutely sick to my stomach ' .  lazarus hired a liquor licensing specialist law firm who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction .
statistics collected at maastricht university in holland , where cannabis is decriminalised .  students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses .  at the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average .  study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world .
chris ramsey and tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league .  qpr scored four goals in a premier league away game for the first time since march 1994 v norwich ( 4 - 3 ) ramsey and sherwood live within 10 minutes of each other .
co - pilot andreas lubitz purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 .  it later emerged that he had been treated for a psychiatric illness .  it has been argued that germany ' s privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy .
action shot was taken at estavayer - le - lac in switzerland where the latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off .  jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg .  makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive .
brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle - tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed .  the incident left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm .  much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons .
care quality commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ' inadequate ' .  in january the commission branded it ' good ' and placed it in special measures .  but it ignored a second , far more positive spot check of the hospital .  experts say it is further evidence the inspection was flawed and a stitch - up by labour party activists and trade unionists who oppose privatisation .
ahmed shaheed bought a tiger cub from a small village near aleppo .  the 28 - year - old showed off his new furry investment on social media .  he only confirmed that he had bought the tiger from a village .  the news comes just a month after the fighter revealed he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company .
nbc host rebecca lowe has helped to improve coverage of the premier league in the past two years .  star anchor rebecca lowe was at turf moor to present burnley ' s premier league match against arsenal .  lowe is a lifelong crystal palace fan and had one eye on palace ' s 4 - 1 win at sunderland .
almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science .  school leaders warn ' bleak ' situation is likely to worsen due to rise in pupil numbers and ' greater competition ' for graduates among employers .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night .  one 15 - year - old boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm , affray and a count of stealing .  the charges come after shocking footage emerged of the moment a father and his daughter were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers .
cancer patient ' s recovery ' one of the most astonishing responses ' ever seen .  doctors at memorial sloan - kettering cancer center in new york have conducted a trial .  they combined a standard drug already used , ipilimumab , with another , nivolumab .  the 49 - year - old woman reported her tumour ' kind of dissolved ' .  she now no longer has any detectable melanoma .
researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction .  the results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield .  results could also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond earth orbit to the moon and mars .  the plant gravity sensing study will be conducted when new supplies are taken to the iss by a spacex dragon capsule on 13 april .  if the study proves successful , it could help humans grow their own food in space , helping in the quest to colonise other planets .
stephen hogger , 55 , was sacked after falling out with senior church figures .  the music director had been at the 14th century church in lavenham , suffolk .  he was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out .  the walkout means it will be the first time the church will be without a choir .
the shell houston open is proving a show - stopper .  phil mickelson has also impressed in the run up to the masters .  spieth attracted criticism for giving up on university and pga tour .
canterbury forwards james graham and david klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee .  nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would ' look very closely at ' their behaviour .  contrary conduct requirements will ' form part of the review ' .
liberty baker , 14 , was walking to school when robert blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car and ploughed into her .  he had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash .  liberty ' s family say they are ' devastated ' by the sentence handed to him .
traffic had started to build up on the m58 around switch island in merseyside .  a silver mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic in a sneaky bid .  but a silver renault driver wasn ' t happy and pulled into the inside lane to block the mercedes from moving forwards .
surgery to reduce the size of the inner  lips  of the vagina has risen five - fold in the past 10 years , with more than 2 , 000 operations performed in 2010 .  the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period .  experts at the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists at the world congress in brisbane have called for more research to try and better understand women ' s motivations .
applicants must meet strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in , have a 25in waist , a high hip of 35 , low hip of 36 and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob .  applicants must be able to do yoga moves including the side crow and lotus .
there is a rising number of firms in the us that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol , or cbd , taken from hemp . compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight .  hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods , hemp oil , wax , rope , paper , and fuel .
newcastle united lost 3 - 0 to everton in the tyne - wear derby on sunday .  head coach john carver said he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve .  but he said he would only reveal what it was following victory .
claudia martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after judge accepted she had a ' momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' .  court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a ' pathological denial of pregnancy ' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl .  she ' intended to dispose of the baby ' s body unnoticed from her family ' .  martins was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility .
david raven scored the winner for inverness against celtic in the scottish cup semi - final .  raven was released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years .  the 30 - year - old was the hero of scottish football at the weekend .
audrey dimitrew , 16 , of virginia accepted a spot on the under - 16 chantilly juniors in november believing she would get playing time .  but she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team .  she was then told by her coach that she could transfer to another club if she wanted or she could be a practice player for the team .  after several appeals to the league were denied the transfer .
everton host swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday .  roberto martinez ' s players train at goodison park on tuesday .  john stones and aaron lennon stuck around for a meet - and - greet session .  romelu lukaku did not take part in the session .  everton were six games into a seven - game winning streak exactly a year ago .
lania roberts , an art student at syracuse university , was standing in front of her mirror , vowing to change herself - but eventually to love herself more .  lania ' s journey began after making a new year ' s resolution to lose weight and love more back in 2012 .  the louisville native had been accepted to a highly - selective art program at the kentucky governor  s school for the arts .
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled at the grosvenor house hotel in london on sunday .  eden hazard , cesc fabregas , phil jagielka and santi cazorla all included in the ea sports xi .  the system , which measures a player ' s contribution to the success of his team , sees two fewer chelsea players in the line - up with gary cahill and nemanja matic failing to make the team .
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach .  the 48 - year - old has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 .
eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise , posted the video to youtube accusing the man of impersonating an army impostor .  in the footage , a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member where he did his basic and boot camp training .  the man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in fort benning , georgia and not miami .
over 45 , 000 descend on aintree for the perfect build - up ahead of saturday ' s main event .  saphir du rheu , ridden by sam twiston - davis , took home the betfred mildmay novices ' chase .
frankie franz watched martin montoya pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona ' s ciutat esportiva training ground earlier in the month .  the nine - year - old defender moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time .  in the video he can be seen turning to face the camera looking absolutely gob - smacked as he places his hands behind his head .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport .  their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts .  mrs costello had been ' under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages .  a long island court sided with the adult children last year , and emily is appealing .
protest group ashleyout . com had urged fans to boycott the game .  several hundred gathered outside of st james ' park before kick - off .  supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment .
west brom beat crystal palace 2 - 0 in their premier league clash .  tony pulis led his side to a 2 - 1 victory over his former club .  james morrison and craig gardner scored for the baggies .
manchester city lost 4 - 2 to manchester united at old trafford on new year ' s day .  pablo zabaleta admits confidence is low with 18 points to go .  the defending champions are now 12 points behind leaders chelsea .
hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach .  the 49 - year - old has also coached bayer leverkusen and vfb stuttgart .  the coach ' s contract is also valid for the second division should hamburg be relegated .
chuka umunna , increasingly tipped as likely successor to ed miliband , said he was opposed to ' taxing for the sake of taxing ' .  remarks highlighted divisions in labour ' s top ranks over the 50p rate .  labour has pledged to vote in favour of a 50p top rate if it holds the balance of power after may 7 .
manny pacquiao is set to fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  the 36 - year - old took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey .  pacquaio ' s trainer , freddie roach , believes his man has a better chance of beating mayweather now than he did in 2010 .
an american soldier was killed when an afghan soldier opened fire on a group of u . s . troops in the eastern afghan city of jalalabad on wednesday .  the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u . n . embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor .  all embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission , the embassy said .  nato confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack , without providing the nationality of the slain soldier .
deputy prime minister heckled by protesters in surbiton , south - west london .  he said only the lib dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor .  clegg said david cameron was ' a classic traditional traditional tory ' .
stuart mccall says he is already working on a dossier of targets for next season .  the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge .  rangers are second in the scottish championship table .  the club ' s team of scouts were jettisoned under the disastrous craig whyte regime and former boss ally mccoist was largely forced to turn to a list of former servants he had personal knowledge of when trying to bolster his squad .
kyle patrick loughlin , 21 , charged with sexually assaulting two boys at a daycare center where he worked .  police found more than 100 pairs of children ' s underwear and diapers .  loughlin pleaded ' not guilty ' in court on friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery .  he will now be held without bail until a dangerousness hearing next week .
a 14 - year - old boy from blackburn , lancashire was arrested on saturday .  he allegedly communicated with australian men over a plan to hack officers to death in melbourne on anzac day .  police tipped off australian authorities who swooped on the suspects .  five men from melbourne were arrested over the planned attack .  sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with terror offences today .  he was re - arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .
stoke city beat southampton 2 - 1 at the britannia stadium on saturday afternoon .  charlie adam scored a late winner to earn all three points at home to ronald koeman ' s side .  morgan schneiderlin doubled southampton ' s lead with a second - half turnaround .
south sydney hooker issac luke posted an offensive comment on his instagram account .  the 27 - year - old had intended to donate a jersey to the injured young rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at anz stadium on friday night .  the good samaritan is under investigation by the nrl integrity unit over an alleged homophobic slur after luke hit back to the taunts , saying : ' get off my page you lil poofters ' .
andy goode tweeted : ' bad values from @ christianwade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @ hambofoundation then saying he ' s too tired , poor culture & no trust ' .  the 23 - year - old did not attend and clearly infuriated veteran goode , who will join london irish in the summer .
palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics .  the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs .  the presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds , but chilesaurus shows that a meat - free diet was acquired much earlier than first thought .
carl thompson , 32 , has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years .  he is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover , kent .  he spends roughly 200 every week on takeaways and online food shopping .
argentina legend diego maradona lost his cool to kick out at a steward .  the 1986 world cup winner scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota .  however , he saw red with a steward trying to halt him while applauding fans .
the unnamed couple are suing the risque erotic e - book ' a gronking to remember ' .  they claim a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission .  the fan fiction , which is $ 2 . 51 on kindle , is about a housewife ' s infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob ' gronk ' .  it has been shown as a source of ribald humor on tonight show and jimmy kimmel live .
lewis hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from mercedes team - mate nico rosberg .  hamilton led rosberg at the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday .  the 29 - year - old claimed hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race , drawing him back into a chasing sebastian vettel in his ferrari .  hamilton has been out - qualified and out - raced by hamilton so far this season .
facebook ' s mark zuckerberg opened up about the future of travel .  the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker , oculus rift .  users will be able to see the world from multiple viewpoints .  facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed .
pebble watch has a mammoth 2 . 4 in face , making it about twice the size of an iphone 4 screen .  it pops out of its strap so you can take advantage of the two cameras .  with gps , pebbleter and compass , it can also track your activity and calories burned .
marc and shanon parker have designed and built a fleet of movie - inspired vehicles .  versions of batman ' s tumbler from the dark knight trilogy and the ghostbusters car - or ecto - 1 as the spook - hunting team call it .  the brothers have made an optimus prime truck based on the most recent transformers movie , as well as a tron - inspired motorbike .
washington , cleveland and houston all earned 2 - 0 leads in their nba first - round playoff series with victories on tuesday .  lebron james scored 30 points as the cleveland cavaliers beat toronto raptors 117 - 106 in toronto .  cleveland ' s 99 - 91 win followed their victory at the weekend to put them in a strong position in the best - of - seven series .
mats hummels has been linked with a move to borussia dortmund .  germany legend franz beckenbauer believes the 26 - year - old is at the right age to make the move to england .  dortmund are likely to miss out on european football next season .
london mayor will make high - profile appearance with david cameron .  there have been growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ' weaponised ' as the party seeks to break away from labour .  many polls indicate deadlock , one by survation for the daily mirror lifted tory spirits by putting their party up four points in a week .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on a one - year loan deal in september .  the colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at old trafford .  monaco spent a reported 50million to sign the striker from porto in may 2013 .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jack wilshere has been linked with a move to the etihad stadium .  the 23 - year - old has picked up a total of 24 separate injuries this season .  he has been doubted on several occasions because of his lifestyle .
darknet shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web .  it would spend up to $ 100 a week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale .  the robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in st gallen , north east switzerland .
trussell trust claimed 1 million people are being fed from food banks .  but tory benefits chief iain duncan smith questioned the claims . he said the best way to help families was to get people into work .
neymar opened the scoring for barcelona in the champions league semi - finals at the nou camp .  the former chelsea defender then added a second goal in the second half to make it 2 - 1 .  psg ' s soft centre cost edinson cavani and andres iniesta were also on target for psg .
sasha obama , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she and sister malia and their parents ditched the white house and the press pool on sunday .  the unscheduled trip came after reporters initially seemed to fear that the departure was some sort of emergency , but officials apparently tipped them off to the president ' s destination .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face each other in las vegas on may 2 .  mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to hold a weight from his head .  actor mark wahlberg stopped by to see the filipino going through his paces .
barcelona ' s leo messi , luis suarez and neymar are just seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season .  the three amigos will match the total scored by thierry henry , samuel eto ' o and messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals .  messi has scored 46 , villa 23 and suarez 19 despite missing the first three months through suspension .  the question is can messi out - - rather can they out - do the greatest forward lines in barcelona  s history ?
mysterious signs have appeared across the surrey village of milford .  one read : ' i love you do much please forgive what i said please ' .  another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the ' best day of my life ' .
mario balotelli reported a temperature of 38 . 7c ( 101 . 66f ) which is above the normal body temperature of 37c ( 99 . 5f ) robbie savage branded the liverpool striker ' pathetic ' for missing the game .  the brazilian was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal or blackburn rovers this week .  philippe coutinho fires home the winner to send liverpool into the fa cup semi - final against reading .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
real madrid ' s work rate has been exceptional while they are passing and moving .  they have completed 184 passes so far so far today .  real haven ' t found their rhythm yet while almeria are just letting them pass from side to side .
psychologists at the university of new south wales in australia found women compared themselves to celebrities in magazines .
bentley motors ' top designer criticized ford ' s lincoln continental on facebook , calling it a ' copy ' .  luc donckerwolke apparently thought the lincoln shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur .  the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears .  lincoln spokesman stephane cesareo dismissed the lincoln designer ' s criticism and said the model ' is clearly a lincoln ' .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen on march 14 in grafton , nsw .  she was due to teach at coutts crossing public school on the nsw north coast . police have traced her last known whereabouts to the lawrence area in the early hours of march 15 .  ms edwards and her husband , john , still own their family home on neill st .
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video .  it looks at the composition of iron man ' s suit , said to be a gold - titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america ' s indestructible shield .  this is  strong but light , and can be reformed after taking damage ,  said dr raychelle burks .
robbie fowler scored the quickest hat - trick in premier league history for liverpool against arsenal in 1994 .  thierry henry scored a treble against liverpool for arsenal at highbury back in 2004 .  fowler has scored two of the five hat - tricks that have been netted in this match - up since the inception of the premier league .
laura stevens ' photo series ' another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship .  british photographer , 38 , who lives in paris , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up .
in an interview with npr , obama said likely republican presidential candidate scott walker may change his ' foolish ' position on a deal with iran on ' day one ' if elected to higher office .  walker fired back at obama on twitter , saying , ' americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them ' .  obama ' s jab at walker departed from the white house ' s general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president .
angela merkel demanded a new european system that distributes asylum - seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength .  call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean , where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy .  david cameron insisted at an emergency eu summit on thursday that the uk would not take any of the refugees  because it was already doing its part by virtue of having the continent ' s largest aid and defence budgets .
a utah photographer , alan lawrence , created a photo series in which his 18 - month - old son , wil , appears to be flying in many different scenes .  lawrence said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish .  the family recently started a kickstarter campaign to donate half the proceeds to two down syndrome foundations .
the video was recorded in auckland , new zealand .  the fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its tongue onto the beef .  it then becomes attached to the frozen beef steak and has a taste .  luckily , a video maker intervenes and sets it free with a little prod .
nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the yellow river in gansu province and the ningxia region .  experts say the new stretch means the full range of the qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time .  parts of the great wall date back to about 700 bc , the first complete wall was built during the reign of china ' s first emperor , qin shihuang .
yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before israel ' s independence day .  across the country israelis remember the 23 , 320 people who died ' fighting for the national cause ' since 1860 .
mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , off the coast of weymouth , dorset , on sunday .  photographer jack davies said : ' it was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres below andrei , crashing against jagged rocks ' .  last year the riders took part in a promotional video to highlight the need to increase space for cyclists in london by cycling over some of the capital ' s top landmarks .
john brown says celtic have a case of ' sour grapes ' about their recent scottish cup exit .  brown was part of the ibrox side which contested an old firm scottish cup final with two trophies already banked .  alan muir awarded aberdeen a penalty that effectively relegated the dens park side .
the i ' m up alarm can be set to go off the night before and only turn off by scanning a qr code on a mug or magnet that can be printed on your favourite mug or a fridge magnet .  when the alarm goes off at a certain time , the only way to then get it to stop making a noise is to get out of bed and scan the code .  the app developers also say they will be able to print the code onto mugs or magnetic buttons .
the 31 - year - old has reportedly been transferred from hmp manchester to ashworth hospital , a high - security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside .  cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 .  together with myra hindley , who died in prison in 2002 , he tortured and murdered five children in greater manchester between 1963 and 1965 .
bahar mustafa , 27 , was student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london .  she appeared to ban ' cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match , which is the opposite of transgender .  mustafas ' union eventually backed down after a backlash from students .
patrick miller and his friend damien stayed at the family - run hotel in cyprus .  they were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever .  the three - and - a - half minute video was titled ' never letting him book a hotel again ' .  it offers a glimpse into every traveller  s nightmare  dirty rooms , antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare to enter .
hearts beat hearts 2 - 0 in the edinburgh derby on saturday .  alan stubbs ' side are level on points with rangers , who have a game in hand .  the hibs are up for saturday ' s scottish cup semi - final against falkirk .  click here for all the latest hearts news .
sergio barrientos - hinojosa was arrested late saturday .  no one was injured .  police say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .
rodrigo alves , 31 , has undergone 30 body - changing operations , including four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six - pack implants .  the london flight attendant , who is best known as the new human ken doll , is set to appear on the new season of the e ! reality show botched .
jennifer drew , 31 , has saved 17 , 000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons .  the mother - of - one has accumulated so many bargains she has even dedicated the garage at her home in ashby - de - la - zouch , leicestershire .  the frugal english teacher estimates she saves 70 each week on food , and once managed to get a weekly shop worth 140 for just 29p .
boris milat detailed how his brother , ivan , shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962 , more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree .  mr milat confessed the shooting was his murderous brother ' s first violent crime , despite police never considering him a suspect .  the ' wrong man ' was sentenced to life in prison , but if the wrong man had not been jailed
jockey andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday ' s landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket .  terror finished fourth place in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september .  frankie dettori , who will ride osaila , has been unveiled as newmarket ' s ambassador for 2015 .
alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening .  she felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged .  the mother - of - one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue .  after five minutes of choking , a false nail fell out onto the pavement .  ms hall is now urging others to check their inhalers before use .
a pair of turkey - sized  egg thief lizards  dubbed romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75 - million - year - old rock in the mid - 90s .  palaeontologists led by scott persons believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones .  they say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail .
an unnamed wall street trader made a profit of approximately $ 2 . 5million on friday thanks to a tweet from the wall street journal .  the trader purchased 315 , 800 shares of chipmaker altera one minute after the journal reported intel was in talks to purchase them .  seconds later , the trader had snapped up 3 , 158 contracts of altera , with each option contract giving them the right to purchase 100 shares .
gary hooper came off the bench to score a stoppage time winner .  the former celtic striker had been a transfer target for neil lennon earlier in the season .  adam le fondre looked to have extended bolton ' s unbeaten run to four games .
pablo osvaldo thinks andrea pirlo and francesco totti should move to boca juniors .  the 29 - year - old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton .  the duo have become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games .
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months .  a stomach operation meant philip could no longer work as a 400 a week gardener .  their loss of income saw victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant .  philip was given a lifeline by local businessman jasen jackiw .
an analogue promotional watch from apple is listed on the internet auction site with a  buy it now  price of $ 2 , 499 . 99 ( 1 , 707 . 47 ) plus postage .  for the same price as the 1997 timepiece , apple fans could pre - order five of the cheapest apple watch sport , which cost 299 in the uk and still have some change .
jerald christopher ' jc ' jackson , of immokalee , florida , was arrested on saturday after a robbery at a gainsville apartment .  police said the 19 - year - old cornerback left the apartment , and then one of the other men pulled out a handgun and demanded money and drugs .  the former - four - star recruit was booked into the alachua county jail on sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm .  he was held on $ 150 , 000 bond .
helen flanagan , 24 , looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out in a floral midi dress .  some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising it ' s a time when their bodies are changing drastically .  other women will simply continue with their glamorous pre - maternity wardrobes , choosing to ignore the fact they ' re pregnant .
hull city lost 2 - 0 to southampton at st mary ' s stadium on saturday .  a james ward - prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing .  steve bruce is confident he can keep hull in the premier league this season .
dirk kuyt is returning to feyenoord next season .  the former holland forward signed a one - year contract with the club .  kuyt was the eredivisie ' s top scorer in the 2004 - 2005 season .
warrington were beaten 30 - 10 by warrington in the super league .  the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans .  widnes condemned the loss of winger matty russell with a leg injury .
gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company .  the italian has been linked with takeovers at millwall and reading .  bradford lost 6 - 0 at home by bristol city in the fa cup on tuesday .
valencia beat levante 3 - 0 at the mestalla on monday night .  paco alcacer and sofiane feghouli scored for the home side .  barca lead on 75 points after they squandered a 2 - 0 lead and drew 2 - 2 at fifth - placed sevilla on saturday .
both federal government regulations and the american heart association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year .  some scientists are now saying that the average american salt consumption rate carries no risk .
sergio aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put manchester city 2 - 0 up at the etihad .  david silva and jesus navas scored in the 20th minute for west ham .  west ham ' s james collins made it 3 - 0 after his miss - timed clearance loops over adrian for an own goal .
uefa have published champions league regulations for next season .  top - seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest - ranked countries .  arsenal , atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in the august 27 draw .
750 plaintiffs claim johns hopkins approved and helped to plan the study , which ran from 1945 to 1956 .  the few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected , and many among them were orphans .  in the aftermath of the experiment , some of the individuals died of syphilis , with open sores covering their bodies .  those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children , ending up with babies without a brain .
maren sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at milford ' s jonathan law high school in milford , connecticut on april 25 , 2014 .  a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder as an adult .  the event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by sanchez ' s mother .
kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band .  the bands name is in reference to english rockers duran duran .  spurs have won their last 11 matches , including a 107 - 91 victory over phoenix suns in their last match .
rafael benitez has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria .  the spaniard has received fresh criticism of his waistline .  sinisa mihajlovic is being lined up to replace him at napoli .
sponge bobby the seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after being struck by a boat or a jet - ski .  the force of the collision broke sponge bobby ' s jaw causing her to die .  the six - month - old seal had been nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctury .
felipe massa is preparing for the bahrain grand prix this weekend .  williams driver rob smedley claimed he was seeing the best of the brazilian in their nine years working together .  massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008 , a season he challenged for the title .
the boeing 757 continued its 3 , 700 - mile journey from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , colorado on tuesday .  it wasn ' t until the plane landed that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane .  it is unknown how many people were on board .  aviation experts said that lightning strikes to commercial planes happen one to five times per year .
david cameron will say tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on .  he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side .  claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of culture secretary sajid javid , the only current asian tory seen as a potential contender .
martyn waghorn was sent off for a senseless kick at millwall .  jimmy abdou came on to break the deadlock with a rare strike .  millwall ' s ed upson was also dismissed for his reaction .
le classique picnic , which costs 55 ( 40 ) for two people , comes with a choice of wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps .  customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online .  tuileries gardens near the louvre is one of paris ' perfect picnic spots in the spring time .
jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was desperate to remove her former flame ' s name from her forearm when she met her new man , ryan .  she tried to burn it off with acid without diluting it with water or reading the instructions .  jessica ' s skin became red raw , scabby and worst of all , and the tattoo was still visible .
dave roberts , 50 , is in the running to become the mayor of middlesbrough .  followed in his great - great - uncle daniel mcallister ' s footsteps by leaping off bridge .  mr roberts , from marton , middlesbrough , said : ' daniel , this one ' s for you ' .
grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in a home in fredericksburg , virginia , about 3pm friday .  mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat , however police have not commented on the cause of death .  steven vander briel , 30 , was arrested and charged with first - degree murder and abduction .
mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby .  the english referee sent off vincent kompany during the international break .  city captain tyler blackcett was dismissed for two bookable offences .
jenson button crashed into the back of pastor maldonado ' s lotus .  the pair were dicing for 13th place in the chinese grand prix .  fernando alonso was sent into a spin while button sustained damage .
izzy brown was on the bench for chelsea ' s 4 - 0 semi - final win over roma .  the 18 - year - old scored twice in the 3 - 2 final victory over shakhtar donetsk .  brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire chelsea to glory in the uefa youth league either side of a call - up to jose mourinho ' s first - team squad .
andrew chan has married his girlfriend of three years , febyanti herewila .  according to a family friend , the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island on monday .  this comes just months after the convicted drug smuggler proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february .  chan ' s final wish to spend his last days at church with his family was granted .
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of calbuco volcano . the volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption .  an estimated 1 , 500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared .
peter alliss said equality for women had ' b * * * ed up the game for a lot of people ' .  he said the bbc should have done more to secure the open championship .  alliss ' s comments come as the 2016 open championship will be broadcast live on the bbc before sky sports takes over .
joshua saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .  the toddler was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home on sunday at 12 . 25pm .  saunders was pronounced dead at northeast georgia medical center .
dr julie epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct .  the sydney anti - ageing doctor has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission for her conduct between august 2007 and 2009 .  the tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records .
more than half of uk children don ' t have any veg , and 44 % have no fruit on a daily basis .  annabel karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables .  it ' s easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to wills .
lacey mccarty , seven - year - old phillip mccarty and five - month - old christopher swist died in a botched murder - suicide in palm bay , florida in march .  their mother jessica mccarty was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first - degree murder .  swist said he had a close bond with the children and gave them all nicknames to go by .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7 - 6 ( 3 ) , 6 - 2 to reach the miami open final .  the no 1 - seeded no 1 closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title .  andy murray beat tomas berdych 6 - 4 , 6 .
novak djokovic beat rafael nadal in the semi - finals of monte carlo .  the world no 1 is bidding to win his third masters title in a row .  tomas berdych has reached the monte carlo masters final for the first time in his career .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 2 - 0 in the champions league quarter - final .  neymar is a blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi .  luis enrique has strong chance of matching pep guardiola ' s debut season .
east lancashire railway  s award - winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast  s calendar .  this year  s event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever .  the island  s walking festival offers the ideal chance to pull on your boots and go exploring .
dylan miller , a senior at juniata college , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half - hour walk from campus .  with no plumbing or electricity , miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear .  he hopes living in his nine - foot - tall , 17 - by - 17ft hut will teach him about living simply , away from the luxuries of the present day .
mike brown was knocked out of england ' s rbs 6 nations fixture in february .  the 29 - year - old has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury .  brown has been advised not to play until the world cup warm - up matches in august .
perth glory supporters will face the prospect of a five year ban .  a 13 - year - old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7 . 10pm on friday .  police have charged two teenagers for setting off flares within the club ' s active supporter group section .  the incident follows as glory were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $ 269 , 000 after being found guilty of breaching the salary cap over a three - year period .
drunkards banned from every boozer in birmingham for ' complete incompetence ' .  all placed on 1904 blacklist after four convictions under inebriates act of 1898 .  list was sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol .  offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of ' hard labour ' in comparison to today ' s fixed penalty or fine .
manchester united host manchester city at 4pm on sunday .  chris smalling could feature for the red devils in the manchester derby .  luke shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury .  vincent kompany is doubtful for sunday ' s derby with a fitness test . sergio aguero has scored four goals in his last three premier league matches .
annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse , all from utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the church of latter day saints .  church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized .
jiang min ' s hands are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery .  mum jiang min says she has run out of cash and can ' t even afford food .
brian williams , 55 , is refusing to go down ' without a fight ' as he looks to return .  he was suspended in february with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter .  internal inquiry found williams ' s had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times .
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a bugatti .  the 1 . 5million valued super - car was delivered just 11 hours later .  obi okeke , who owns fusion luxury motors , said the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours .  mayweather ' s mega - fight with manny pacquiao is just three weeks away .
grace mann , 20 , was found dead in her rented home in fredericksburg , virginia .  her third roommate , steven vander briel , 30 , was reportedly home when the grisly discovery was made .  mann ' s parents , melissa and thomas mann , have paid tribute to her .
shabana bibi , 25 , died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body .  police have arrested her husband muhammad siddique and father - in - law pir bakhsh .  bibi had been married to bibi for three years , during which she had suffered repeated domestic abuse because the couple couldn ' t have children .
former u . s . secretary of state will be 69 when she takes office in january 2017 .  she will be sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in 2017 .  a black - and - white image showing hillary as a toddler has been posted on her twitter feed .  clinton is by no means the only high - profile woman refusing to change gear as she gets older .  her daughter chelsea gave birth to a daughter , charlotte , with husband marc mezvinsky in september last year .
brazilian ronaldo and zinedine zidane took part in the 12th annual match against poverty in the french city of saint - etienne .  clarence seedorf , fabian barthez , jay - jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta were joined by a host of former greats to name a few .  former french international david trezeguet also played and scored in the match .
charlie austin has scored 17 premier league goals for qpr this season .  austin scored in qpr ' s 3 - 3 draw with aston villa on tuesday night .  daniel sturridge and danny welbeck are also in roy hodgson ' s pecking order .
wedding and event planner sarah haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to fortune 500 businessmen .  some of the most common last - minute request include special access to exclusive events such as the cannes film festival , the academy awards or tickets to the white house correspondence dinner .  brown and hudson describe themselves as the antidote to everything that is packaged and unconsidered about today ' s luxury travel .
the royal county of berkshire polo club has become one of britain ' s most elite sporting venues since the prince of wales joined when it was founded in 1982 .  it was opposed by the beverly hills brand on the grounds that people could confuse the logo with their own .  the case was taken to the european court of justice in luxembourg .
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday ' s game against leeds united .  the welsh club backed their fans in handing back their tickets ' as a matter of principle ' .  cardiff have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police .
the bus ploughed into a passenger plane at tashkent airport in uzbekistan .  the plane was believed to be an uzbekistan airways service .  ryanair passengers travelling to edinburgh and zadar , croatia were delayed for hours after two of the budget airline  s planes clipped wings at dublin airport back on april 1 .  it ' s the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided at ireland ' s busiest airport .
michelle o ' clee , 39 , said her bigamist husband ' s ' extraordinary lies ' were like something from a john grisham thriller .  she said : ' in my head it was like dominoes  flashbacks of everything and it all made sense ' .  andrew o  clee secretly moved in with philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away .  last week he was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy .
microsoft co - founder this week unveiled ' vulcan aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems . this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft ( 117 metres ) plane will climb to 30 , 000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth .
margaret tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal - themed knick - knacks for more than 40 years .  her collection now fills four whole rooms , including a 1 , 200 wedgwood bust of prince charles .  mrs tyler says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as ' a labour of love ' .
experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day .  svinafells glacier , part of the great vatnajokull glacier in skaftafell national park , may look totally inhospitable but with the right gear and guide it ' s a popular hiking destination .  icelandic mountain guides are among a host of companies running tours and charge from 65 for a four - hour walk .
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s . bmw says it has been notified of one minor injury linked to the defect .  the problem is thought to affect ten per cent of the 2005 and 2006 convertible models being recalled .
aston villa drew 3 - 3 with qpr at villa park on tuesday night .  tim sherwood embraces aston villa mascot hercules the lion .  villa have six more games to achieve premier league survival .
james anderson claimed his record - breaking 384th wicket - taking record .  west indies captain denesh ramdin edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip .  anderson had finally taken his second and what turned out to be his last wicket of a gruelling day .
the stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places .  geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop .  it is not believed to be related to the 7 . 8magnitude earthquake that struck the kathmandu valley on saturday .
david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty .  hector bellerin was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy and justified his manager ' s faith .  mesut ozil wasn ' t quite at his best against chelsea at wembley .
the yazidi girl has been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the islamic state .  earlier this week , more than 200 yazidis were released near kirkuk .  they were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover .  this comes after the release of 216 prisoners who had been held captive since last summer .  hundreds have been able to return , either by fleeing or being set free by isis , and the nine - year - old is among them .
queensland premier annastacia palaszczuk has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered .  until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham , has been in hiding .
mauricio pochettino will be given a hostile reception at st mary ' s on saturday .  the tottenham manager decided to leave last summer .  but he claims he can handle any animosity on his return to southampton .
brayden travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend ' s house in st charles county , missouri in march .  his lungs and kidneys failed , and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage .  his mother , kelly smith - miller , shared a photo of him unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body .
conor mcaleny opened the scoring for reading in the 90th minute .  pavel pogrebnyak equalised for cardiff with a late equaliser .  reading have won only two of their previous nine fa cup matches .  they face arsenal in their last - four clash at wembley on april 18 .
ben jones - bishop scored his seventh of the campaign as salford red devils beat wigan red devils 24 - 18 at the aj bell stadium .  weller hauraki and john bateman were sent off two minutes from time for trading punches .  salford brought in a reunion of their 1996 side , which famously ended wigan ' s record - breaking challenge cup run in 2006 .
kellogg ' s makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to british families .  its two main uk subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of ireland , where corporation tax is 12 . 5 per cent , compared with the uk  s 20 per cent .  latest figures show kellogg  s effectively paid no corporation tax in britain in 2013 , as payments to hmrc by some of its offshoots were wiped out by tax credits elsewhere .
the rubber bowl in akron , ohio , was built in 1939 and served as the home for the university of akron ' s football team for 68 years .  it hosted 310 ua football contests , 19 preseason cleveland browns ' games and a regular - season nfl game in 1952 .
cctv footage has captured a woman standing by the concierge desk .  she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest . the empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box .  the rsl general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman .
stay in cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine and we need not be discouraged by the sight of jellyfish .  not all jellyfish found off uk beaches can sting humans , and for the majority of cases , stings are mild or are easily treated .  nhs now recommending the best product to use now is shaving cream .
lake titicaca is one of the world ' s largest lakes , and its highest navigable one .  it stretches 110 miles by 38 miles across peru and bolivia .
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana burger king quickly turned ugly .  the unnamed customer repeatedly asks to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milk .  the customer then asked for a refund , but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the customer finally got the employee ' s attention .  ' i don ' t know what happened to you today .  and i ' m not going to eat it , ' the customer said .
zlatan ibrahimovic has been suspended for four matches by the french league ' s disciplinary commission following his criticism of a referee .  the paris saint - germain striker will miss his side ' s matches against nice , lille , metz and nantes .  ibrahimovic insulted referee lionel jaffredo and one of his assistants .
the 41 - year - old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to the children ' s marathon .  she accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ' team romeo ' t - shirt .
shadow chancellor said he would not allow nicola sturgeon ' s party to insist on a deal that would put scotland ahead of england .  ed balls has ruled out any post - election pact with the snp .  he said it would be a ' betrayal of the english vote ' .
sacha whitehead , 26 , received donations after posting a call to action on facebook .  she handed out waterproof clothing , blankets and sleeping bags to the homeless .  sydney ' s dispossessed have suffered the worst of the wild weather .  whitehead was spurred into action after reading a friend ' s facebook status .  she said she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home at the peak of the violent storm .
brooke geherman , from alberta , canada , posted a video of her son , kowen .  she asks her son : ' who ' s top ? ' by flushing it down the toilet .  as the goldfish disappears , he proceeds he will never see top again .
the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study , where it turns 90 degrees .  after 20 minutes , the vessel ' flips ' by pumping water into several ballast , sinking the front section of the vessel under the waves .  the vessel was launched in 1962 when its unique ability to measure sound underwater would have been important for the development of submarines during the cold war .
limmy starred in the bbc comedy limmy ' s show .  the three - inch house spider crawls out of his mouth and along his cheek .  the video has been described as a self - imposed ' bushtucker trial ' .
jordan henderson has not given the ball away as much all season for liverpool .  john o ' shea only ran 11 . 9 metres during sunderland ' s 1 - 0 win over newcastle .  steven caulker ' s form has suffered from too many different partners at qpr .
barcelona beat psg 3 - 1 in their premier league clash at parc des princes .  david luiz scored a double in the first half for the catalans .  luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes .
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u . s . highway 36 between boulder and denver , but tow - truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars .  in aurora , near denver , one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of interstate 225 , striking a passing public bus .  near fort carson , the colorado state patrol responded to a series of rush - hour crashes involving a total of nearly 20 cars .
boston red sox beat new york yankees 6 - 5 in the 19th inning .  chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the fourth .  fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light .  the longest game for both teams and the new yankee stadium , which opened in 2009 , pushed past 2am on saturday .
caitlin kellie - jones was diagnosed with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy ( hie ) it allows the brain to cool down and minimise the damage from the lack of oxygen or blood .  she was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33 . 5 degrees for 72 hours .  her parents , nicola and paul , are raising money to help other children .
angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup in march .  paul scholes says united ' s good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for .  united have won 25 points from their last 10 games .
google wallet will store the balances for users of the mobile transfer service in multiple federally - insured banking institutions .  currently , google ' s user agreement says funds are not protected by the federal deposit insurance corporation .  however , a google spokesperson told yahoo finance that the current policy has changed .  funds in wallet balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy .
amanda knoxy and raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of meredith kercher .  they were freed on appeal in 2011 and were cleared of the murder again last year .  knox said she was ' relieved and grateful ' that the court had found her innocent .  she said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed ' because i know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one ' s life ' .
carl frampton has been offered a 1 . 5m payday to face scott quigg in manchester .  the wba super - bantamweight champion wants to fight frampton .  quigg ' s promoter , eddie hearn , said the cheque offered 1 . 5million reasons for the two boxers to fight .  the offer was made live on television , with frampton ' s team given until the end of the week to accept the terms .
boy , who cannot be named , had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago .  his parents , who are latvian , accepted that their son had suffered from ' poor dental hygiene ' due to a diet high in sugar , which had caused tooth decay .  nhs fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20 teeth .
qpr beat west brom 4 - 1 in their premier league clash on saturday .  chris ramsey ' s side have lost 13 of 14 league games so far this season .  the west london club are just three points adrift of safety in the premier league .  qpr host chelsea at villa park on sunday .  click here for all the latest qpr news .
karen wakefield and her husband paul were one of a number of families who featured on bbc ' s controversial documentary ' people like us ' .  the mother - of - two has refused to pay fines and 120 fines for taking her daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey .  mrs wakefield said she ' doesn ' t like being told by teachers when she can go ' .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday ' s attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street .  he was arrested on wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment .  stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar .
the 42 - year - old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car .  he managed to escape in the smashed - up car but wouldn ' t have got far without working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .  police are urging anyone who has seen the dark blue ford falcon ute contact police on 131 444 .
gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family ' s unusual genetic legacy .  the happy couple , who live in manitoba , canada , are now using gayla ' s 96 - inch asset to launch her new career .  she says men love her ' perfect belly ' and she gets approached by bodybuilders and doctors .
game makers told there is nowhere low - rent enough to fill the space of old kent road .  but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the more expensive slots .  exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board - including oxford , cambridge and york .
comcast ceo brian roberts declared , ' today we move on .  on .  of course , we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities , but we structured this deal so that that if the government didn ' t agree , we could walk away ' .  the new company would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers .
bonnie suchet was described by her husband as ' the love of my life ' .  she died on april 15 after a decade - long battle with dementia .  suchet , 71 , declined to comment , saying it was a ' private family matter ' .
baggage handlers at miami international airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage .  a baggage handler at jfk airport in new york was also caught on camera going through a passenger ' s wallet .  this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $ 2 . 5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 .  overall , there have been 30 , 621 claims of missing valuables since 2010 , with most of these coming from checked luggage .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
insurance giant admiral said youngsters failed to string a normal sentence together .  forms saying : ' u r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ' btw am out of work atm ' are examples hitting their job chances .  cardiff - based insurer admiral employs over 5 , 000 people .  report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities - and their inability to manage money led to many of them overestimating the costs involved in taking a job .
villarreal are sixth in the la liga table following their 1 - 1 draw with getafe .  mateo musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes left to play .  the argentine underwent a successful operation after being diagnosed with a broken left ankle .  barcelona lead the way at the top of the table on 75 points but their advantage was cut to two points following a 2 - 2 draw with sevilla on saturday .
nick scholfield has been lined up to ride jim culloty ' s spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on april 11 .  the champion trainer said on wednesday it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered .
marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges at a fitness to practise hearing in front of the nursing and midwifery council .  she also declined to send a lawyer in her place .  ms ratcliffe is the first of eight midwives accused of misconduct and poor care at university hospitals of morecambe bay foundation trust to appear before the nmc .
over - 55s had the same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 - 24 .  this left them vulnerable when companies start ' shedding ' jobs .
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year , with three people killed in australia and south africa .  despite the worrying statistics , only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans , with great white , bull and tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks .  reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years , more per capita than anywhere else in the world .
adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to michael jackson ' s ' don ' t stop ' til you get enough to pharrel williams ' happy , while on his round in exeter , devon .  the royal mail worker has been dubbed ' the happiest postman in the world ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
former cia director david petraeus was sentenced to two years probation on thursday for leaking classified information to his mistress .  he was wearing his wedding ring but there was no sign of his wife , holly .  petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material .
many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands .  critics allege that the dvla has been operating a ' money - making scam ' after figures showed clamping soared after the paperless system was introduced in october last year .  many say the authority was too quick to penalise motorists without first warning that their car was not taxed .
kyhesha - lee joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe distress of internal injuries , a court has heard .  her father matthew lee williamson and his friend christopher arthur neville kent have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty .  they have been released on bail .
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house in suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags .  the move was designed to encourage visitors to  dwell and take in the atmosphere  but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move  misguided 
obama said it is ' personally difficult ' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for israel ' s interests .
vivienne garton , 65 , was devastated after her 10 - year - old west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden in knowle west , bristol , earlier this month .  she began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home .  but shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up the dog .
naughty boy posted a clip of what was thought to have been the 22 - year - old ' s first single .  naughty boy , from watford , retweeted a fan video entitled ' naughty boy saved zaughty ' .  onlookers can only speculate that naughty boy ' s reference to something he ' didn ' t do ' is linked to the collaboration between the two and zayn ' s former bandmate louis tomlinson .
a man in a ' distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from the dairy ' s till .  he made off with the till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday .  police say there were no signs of weapons used but the robber remained at large .
chelsea captain john terry has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games so far this season .  the 34 - year - old made just 14 premier league appearances for chelsea in 2012 - 13 .  rafa benitez believed terry couldn ' t play two games in a week .  terry will beat leicester , crystal palace , liverpool , west brom and sunderland .
centre pompidou malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous parisian gallery planned outside france .  there are a brilliant room of self - portraits , including a francis bacon and frida kahlo .  by 2016 , a museum of fine arts and archaeology will complete the set .
the 18 - year - old is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell gigi , 19 .  she models a $ 895 fleur du mal lace bodysuit and $ 1 , 250 giuseppe zanotti cowboy boots .  bella ' s designer footwear is on sale for $ 500 ( less than half the original price ! )
punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016 .  many were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii .  but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers , blaming ' shirtless f * * * wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ' gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would be hardest hit .
gianluigi buffon has played with andrea pirlo , paval nedved and lilian thuram .  here , buffon explains why they ' ve made his champions league dream team .  buffon recalls the great names he played alongside and against .
london - based designer claims to have made the world ' s safest bike .  called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage .  crispin sinclair is seeking 50 , 000 of funding on site indiegogo .  the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
bunkie king , 60 , had a three - way relationship with australian actor jack thompson .  the 60 - year - old  s first meeting with thompson was when she was 15 years old .  he was also involved with leona , nicknamed le , who is nicknamed le .  ms king also revealed how she shared one man with her sister , 20 .
ap mccoy and mr mole will have six rivals in the grade one celebration chase at sandown on saturday .  paul nicholls - trained mr mole is one of three 7 - 2 co - favourites in the seven - runner line - up .  mr mole ' s book of rides for his final day as a professional jockey will not be finalised until friday morning .
aimee west , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper .  major draper was a mourner at her fiance ' s funeral in woolwich , south - east london .  miss west and major draper have been on several dates in the past few months .  mrs west ' s ex - wife , jane , said she was not surprised by his new relationship .
mike tindall bought monbeg dude for 12 , 000 at auction after a boozy dinner .  the former england rugby star tweeted ' holy s * * * , i ' m lost for words and emotions ' .  after a whopping 105 , 500 pay day , zara , an experienced rider , called him an idiot .  many clouds and second placed saint are in a thrilling finish .
john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the colorado game on sunday .  his son had surgery last monday - opening day for the colorado - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue .  axford said the toes of 2 - year - old jameson ' look fine ' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection .
almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage .  the state , which supplies more than three - quarters of the world ' s $ 4 . 93billion almond market , is in its fourth year of drought .  an online petition demanding that the company seizes production of bottled water in california with immediate effect has garnered more than 150 , 000 signatures .
aston villa could sign cordoba striker florin andone for as little as 2 . 5million .  the spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds .  andone has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling spanish side .
borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles between them .  the two clubs meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings .  jurgen klopp insists their league position after the klassiker is not his biggest concern .  the battle at the bottom of the table is intensifying with all of the bottom eight sides separated by just seven points and still in danger .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to protest the company ' s slogans .  wicked pickets , a community action group , decided to take justice into their own hands after the company failed to live up to its promise .  the company came under fire last year after over 120 , 000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet .
moya gerber and her sister rone odendaal spotted the buffalo in the kruger national park , south africa .  after a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions ' clutches .
louis jordan , 37 , was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina .  he suffered no sun damage , was not dehydrated and refused treatment .  coast guard crew said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting him to be covered in blisters and severe sunburn .
louis van gaal is starting to assert himself at the united after a stuttering start .  if he is to take united back to the top , he ' ll need more than memphis depay .  his record will need to stand comparison with that of sir alex ferguson .
doug hughes made his initial appearance in u . s . district court in washington on thursday .  he was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace .  homeland security secretary jeh johnson said thursday that the copter ' literally flew in under the radar ' .
paddy morrall noticed the full - length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in inverness , scotland , on wednesday .  the 31 - year - old builder , from keighley , near bradford , has kept the board .  it comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of jesus on a hot cross bun .
nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer , resisting police and escaping custody .  the 39 - year - old was already caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder .  the kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away .
lone lioness shows her determination - single - handedly felling a towering giraffe in hwange national park , zimbabwe .  the lioness eventually locked on to the tall animal ' s throat to kill it .  other lionesses were distracted by a passing warthog and chose to chase the easier prey instead .
caretakers of abraham lincoln ' s tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine .  the timing of a ceremony wednesday in springfield to mark his death is awkward because illinois faces a financial crisis .  the hours and days the lincoln tomb is open have been reduced , and it ' s open with fewer employees since state lawmakers cut $ 1 . 1 million funding for sites in the springfield area .
eugenie bouchard crashed out of the miami open to tatjana maria .  the 21 - year - old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 lesia tsurenko at indian wells .  serena williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year .
wide - leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends .  louise redknapp says denim is the easiest way to achieve the trend .  louise and emma mccartney kept it classy with a dressier - style pant .
the dramatic collision is being dubbed the ' craziest rear - end collision in the country ' .  pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo , china ' s equivalent of twitter .  it ' s unclear if this is a military tank serving the state army .
xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state - sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde .  now , the recipient of singapore ' s prestigious agency for science , technology and research ( a * star ) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison .
police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb .  it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport .  the stash would have been worth $ 2000 if it had been sold .  police said the sender would be ' feeling a little sheepish ' after their attempt to smuggle the marijuana was sniffed out .
christine carriage , 67 , handed six - month suspended sentence at norwich crown court .  police found 1 , 337 items of stolen clothing , shoes and handbags in her home in bowthorpe , norwich , in november 2013 .  officers found cash , drug paraphernalia and at least an eighth of a kilo of cocaine .  carriage had convictions for dishonesty from the 1960s and 1970s , as well as two convictions for shoplifting in the 1980s and 1970s .
staff at scooter ' s coffee , omaha , were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours by an ' unknown third party ' .  instead of the usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola ' s pages after they were hacked .
an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning .  the hashtag was in reference to the station ' s former newsreader steve blanda , who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade .  a 2ue spokesperson told daily mail australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts .
carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus .  the former manchester city striker ' s deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season .  boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31 - year - old .  tevez ' s international manager tata martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on the player ' s argentina future .
james oatway took chilling images of emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township , south africa .  he said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti - immigrant protests that are sweeping the country .  but in a desperate twist he found it was closed because the foreign - born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift for fear of being attacked .
the three men , who are in their 50s , are all from the york area .  they were questioned over night by police investigating the chef ' s disappearance .  ms lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18 , 2009 .  her father , peter , reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work in the canteen of the university of york for her 6am shift .  detectives are currently looking for evidence which could lead to the discovery of ms lawrence ' s body .
cesc fabregas has been enjoying an impressive return to english football .  arsenal fan tv favourite claude callegari insists the flag should be taken down from the side of the emirates stadium .  the 27 - year - old is set to start against his former club at the emirates on sunday .
the egyptian - themed mansion , advertised online as pharaoh ' s palace , promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa .  millionaire gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property .  on friday the county code enforcement board found that lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood .
raymond lee fryberg jr . was arraigned in seattle on thursday , nearly six months after his son jaylen fryberg used the gun to kill four of his classmates last year .  fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms . he allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her , slapped her and pulled her hair .
cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again .  council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been ' overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme from cyclists , pedestrians and wheelchair users .  the history of the area dates back to the 19th century when 83 acres of the tidal river avon was impounded to keep ships in the port of bristol afloat at all times .
handwritten notes of samir al - khlifawi reveal how isis were able to take control in the area by recruiting young men as spies .  the documents were found in haji bakr ' s former home in tal rifaat , north of aleppo in syria after his death .  a cache of documents , including the blueprints for an isis secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate local villages , have been discovered in his former home .
lady gaga paid tribute to the sound of music to mark its 50th anniversary .  each year , 300 , 000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic of the film .  salzburg is the most hummable city ever and doesn ' t rush about embracing change .
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the portland timbers past new york city fc 1 - 0 .  a failed clearance fell to the top of the box of the net .  teal bunbury scored one and set up another after coming on in the 61st minute as the new england revolution beat the philadelphia union 2 - 1 .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet - fnr car .  it has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' .  the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .  it was developed in shanghai by gm  s pan asia technical automotive centre ( patac ) joint venture .  chevrolet said the car offered a  glimpse at mobility of the future 
kim howe ' s two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing jenner .  mrs howe was driving a white lexus , which was pushed into oncoming traffic .  jenner ' s cadillac escalade rear - ended on pacific coast highway in malibu .  mr jenner is said to have ' virtually no relationship ' , according to tmz .
kecil the baby orangutan , pronounced ka - cheel ) has raised one surrogate child for 10 months .  zookeepers were nervous that maggie might reject him after birth .  maggie , 53 , has already raised four of her own children and a fifth surrogate which was given to her in 2002 .
tory leader says recovery must be seen in every part of the country .  he says the recovery will not be ' on the screens of the traders in the city of london ' .  latest figures show there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 .
david zaslav was compensated $ 156 . 1million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday .  this thanks to the success of television events like shark week , shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like oprah win one of the highest paid television executives .
eve addison , now 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone .  she assumed she must have develoepd an allergy - but when switching brands failed to help , she developed night sweats and a rash .  tests revealed she was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system .  she has now been given the all clear - and is sharing her story to make others aware of the condition .
summer michelle hansen , 32 , of california entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts with her five male students .  the mother of three was told during the sentencing on friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life .  if she had been convicted at trial , hansen would have faced 13 years in prison if convicted .
lowes , industrie , best & less and the just group were identified as some of the worst performing companies by the 2015 australian fashion report .  amongst the best performers were etiko , audrey blue , cotton on , h & m and zara .  none of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage .
martyn uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car .  he was riding from land ' s end to john o ' groats for macmillan cancer support .  council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard .  but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary .  but local authority is refusing to apologise for the state of the road .
izaak gillen , seven months , was taken to randall children ' s hospital on april 6 with a skull fracture and was pronounced dead the next day .  the state medical examiner ' s office concluded the child ' s manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy .
jessica ennis - hill has confirmed she will return to competition in july .  the sheffield - born star has not competed since 2013 .  katarina johnson - thompson is the heir to ennis hill ' s throne .
cesc fabregas was caught by charlie adam ' s flailing arm during chelsea ' s 2 - 1 win against stoke city on saturday .  the spain international was left with a bloody nose and requiring treatment .  the 27 - year - old also took a whack on his leg during the clash .
manchester city lost 3 - 1 to chelsea in the fa youth cup final first - leg .  vincent kompany , manager manuel pellegrini and patrick vieira were in attendance to watch the club ' s under 18s side fall to a loss .  in - form forward tammy abraham fired chelsea ahead in the seventh minute , but that lead didn ' t last long .  chelsea ' s first - team are currently top of the premier league table , while manchester city ' s are fourth .
the six - month - old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner - east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries .  it was taken in by a local vet clinic , my vet animal hospital , who shared the story of aptly - named ' seven ' on social media .  since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the hefty medical bills and surgeries .
islamic state have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats at tikrit .  some isis supporters appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the extremist group ' s defeats .  specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of isis fighters have been deemed as a breach of online security .  islamic state has previously struggled to keep any control of its fighters and supporters on social media .
the tragedy happened as the pilot was trying to land the aircraft at fort lauderdale executive airport around 4 . 30pm on sunday .  the unnamed pilot declared an emergency , but the plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway .  the reason for the crash is not yet known .  firefighters battled to put out the flames on the crash site because of the size of the fire .
cbs news ' face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday that he ' ll be retiring this summer .  the 78 - year - old was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university ' s school of journalism in fort worth , texas .  ' i ' m one of the luckiest people in the world because as a little boy , i always wanted to be a journalist , and i got to do that , ' he said .
charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .  he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , south carolina , on march 18 , the morning after an alleged ' kegger ' at the house .  neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg .  usc suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death .
lionel messi has been in sensational form since the turn of the year .  psg manager laurent blanc has described messi as ' unstoppable ' .  messi will lead the line for barcelona when they face psg at the parc des princes on wednesday evening .  the second leg will be held at the nou camp on april 21 .
dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington , d . c . perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy , but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions , she wrote in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side .
matthew bird , from ashburton , new zealand , halved his income by quitting his well - paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic .  he said he was happy to give up is $ 70 , 000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $ 38 , 000 - a - year if it meant his child support payment dropped to $ 554 a month .
prime minister ' s wife showed her support of uk business by sporting a thoroughly british outfit at the conservative party ' s manifesto launch in swindon .  sam cam , 43 , a huge fan of british designers , showed her commitment to uk brands once again by plumping for the swindon dress .  other celebrity fans include davina mccall and amanda holden .
west brom host queens park rangers at the hawthorns ( saturday 3pm ) craig dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on wilfried bony .  ben foster has been ruled out for six months with a cruciate ligament injury .  darnell furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury .  richard dunne and leroy fer are both out with knee injuries .
more than a third of gps are considering retirement in the next five years .  one in six is considering going part - time and 7 % are considering quitting .  there is now a national recruitment crisis and many surgeries are short - staffed .
maarij khan and his mother mushammat are set to be removed from their home in newcastle after the home office turned down their bid to remain in the uk .  saffat died of meningitis last month after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer and several rounds of chemotherapy left him severely disfigured .
malia obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 .  she hasn ' t even finished high school , but president obama said he ' s ' sad ' and ' starts tearing up in the middle of the day ' .  malia ' s younger sister sasha , 13 , won ' t start thinking about college for a few years yet .
brutal murder of emmanuel sithole captured on camera by a local journalist . four men accused of killing mozambican man appeared in court today .  anti - immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks .
lizzie borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their fall river home in 1892 .  the vandalism was discovered on monday , the day after a lifetime miniseries , which premiered on sunday night .  borden , who was acquitted of murder , died from complications following gall bladder surgery at the age of 66 .  the murder and trial surrounding borden made her a cult figure and led to an appearance on the simpsons .
riddick bowe was once seen as the world ' s best heavyweight champion .  the 46 - year - old recently offered to ' tweet anything to anyone just paypal me $ 20 bowe @ riddickbowe .
may pat christie , 51 , a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $ 475 , 000 - a - year position this week .  the official reason for the resignation was ' to spend more time with her family and young children ' .
films portraying ' beautiful young vampires ' are said to be encouraging the surge and driving a new generation of what the church considers demonic ' possessions ' .  professor giuseppe ferrari , head of the italian occult watchdog the group on research and socio - religious information .  he said there are those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people ' s blood .  in 2013 , pope francis appeared to cast out a demon from a wheelchair - bound man who said he was possessed by the devil .
online fitness company protein world caused a twitter storm with its poster of a genetically - blessed model in a small yellow bikini .  an unknown internet source has recreated the poster with curvy alternatives .  the poster is being displayed at london ' s transport for london underground and is now being removed following complaints .  internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster , this time featuring three curvaceous women and featuring the caption : ' yes .  we are beach body ready ' .
abdulkadir zeyat , 45 , his wife antika , 43 , and their six children were all discovered at their house in alintepe , eastern agri province .  authorities believe the family died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a gas cylinder used by the family for lightning purposes .  other theories suggested that the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting .
valerie cadman - khan appeared on this morning with her daughter , aimee .  the 56 - year - old mother was interviewed by ruth langsford about the incident .  she appeared visibly upset as she recalled the events of 2008 to presenter .  but she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question .  she said : ' i felt as though he knew that i knew he was a liar and that gave me relief ' .
jia jiang was born into a family of teachers in china .  he was so determined to become an entrepreneur that he dug a hole in the garden , attempting to reach america by the shortest route .  instead of avoiding rejection , he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected , film them and put them up on his blog .
more than half of those newly diagnosed with hiv in britain were born overseas .  nigel farage attacked high cost of health service treatment for foreigners .  ukip leader accused of ' dangerous scaremongering ' but claims were overstated .  labour leader ed miliband branded comments ' disgusting ' and former england captain gary lineker wrote on twitter : ' always reluctant to offer a political view , but farage is a d * * * ! ' .
thomas brock , 30 , died when he was fatally shot at his home in pasadena , california .  police say he was involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death .  brothers steven rodriguez , 24 , and jacob rodriguez , 29 , charged with capital murder .
scientists quizzed 5 , 000 british teenagers about their drinking habits .  those who had watched the most alcohol scenes were 20 % more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 % binge drink .  lead author andrea waylen , from bristol university , said : ' we don ' t really get an accurate representation of what alcohol is like ' .
the letters had beamed from atop yankee stadium near grand concourse in the bronx since 1976 .  the current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .  sotheby ' s was auctioning off a new york mets bullpen car from the late 60s .
dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth ' s stratosphere for several years .  he says the organisms test positive for dna , and have masses that are ' six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height ' .  his views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community as being backed by poor and flimsy evidence .
no more than 44 per cent of hillary clinton ' s twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform .  at least 15 per cent  more than 544 , 000  are completely fake .
saige , five , has had enough of living with her mother for five years .  in the video titled , ' saige is mad and she ' s moving on ' .  her brother tanner - with whom she is ' mad ' - teases : ' what are you going to do at jenn ' s house ? ' .
manuel pellegrini ' s future will be decided come may when the dust on a creaking season has settled .  city have won the last four games between the sides .  city are set to finish in the top four regardless of louis van gaal .
alain robert climbed dubai ' s 1 , 007ft cayan tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk .  the 52 - year - old free - climber has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world .
mailonline travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist . once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane , the remaining steps are done automatically .  flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all .
dozens of workers at the compagnie mauricienne de textile went on strike last week about their pay , harsh treatment , food and concerns about a missing worker . 69 of the women have been deported to bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs .  whistles and the fawcett society defended the factory , claiming it conformed to ethical standards .
jonathan keats , an experimental philosopher and conceptual artist , hopes to capture 1 , 000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts .  the camera , which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , will create one image that keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment .  keats has also been involved in choreographing his own mind to give his ' intellectual property ' a 70 - year post - life extension .
more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday .  hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides .  the storm is expected to move up toward chicago in the next few days .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live - in carer .  mr clark , 96 , spent 50 , 000 on contributing to his care at home in london .  he is one of britain ' s oldest surviving prisoners of war and one of the few british soldiers to survive hitler ' s 1 , 000 - mile death march .  help for heroes have already raised 2 , 736 . 22 of the 5 , 000 needed .
on saturday , rosetta swooped to within just 8 . 6 miles ( 14 km ) of comet 67p ' s surface .  its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1 . 7 m / pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right .  in the same frame , details in the cliffs of hathor can be seen , leading up to the  head  of the comet  s small lobe .
avril lavigne , 30 , was diagnosed with lyme disease , which is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite .  she was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease .  she started visiting specialists , but no one could help her out .  ' i was up against a lot of doctors that told me i was crazy and that my problems didn ' t exist , ' she said .
michael owen said he didn ' t believe charlie adam ' s strike was worthy of goal of the season .  the 35 - year - old scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for liverpool , real madrid , newcastle , manchester united and stoke .  former liverpool team - mate steve mcmanaman was not far behind owen ' s outburst .
dozens of items from the entertainer ' s estate will go on sale in new york .  memorabilia includes his plaque commemorating the installation of the monkees ' star on hollywood boulevard , which could fetch up to $ 2 , 000 .  also includes a tambourine used by jones and his bandmates peter tork , micky dolenz and mike nesmith .
kei nishikori beat pablo andujar to win the barcelona open .  it was the ninth career title for the top - seeded japanese .  gerard pique and shakira were both in the stands as they beat espanyol .
harry kane and partner kate gooders arrived at grosvenor house on sunday .  liverpool captain steven gerrard and kolo toure turned up together .  manchester united goalkeeper david de gea was also nominated .
zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website called zlaaatan . com .  the website has an identical style to google , and operates just like the search engine .  any results from the search bar will add ' zlatani ' to the front - meaning he will forever be at the forefront of the news .
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike .  he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern .  but it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public .
twiggy , 65 , models her new summer range for m & s . has taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks .  says she doesn ' t want botulism in her body .
the findings are based on a study of about 95 , 000 young people .  all those in the study had older siblings .  some of the elder children had autism and some did not .  numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final .  cristiano ronaldo , karim benzema and luka modric were in training on monday .  the world player of the year pulled off a selection of back - heels and fancy flicks during monday ' s training session .  real are seven points clear of their rivals in the la liga table .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
mustafa kamal stepped down as icc president on wednesday .  kamal criticised the umpires in the quarter - final over a disputed no - ball against bangladesh batsman rohit sharma .  the icc asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the world cup trophy to the winning captain at the final .
nasa scientists in california have released new images of ceres .  they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21 , 000 miles ( 33 , 000km ) .  the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to ceres and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots .  dawn arrived on 6 march , the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet .
david cameron and boris johnson joined forces to question the legitimacy of the snp ' s plan to try to put ed miliband in downing street .  snp has declared it will never support the conservatives in a hung parliament .  it would be the first time since 1924 that a second - placed party had formed a government .
world leaders were joined by princes charles and harry on the royal navy ' s flagship hms bulwark in turkey ' s dardanelles straits .  historian stephen chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs , many taken by the troops themselves .
microcon 2015 was organized by kevin baugh , the president of the republic of molossia , who can be found in reno , nevada .  these self - proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money .  but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 .  the grand duchy of broslavia has realized the same limitations with its military .
manchester city may have big plans to revamp the team in the summer .  yaya toure has been a shadow of the player who fired manchester city to last season ' s title .  manuel pellegrini or director of football txiki begiristain are adept at identifying replacements .
yaakov naumi , 32 , grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel .  he admitted that some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider ,  look strange 
the todd family - a 36 - year - old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed by carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess anne home .  father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november .  the six - hour funeral service brought 1 , 200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday to pay their respect to the family .
alexander bradley appeared in bristol county superior court on wednesday for justice susan garsh to decide what he could testify to in front of a jury in the aaron hernandez murder trial .  bradley told the judge he was hernandez ' s former drug dealer and then his best friend .  the murder weapon in the case has not been recovered , but prosecutors have said it was a black glock pistol .
andreas lubitz appears to have researched suicide methods and cockpit door security before crashing his germanwings plane into the french alps , it emerged last night .  the 27 - year - old was prescribed an anti - anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set - top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of game of thrones on april 12 .  the service is available in the us for $ 14 . 99 ( 9 . 90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .  it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
tool works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed .  it appears to only work when you ' re signed into your google account on chrome .  the same google account must be signed into on the phone .  even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes .  google ' s latest tool can ' t lock the missing phone , or erase its data .
woman known only as goska has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onca pintada in brazil .  among them was one - year - old rescued jaguar , perseu , who was captured on video being bottle - fed by the polish volunteer .
spain lost 2 - 0 to holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday .  vicente del bosque ' s side host slovakia in the euro 2016 qualifier .  gerard pique says the national team ' s state of health is good .
greg dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs from eight to 12 .  former england managers warn the english game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from dyke and the fa ' s england commission .  only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round of matches were eligible for england selection - a fairly pitiful 36 . 8 per cent .
karim benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions for real madrid this season .  the real madrid forward posted a video of him singing along to tupac ' s classic track ' check out time ' .  benzema ' s real madrid face granada at the bernabeu on sunday .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
snp leader nicola sturgeon has been accused of savage violence .  the 44 - year - old has denied her sister ' s claims she used to shave heads .  her sister , gillian owens , said the politician was prone to hacking the hair of from dolls as a child .  part - time actress gillian owens said : ' she once cut the hair off my sindy doll , just for fun ' .
mick schumacher makes his debut in the adac formula 4 series this weekend .  the 16 - year - old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career .  his father is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in switzerland .
kell brook received a hero ' s ovation when he was introduced to the crowd .  dave chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points .  raymond van barneveld beat phil taylor 7 - 5 in the opening match .
aston villa beat tottenham 1 - 0 at white hart lane on saturday .  yannick bolasie scored three as crystal palace shoved sunderland closer to the drop zone .  hull city remain in danger following a 2 - 0 loss at southampton .
the snp demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds .  miss sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to  at least  160 a week .  parts of scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the uk .
lloyd byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with 26 - year - old leighann duffy .  he smashed his way into her flat in walthamstow , east london , on september 1 .  he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26 - and - a - half years .  judge nicholas cooke said he must have had a ' heart of stone ' to have killed ms duffy .
adrien broner was pictured with 50 cent in an instagram happy snap on saturday night .  the pair were watching the premier boxing champions primetime tv event featuring danny garcia swift and lamont peterson and irish andy lee against peter quillan .  broner , a huge admirer of floyd ' money ' mayweather , recently stirred up controversy when
one of the stunning watercolours , showing the moment dorothy , toto , the tinman , lion and scarecrow meet the wizard of oz for the first time .  the other , imagining the emerald city , capital of the land of oz and home to the wizard , sold for 25 , 000 .  each painting was tipped to fetch $ 9 , 000 at heritage auctions in california .
the defendants - including teachers , a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50 , 000 - student atlanta school system .  the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5 , 000 in bonuses .  the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy , superintendent beverly hall died of breast cancer over the course of the trial .
philippe coutinho opened the scoring for blackburn in the fa cup quarter - final replay at ewood park .  blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage - time corner .  liverpool celebrated a place in the semi - final after beating blackburn 1 - 0 .
elspeth mckendrick , 16 , was diagnosed with asperger ' s syndrome .  she was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with mild form of autism .  her parents said she was ' happy to be odd and eccentric ' but was ' very much in denial ' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody .
john frost and his team frequently detect drugs : socks impregnated with heroin , cannabis resin in shoes , soup cans or barrels of bitumen .  hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ' anyone who had trouble sitting down ' .  smugglers sometimes litter their luggage with hypodermic needles or razor blades .
the duchess of cambridge is extremely close to her 31 - year - old sister pippa .  pippa , 31 , recently returned to london after spending several days with boyfriend nico jackson in must . her role will echo the one she has played with prince george , who was described as being ' amazing ' by his besotted aunt .
lord neuberger said britain ' s privileged judges must be aware of their ' subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society .  he said judges should be ' sensitive ' to the fact they came from ' more privileged sector of society ' than many of those facing them .  rebekah dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face veil to let the jury see her face while testifying .
a saturday night live skit about a male student having sex with his female high school teacher painted the relationship as every teen boy ' s dream .  in u . s . schools last year , almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault , nearly a third of them women .  this year ' s numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in january compared to 19 cases the previous january .
napoli face napoli in the europa league quarter - final on thursday .  rafa benitez admits he tried to raid former club chelsea to sign andre schurrle before their move to wolfsburg in january .  the napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign ivan perisic and luiz gustavo .
manchester city have been limited to a net spend of 49million in the last two transfer windows .  manuel pellegrini has been hampered by uefa ' s financial fairplay regulations .  the club ' s overall wage bill will remain to its current level of 205million - a - year .  manchester united , barcelona , liverpool and arsenal have all paid more in transfer fees than city in the past 12 months .
phoebe jo chapman , 42 , turned herself in to the lowndes county sheriff  s office in valdosta , georgia on tuesday morning .  she has been charged with three counts of sexual assault .  police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys .
ed miliband will say labour ' s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first - time buyers  saving them up to 5 , 000 in tax .  labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance , higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard .
trucker caught on dashboard camera launching foul - mouthed tirade at another motorist after a crash along the m6 near birmingham .  eventually the car towing the caravan jackknifes , coming to rest across the front of the van , blocking the slip road .  the footage was posted on facebook and was viewed around 2million times in less than 48 hours before being removed .
aaron cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee .  the waikato chiefs fly - half has started 15 tests for the world champions in the last two years .  joe launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in wasps ' premiership clash with leicester on may 9 .
the chalke valley history festival attracts more than 30 , 000 visitors .  visitors will also be able to hear first - hand accounts from the last surviving british dambuster george  johnny  johnson , and battle of britain fighter pilot tom neil .  this year  s judges for the festival  s annual competition to find young writers who can bring history to life include birdsong author sebastian faulks , claire tomalin and best - selling novelist charlie higson .
ding jinhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue .  the chinese world no 3 realised what he had done and chuckled along with his first - round opponent mark davis .  ding would have pocketed 30 , 000 for a maximum break , which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the crucible .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
attorney general eric holder sent memo to doj employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes .  he said the department ' s prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal .  house oversight and government reform committee chairman jason chaffetz called the findings ' stunning ' .
logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex .  emergency services dashed to the pool on saturday afternoon .  despite paramedics performing cpr on logan , they were unable to save him .  spanish police have described the cause of death as an ' accidental drowning ' .
the ultimate bear safari tracks polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit bears in arctic canada , the arctic circle , alaska and british columbia .  guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary , taking them through africa , asia and the indian subcontinent to the polar regions .  each safari can be taken separately , but also as an epic world tour over 203 days , taking in 21 destinations .
gary mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find the leg had gone cold back in 2013 .  surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound .  the 53 - year - old was treated at king ' s college hospital in south east london .  he will not be able to play football again , leaving his dream of becoming
blake cronkhite , 5 , and jayden secrest , 3 , were riding a kid - size 50cc atv in rural placer county , california .  the 5 - year - old lost control of the vehicle and the atv plunged into a pond .  the children ' s father jumped into the pond and brought them ashore but could not revive them .
richie benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer .  australian prime minister tony abbott extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut ' s wife , daphne , which she declined .  mr abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in australia and around the world .
annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 .  but her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister ' .  she gave birth to her only child , freya , in 2008 when she was 57 .  sue tollefsen , from essex , said she never intended to leave parenthood so late .  she said : ' if she has thought about it , i don ' t sit in judgement of anyone else ' .
mary murphy , 66 , and john wood , 67 , died after falling down the stairs .  their bodies were found by paramedics on wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home in failsworth , greater manchester .
kathleen blomberg , a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave .  , is reunited with her two cats , kitty cordelia and sebastian .  the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out .  the aspca , fdny and nypd are still working to locate other missing animals at the explosion site .
tottenham will offer nabil bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from rival teams . clubs from across europe are known to be monitoring the algeria international ' s situation at white hart lane .  his current deal is likely to see his wages rocket to around 35 , 000 - per - week .
josiah duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17 - year - old marjorie jackson , who he met while the pair were taking spanish lessons together .  the teens ' courtship officially began on april 6 - the same day his older sister jill gave birth to her son israel david , her first child with her husband derick dillard .
tony tancock , 56 , has won accolades for his specially - bred cavies .  but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in crediton , devon , to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind .  he said : ' they took two tortoiseshells , two black and two brown , all short - haired guinea pigs also beloved family pets ' .
napoli lost 1 - 0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their coppa italia semi - final on wednesday .  the elimination came on top of a run of five serie a matches without a win .  boss rafael benitez has not matched the success of his first season .
yaya toure will be offered a five - year contract by inter milan in the summer .  the ivory coast midfielder will play beyond his 37th birthday .  roberto mancini is keen on bringing toure to the san siro .  the italian believes toure has the capacity to dominate games in his mid - 30s .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
three men , two women and four children detained at checkpoint in ogulpinar .  it is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 .  turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach is - controlled areas of syria and iraq .  more than a dozen britons , including three teenage schoolgirls , are believed to have joined isis since 2013 .
96 per cent of women chose the ' average ' option .  samantha says she thinks she ' s ' gorgeous ' .
sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now - charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday .  footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke - filled interiors .  at one point he ' s seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down .  the four - alarm fire at the rumson mansion , known as blithewald , has been ruled accidental , though the exact cause is yet to be identified .
the h5n2 bird flu virus has been found at a farm in northwest iowa ' s osceola county - prompting a massive bird cull .  the risk to the public is considered low and infected birds are being kept out of the food supply .  minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit , far more than any other state .
duchess of cambridge ' s younger sister said she ate whale carpaccio .  the 31 - year - old boasted of tucking into the delicacy in norway .  she said the dinner was cooked by knut , the hotel ' s owner .  campaigners have long called for a crackdown , arguing the hunting process is ' unimaginably cruel and inhumane ' .  last year it killed around 730 minke whales , the highest number since it broke the moratorium on commercial whaling in 1993 .
men aged 65 and over are around ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma than those of the same age were in the mid - 1970s .  older women are about five times .  more .  likely to develop this disease than someone of the .  same age .  getting sunburnt once every two years can triple a person  s risk of developing the disease .  in 1975 just 7 . 9 per 100 , 000 people aged over 65 are diagnosed with skin cancer every year .
caroline wozniacki signed off her first on court interview by saying : ' see you at roland garros ' .  the former world no 1 made her french open debut as a 17 - year - old in 2007 .  the dane star is hoping to go further than the us open final twice .
preston wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , sarah owen , 21 , with a knife , then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman , oklahoma .  eyewitnesses said owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when an argument broke out .  officers found a grisly scene at about 3 : 45 p . m . sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house .
lionel messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 .  the four - time ballon d ' or winner says he ' didn ' t feel right ' .  messi ' s personal goal tally ' s at 45 from 45 games ahead of psg on wednesday .  barca face psg in the first leg of their champions league quarter final .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
new nhs guidelines urge gps to draw up end - of - life plans for over - 75s .  they are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates .  medical professionals say it is ' blatantly wrong ' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being ' written off ' .
christianne boudreau of calgary , canada thought her son damien clairmont was going to egypt to study arabic in 2013 .  but canadian authorities later told the mother that damien had become more extreme in his islamic ideology before he left canada .  she is now working to stop the extremist group from taking advantage of more vulnerable young men and women in north america .
jordan spieth held his nerve in sunday ' s final round to keep control of the season ' s first major championship , matching tiger woods ' record of an 18 - under 270 .  the 21 - year - old is the first start - to - finish winner at augusta in 39 years .  the texan said that despite never giving up the lead , he was still a bag of nerves as he looked to hold off the attentions of two major champions .
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club .  the ibrox legend worked closely with the club and coach kenny mcdowall before the duo assumed the reins at rangers .  smith blames boardroom turmoil under craig whyte , charles green and the mike ashley - easdale brothers axis for contributing towards an unmanageable situation .
geraldine schultz , 67 , died when a tornado struck her home in fairdale , illinois , last week .  her husband , clem schultz , 84 , found the image in the wake of the powerful storm , which also killed another woman in her 60s .
leroy fer is set to be rushed back from a knee injury .  the dutch midfielder has not appeared since he damaged medial ligaments in february .  qpr boss chris ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on fer in bid to beat relegation .
kim , 34 , shared her beauty essentials on instagram and instagram .  protects her skin with a 65 ( $ 96 ) creme de la mer spf 30 uv protecting fluid .  uses a nars face wash and black clarisonic mia sonic skin cleansing system .  kim then loves to spritz her face with a 12 ( $ 18 ) rose water mist from glossier .
james tingley , 70 , was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period .  his crimes span a period of 50 years .  during tingley ' s hearing , assistant prosecutor jennifer walker told the court that police know of at least five other girls willy abused but they believe there may be more .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action .  footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises .  when her back is rubbed , she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds .
alessandra ambrosio was seen partying at the coachella festival in california on sunday but was suffering ' constant headaches ' .  she is currently being monitored at ucla hospital in westwood , los angeles .
experts believe the rapa nui people placed distinctive ' hats ' on top of some of the figures  heads , more than 700 years ago .  this is despite the largest pukaos measuring six - and - a - half feet ( two metres ) in diameter and weighing 12 tonnes ( 1 , 890 stone ) all have overly - large heads and are thought to be living faces of deified ancestors .
dashcam footage shows arizona officer mario valencia walking along a street in marana , arizona , carrying what appears to be a rifle .  he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out .  seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect ' s body .  valencia was rushed to university of arizona medical center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on february 19 .  police across america remain under scrutiny for allegedly racially profiling african - american suspects .
ronald koeman has praised mauricio pochettino ' s work at st mary ' s . the former argentina defender ended a 16 - month stint on a five - year deal at white hart lane .  koeman had to cope with several player sales , including luke shaw to manchester united .
ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16 - year - old girl who was outside a toys r us store .  he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was him .  the incident is the latest people people dressed up as costumed characters in times square amid claims of sexual harassment and disorder .
julia ware , who was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at wayne county court in honesdale , pennslyvania , on wednesday .  she accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury .  her father , michael ware , is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter , endangering the welfare of children and other charges .
john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world ' s best players .  chelsea beat stoke 2 - 1 in the premier league on saturday .  diego costa looks set to miss at least two premier league games .
django greenblatt - seay , 33 , made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus , which he is selling for $ 3 , 000 .  he used his drone , a dji inspire 1 model , to capture the cinematic effect before zooming in on the car ' s tires , headlights , dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial .
england lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly - half jules plisson at twickenham last month .  the england lock has been derided as a thug across the channel .  the 26 - year - old said he was ' only bothered about what people think of me ' .  lawes arrived in france with the saints , ahead of the champions cup quarter - final against clermont auvergne .
gwyneth paltrow is well - known for her saintly approach to food and exercise .  at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age .  a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever .
gareth bale returns to real madrid on the back of a vital double against israel .  the welshman scored his 20th and 16th goals in all competitions .  bale joined cristiano ronaldo and co for their second day back at the nou camp .
moussa sissoko was sent off for two bookings during newcastle ' s 2 - 0 defeat at anfield on monday night .  the 25 - year - old could have seen a straight red after he caught lucas on the ankle .  newcastle manager john carver labelled the midfielder ' s tackle as ' indefensible ' .  carver was angry that ayoze perez did not earn a penalty after apparently being felled by dejan lovren .
new jersey ' s largest teacher ' s union is calling him a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher at a town hall meeting .  kathy mooney , a high school english teacher from roselle park , questioned christie ' s motivations behind a $ 225million legal settlement with oil company exxonmobil .  mooney described christie as ' favoring the affluent ' and ' kicking state workers under the bus ' .
called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner ' s musical interests and listening history .  these selections become more relevant the more relevant app is used .  once installed the app uses the phone ' s accelerometer to track the user ' s stride , it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching beats per minute .
anthropologists studying the remains of a woman nicknamed the red lady of el miron have found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth .  the remains are thought to belong to a 35 - 40 - year - old woman who was buried around 18 , 700 years ago .  radiocarbon dating suggests she was aged between 35 and 40 when she was entombed .
jordan henderson is set to sign a new long - term contract at anfield .  liverpool vice - captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract .  henderson ' s new deal is worth around 100 , 000 - a - week .  the 24 - year - old could replace steven gerrard as liverpool captain .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
patrick and valerie jubb are attempting to sell the four - bedroom property .  the jubbs purchased the bed and breakfast in jimena de la frontera in 2008 .  but the town hall ruled that the alterations , including a swimming pool , were illegal .  the retired couple are planning to move back to the uk , but said their money is tied up in the property .
chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle in argeles - sur - mer on france ' s mediterranean coast . the family made several trips to the beach with their children , toddler joe and five - year - old anna .  the greenwood family made their way to their home in a tired and tetchy state .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 at old trafford on saturday .  louis van gaal is close to delivering his first - season aim of the season .  but he wants to return to the champions league in three years .  united are eight points ahead of fifth - placed liverpool in the table .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
kim jong - un has ordered the recreation of the famous ' pleasure troupe ' .  the tradition was established by the dictator ' s grandfather kim il - sung .  he still holds the title of eternal president despite dying in 2011 .
vanessa santillan ' s body was found in a 400 , 000 flat in fulham , south west london .  the 33 - year - old mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck .  police are appealing to anyone who had contact with her in the hours before her death .
the bride - to - be was spotted cheering on her fiance andy murray .  the 27 - year - old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat .  kim opted for one of her go - to brands , whistles for the v - neck , which comes in at 110 .
the champions of england were smashed into submission at the stade marcel - michelin .  noa nakaitaci scored two tries before half - time and nick abendanon scored a break - away try from 90 metres out .  brock james kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal - kicking .
the al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk - based architecture firms ramboll and pattern .  fans will sit in a comfortable 24 - 28 degrees celsius , while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled .  after the world cup its capacity will be almost halved to 21 , 000 seats , with the removable upper tier sent to developing nations .
nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move to manchester united .  southampton boss ronald koeman admits it will be difficult to keep hold of the right back this summer .  clyne is out of contract at the end of the season .
jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china .  her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food .  when zheng returned , her daughter was nowhere to be seen .
radamel falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first - team place at manchester united this season .  the colombian striker has admitted to being upset by his lack of game time at old trafford but wants to stay in england .  he scored a penalty against kuwait on monday , his third goal for his country in two games .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , and his 15 - year - old brother marc , 15 , were arrested in miami on march 30 after a drugs raid went wrong .  marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first . the boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community .  marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder .
jay dasilva , the eldest of the three children , left luton town ' s academy to make the 100 - mile round trip , three or fours times a week .  jose mourinho will promote one of chelsea ' s youngsters next season .  ruben loftus - cheek , a powerful , muscular presence in chelsea  s development teams , will be with the first - team squad at the start of pre - season .
lewis hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his second win in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the formula one world championship .  rosberg was furious with his team - mate , accusing him of compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from ferrari ' s sebastian vettel .
richard henyekane died in a car crash in bethlehem on tuesday .  he was on loan at free state stars from pretoria - based mamelodi sundowns .  the 31 - year - old was the only person to die in the crash .  south africa has a poor road safety record .
american apparel debuted a new ' pro - women ' ad featuring its female staffers from the company last month .  the ad has the words ' hello ladies ' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of vice .  according to the ad , 55per cent of american apparel ' s staffers are women .  the company ' s founder and former ceo dov charney was ousted in december following a string of sexual harassment lawsuits .
the city of naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government decided to move the capital from yangon .  the super - sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government suvs .  despite a reported population of 924 , 000 , the city ' s streets are barren and it ' s rare to see more than a couple of people .
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months .  one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call .  it is suspected british airways pilot richard westgate , who died in 2012 , had aerotoxic syndrome .
robert bates , 73 , has been charged with second - degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of eric harris , 44 , on april 2 .  he has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot him .  he was released after posting a $ 25 , 000 bond on the today show .
wasps are set to appeal the three - week ban issued to nathan hughes .  the incident left northampton wing george north unconscious .  hughes ' knee collided with north ' s head as he crossed the line .
britain ' s got talent judge to host new series on itv .  will highlight plight of animals arriving at rspca  s newbrook farm animal centre in birmingham .  amanda holden and loose women ' s coleen nolan will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals .
saracens host clermont auvergne on saturday at stade geoffroy - guichard .  england centre brad barritt will captain mark mccall ' s side .  owen farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench .
the iconic franchise ' s twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film , rogue one # rogueone ' .  following the release of the trailer to star wars vii , disney ' s share price rocketed with more than $ us2 billion added to the company ' s value .
aaron stringer , of bakersfield , california , allegedly pulled on the toes of ramiro james villegas , a 22 - year - old whom officers killed the same day .  stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the accusations in november .
delta said ' a small number of customers ' on flight 271 from paris to newark airport complained of nausea and possible minor injuries .  one passenger said that the turbulence felt like ' king kong picking up the plane and shaking it like there was no tomorrow ' .
wolves move into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory .  david edwards headed home two minutes from the end of the game .  benik afobe scored his side ' s third goal of the afternoon .
the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect ' s grasp .  wrapped its legs around a minute branch , the ant holds itself by just one leg and lifts it into the air .
andrew o ' clee , 36 , wed michelle agbulos , and later tied the knot again .  but michelle , 39 , uncovered the deception when she came across footage .  she uncovered footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge .  he had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in a fraud case .  former soldier was jailed for eight months at chichester crown court .
adam crapser , 39 , of salem , oregon , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2 .  the father - of - three , who has a fourth child on the way , arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister .  however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive .
chris brugger must pay for a new drug treatment for his hodgkin ' s lymphoma treatment , brentuximab vedotin , on the pbs .  the 35 - year - old father - of - two ' s ' my name is chris ' was launched in mid - january following confirmation of chris ' s relapsed in december .  his family are hoping the new treatment will mean there are happier times ahead .
rangers beat raith rovers 4 - 0 in their championship clash .  nicky law and haris vuckic scored for the ibrox side .  stuart mccall has warned rangers to be on their guard against livingston .
sam allardyce believes manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football .  the west ham boss believes the pressure of going for back - to - back premier league titles have made the chilean ' s job the hardest in world football .  city spent a combined 44m on porto pair eliaquim mangala and fernando last summer .
raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe in a picture published in the sunday mirror .  the 20 - year - old recently snubbed a 100 , 000 - a - week contract at anfield .  it is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes .  sterling is not the first england international to be caught indulging himself in the increasingly popular fad .
derby celebrated an emphatic victory over blackpool that kept their promotion push going .  craig bryson scored the opening goal of the game as early as the hour mark .  blackpool chairman karl oyston was unable to field top scorer chris martin because of a niggling hamstring injury .
the 29 - year - old american tourist drove into oncoming traffic in thailand .  she was chased by police for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car .  officers broke the front passenger window to arrest her when she refused to open the door .  the blonde woman was then bundled into a police car to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage .
james ward - prowse scored the winner in england under 21s ' 3 - 2 victory over germany on monday night .  the 20 - year - old admits not being able to sleep for the first time .  he says he was ' lying down but i just couldn ' t shut my eyes ' .
suzanne evans said she would step in as party leader if nigel farage quits .  ukip leader is suffering from recurring spinal injury and is on medication .  she also pledged to be ' gone within 10 minutes ' if he fails to win .
rochelle coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity .  the 21 - year - old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ' boredom ' .  she has not worked for five years because she would be a ' danger ' in workplace .  taxpayers ' alliance warns people should ' get themselves in shape ' to work .
jesus salas aguayo , a former gun for hire and jarez cartel boss , was arrested on friday by mexican police .  he is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics , homicide and arms trafficking .  he was known for his brutal murders of rivals in ciudad juarez .  in 2008 the sinaloa cartel declared war on the juarez cartel as it sought to take control of ciudad juarez , a city of 1 . 5 million people .
christian benteke has scored seven goals in his last five villa games .  the 24 - year - old has been linked with a move away from wolfsburg .  benteke ' s contract is worth 50 , 000 per week and could cost 35 , 000 a week .  wolfsburg have kept tabs on benteke since before he ruptured his achilles 12 months ago .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
raheem sterling admits he is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool .  the 20 - year - old has been offered a 100 , 000 - a - week deal to stay on merseyside .  sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money - grabber .
west ham are showing interest in crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur .  the 27 - year - old has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances this season .  west ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances .
fight broke out on oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane wasn ' t full .  however , a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out .  after landing , one man was taken away for questioning by police .
former state district judge g . todd baugh of billings was chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association .  he sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14 - year - old cherice moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher .  baugh sentenced former teacher stacey rambold to just one month in prison in the case .  at rambold ' s sentencing , baugh said moralez was ' as much in control of
in men the ring finger is likely to be longer than the index finger .  in women the two fingers are typically the same length .  women , on the other hand , are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs .
asia siddiqui , 31 , was arrested in queens , ny , on thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack with her former roommate noelle velentzas .  khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen .  he published a poem in a publication which was the precursor for inspire .  khan was so chummy with khan that he published one of her poems in the precursor to inspire , a publication called jihad recollections .
aaron ramsey fired arsenal into a 1 - 0 lead in the 12th minute in front of a disappointing burnley crowd .  arsene wenger ' s side fly out of the traps after a 3 - 0 defeat at stoke in the premier league at turf moor .  ramsey ' s goal was the best run since the invincibles team managed it in 2004 .
threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan ' s malpensa airport received .  tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320 .  the threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane ' s departure , prompting police to set the necessary measures in motion .  a total of 132 people were aboard the plane , including 126 passengers and six crew members .
thomas buckett , 21 , fell 15ft on to a concrete floor at clayton hall business and language college in stoke - on - trent in may 2010 .  friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight and sustained life - changing head injuries as a result .  police officer who investigated the break - in wrote an email of support to the council stating that he made the family aware ' this incident was the fault of thomas and his friends messing around ' .
the ebay listing , posted friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez , 25 , and identifying information about his height , weight and birth date .  hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancee ' s sister .  the starting price for the card was $ 500 , though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on saturday .
spain lost 5 - 1 to holland at amsterdam arena on tuesday night .  stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored for the hosts .  vicente del bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre .
the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be .  a number of flavors were labeled ' healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium .  upon closer inspection , it was found that ' none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims ' and were in fact ' misbranded ' .
keonna thomas , 30 , was arrested at her home in philadelphia friday as she tried to join isis .  authorities said she communicated with an islamic state group fighter in syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation .  ' i can make that wish come true , ' the fighter reportedly replied .  she appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black , with just her eyes showing , and will remain in custody until her next appearance on april 8 .
tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers after an appeal by the exams watchdog .  one in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework , dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy .  details of the unethical techniques emerged at a teacher ethics in assessment symposium at oxford university .
viv nicholson , 79 , became rich overnight when she scooped 152 , 319 in 1961 .  the pair splurged cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying .  however , tragedy struck when mr nicholson died at the wheel of his jaguar in 1965 .  she managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network in portadown , county armagh .  footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .  however , the group ' s initial analysis of its trajectory suggests that it may well have fallen into the sea .
marble - sized hailstones , up to 2cm in diameter , pounded multiple suburbs in the city ' s east and west on anzac day .  saturday ' s storm was the result of an east coast low , which is also known as an extratropical cyclone .  blackheath residents in the blue mountains , about 100km west of sydney , were damaged by the storm .
joshua vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown , sheffield .  his girlfriend sent his mother a message on facebook saying ' he was going to end it ' .  inquest heard he had been suffering relationship problems with his girlfriend .
prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday .  despite the clash , the duke plans to do ' everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns at the cenotaph on april 25 .  leading obstetrician guy thorpe - beeston will be in charge of the birth .
maitland local karen newton performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights .  when she got to the water ' s edge at testers hollow , ms newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call once again .  five stranded residents had come out to pay their respects to the fallen anzacs in their own unplanned service .  cassandra winter said that ms newton ' s act is what anzac day is all about .
turia pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in september 2011 .  the burns survivor said she still struggles to overcome her ordeal .  the 27 - year - old also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january .  swett suffered two broken arms , a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma .  bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder , assault and vehicle theft .
hundreds of the barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of devon and cornwall .  the jellyfish , which can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb , were sighted just off pendennis point near falmouth , cornwall .  experts say their stings are not powerful enough to do any serious harm .
thierry henry posted 84 - minute video of michael laudrup ' s passing .  former arsenal striker said he owed everything to his team - mate cristiano ronaldo .  henry was quick to criticise hernandez celebrating ' like he ' d won the world cup ' .
82 per cent of 3 , 500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union  s survey last year .
london has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across the uk .  nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each , with manchester city council the worst offender for its size .  johnathan isaby , chief executive of the tax payers  alliance , called the number of communications staff ' blatant hypocrisy ' .
group of female fans have posted tweets of affection for the labour leader .  @ twcuddleston , an as levels student by the name of abby , appears to be a genuine labour supporter .  the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election .
gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa ' s 1st district .  the 57 - year - old iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment .
married father - of - one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club .  footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs , which is against the venue ' s policy .  manager jay shah said he was ' very drunk ' and bouncers threatened to throw him out several times .
of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel , 59 of them were children .  their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in europe .  on this occasion they were lucky it didn ' t end in tragedy .
justine miliband met labour leader at a dinner party in doncaster .  she thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' , she said .  but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was already in a relationship with their ' mutual friend ' stephanie flanders .  she said : ' canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with ed ' .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat .  the 48 - year - old was an outspoken critic of the assad regime .  police are appealing to anyone who may have seen mr arwani or his car .  he has been described as ' the most peaceful man you could wish to meet ' .
dash cam footage shows marana police officer michael rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect mario valencia .  video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct .
arsenal have 15 wins from 17 games since their loss new year ' s day .  arsene wenger ' s side are currently 13 points behind leaders chelsea .  the gunners are clear favourites to win the fa cup again .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
former pm says he is ' absolutely not ' in ' the league of the super - rich ' .  says he has ' done british ' and is now more interested in working at ' global level ' .  he spoke about his multi - million pound earnings in an interview with newsweek magazine .  mr blair earns millions from his consultancy roles and charges fees of 250 , 000 .
jet set candy ' s marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil or sterling silver for $ 198 and $ 148 , respectively .  the charm has a double - sided wheel of fortune - style spinner , allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin .
misty machinshok , 33 , has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse .  she ' coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive , and held her daughter ' s hand ' the first few times ' .  her husband , gary , 29 , has admitted raping the girl ' every few days ' .  he also admitted to sexually assaulting her 11 - year - old sister but struck a plea deal which means he cannot be charged for it .
hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family , suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in mosul , iraq , where hundreds of women were lined up and handcuffed .  she told cnn ' s arwa damon : ' the youngest with us was just 10 .  we were all crying .  they said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family ' .
tugce taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in istanbul and hit another car coming the other way .  witnesses said it was a ' miracle ' that friend adem kilic , 31 , who is in a critical condition in hospital , survived the horror crash .  the lamborghini appears to be covered in foam - thought to have been used to extinguish the fire .
luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , burst into shop in cleveleys last year .  they pulled out a ' realistic looking ' handgun and began waving it in family ' s faces .  munro and thompson threw sweets at them before fleeing empty handed .  munro was jailed for five years and four months at preston crown court .  police said the attack was ' extremely distressing ' for the family , who had been ' left in fear of their lives ' during the raid .
dr arfon williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices .  his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is functioning with a skeleton service .  health bosses responsible for north wales said difficulties recruiting gps is a national issue , adding they are exploring a number of options .
george boyd is the barclays premier league ' s hardest working player .  he has run the distance between burnley ' s turf moor ground and crystal palace ' s selhurst park .  tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen is second in the list . liverpool stand - in captain jordan henderson is also in the top 10 .
jia huaijin , 33 , now hand - makes swords in rural china .  he uses the 2 , 000 - year - old technique to make the traditional knife .
australian pm tony abbott said the eu should ' urgently ' follow his lead .  he said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives .  mr abbott won power in 2013 on a ' stop the boats ' pledge .  not a single one has breached his ring of steel in 18 months .
james tavernier opened the scoring for bristol city in the first half .  joe bryan , luke ayling , aden flint and aaron wilbraham scored .  bristol city became the first side in the football league to win promotion this season .
a series of pictures by german artist jorg dusterwald show body - painted models camouflaged in woodland .  the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is .  jorg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years and uses his skills in tv adverts .
hannah bluck , 18 , from porthcawl , south wales , has had her career halted by a dead shin bone .  she was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia .  the condition can lead to the eventual collapse of the bone .  doctors have been baffled by the condition , which has never been seen before .
' child 44 ' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in stalin era .  it is based on a novel by british writer tom hardy smith and was due to premiere today .  russia ' s culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over nazi germany .  culture minister vladimir medinsky condemned the film for its depiction of the horrors of the stalin regime .
rosa camfield , 101 , was born in june of 1913 and died on monday .  her granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother ' s life from tumultuous youth in the depression era , to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage .  since this picture appeared on the popular facebook page life of dad , she received over 2 . 5 million likes and nearly 78 , 000 shares .
man called alex posted video on his ipad a series of questions about gay marriage , where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the uk .  he gets the response : ' i believe this emotion should be considered negative ' .  apple has said the responses were down to a ' bug ' which it has now fixed .
the lamb named winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck .  walking around to the front of the lamb , the duck begins to peck away at the lamb ' s face and neck .  the lamb  s owner said : ' what could be mistaken as pecking is actually a heartwarming sign of trust and friendship ' .
george north suffered a third confirmed concussion in four months against wasps .  the wales and lions wing will be reassessed at the end of april .  north could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action .
foreign minister julie bishop was in perth over the easter holidays to meet wives and partners of sas members .  the 58 - year - old added a pop of colour to her nails by painting them an eye - catching cerise pink .  ms bishop is famously a huge fan of the malaysian shoe designer ' s pieces .  she also wears perth designer isabel aujoule , who is currently in australia to host his first ever australian masterclass .
a trend in japan has seen young women tying a blue ribbon under their breasts for a better cleavage .  the ribbon is tied under the breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised .  the trend is inspired by the anime character hestia from is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon .
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982on .  prime minister portia simpson miller told president obama the citizens of her country loved him , and she loved him as well .  ' i just want to say to you , you might not know , but you are very loved in this country , ' prime ministerster simpson miller said .  ' may the deep and abiding friendships between our nations continue for generations to come , ' obama said .
yaya toure ' s agent has called manuel pellegrini a ' weak manager ' .  dimitri seluk has criticised the club ' s chief executive ferran soriano and director of football txiki begiristain .  city go from title contenders to finish in the top four .
cheteshwar pujara has joined yorkshire on a deal until the end of may .  the india international was set to be yorkshire ' s overseas signing for 2015 .  younus is now looking to be part of pakistan ' s potential touring party to bangladesh .  the 27 - year - old will turn out for yorkshire until australian aaron finch is free of indian premier league commitments with mumbai indians .
victor albert prout developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river thames .  despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images are instantly recognisable today .  prout ' s collection is the oldest documented record of britain ' s best known landmarks , such as richmond castle .  the pictures are to be sold as a collection at the oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around 30 , 000 .
charlie adam struck a stunning goal from his own half against chelsea .  thibaut courtois was also on the scoresheet for manchester united .  xabi alonso achieved the feat twice in 2006 while with liverpool .
jonjo o ' neill hopes jockey ap mccoy rides shutthefrontdoor to grand national .  ap mccoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys ' championship and retire .  this year ' s grand national will be mccoy ' s last - ever at aintree before his retirement at the end of the season .
the 41 - year - old was in the league ' s officiating development program in 2013 - 14 and worked some team minicamps last year .  she was the first female official on the fbs level and the first to officiate a bowl game , the 2009 little caesars pizza bowl in detroit .
alexander pacteau , 21 , charged with murder of karen buckley .  he is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice .  miss buckley ' s disappearance sparked a huge police search earlier this week .  her body was found by police at a farm six miles north of the city .
stevan jovetic is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances .  inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent 15million deal .  the 25 - year - old has started just 11 premier league games so far this season .
the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12 . 30pm .  an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors .  passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon .
milos raonic and nick kyrgios will make their debuts at the aegon championships .  the duo will join nadal , andy murray , stan wawrinka , marin cilic and defending champion grigor dimitrov at queen ' s club .
ecuador ' s leader rafael correa posed for a picture next to a boy wearing an ' i ' m with stupid ' t - shirt .  the 52 - year - old is said to be able to speak fluent english - but failed to pick up the meaning of the t - shirts .  the picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country .  it is now trending with the hashtag # iamwithstupidmashi .
rangers slumped to a 3 - 0 defeat at queen of the south on thursday night .  kenny miller fears the ibrox side ' s promotion bid could be derailed .  the light blues now have five games left to leapfrog hibs and spare themselves the effort of playing two extra ties in the play - offs .
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid ' s training ground on wednesday morning .  it came almost a month after the world ' s most expensive footballer ' s white bentley was attacked by fans at the valdebebas base .  bale has become a scapegoat for the club and was slaughtered by spanish media after his one - on - one miss .
calfornia gov .  jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday .  the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight .  state reservoirs have a year ' s worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there won ' t be much to replenish them .  wells in some parts of the state are going dry as water levels fall .
fantasy cafe in hangzhou is one of the first establishments in china to charge an ' air - purifying fee ' on top of normal bills .  a label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge which costs 11p per person .  customers say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthier air while enjoying coffee and meals .
princess beatrice , 26 , was joined by boyfriend dave clark , 31 , at shoreditch house .  she looked glamorous in her knee - length black leather dress .  joseph a - line dress currently sold out .
bikram choudhury , 69 , has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students by six separate women .  he has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries .  he pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105f .
paul armstrong , 26 , flew to cyprus to celebrate his new job as an it project manager .  after a spending spree he was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage .  armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it .  he was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with 2 , 000 costs .
los angeles - based hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic arrows , plus the a and b buttons from the nintendo game boy to an iphone .  it was originally devised as part of an april fool ' s joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version .  it will feature an eight - way d - pad , two action buttons , a start and select button and a battery that can be charged through the phone .
keith curle is one of only four former england players to currently manage in the football league .  the 51 - year - old defender has spent most of the past 13 years in places where tv rights do not sell for billions .  curle claims to have caught the management bug after playing for wolves under colin lee and john ward .
list price of bentleys ranges from 136 , 250 to 224 , 700 .  thousands of cars aged three to eight were assessed on their failure rate , age , mileage and cost of repairs .
ayden and jess will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos .  darren and dea pocketed just $ 10 , 000 for months of hard work and time away from their family .  contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100 , 000 bonus .  hockingstuart agent mark konishi will be selling josh and charlotte ' s apartment at 1 / 27 darling street .
oscar - winning actor , 63 , hanged himself in august 2014 , a day before his death .  pathologist dr richard shepherd says he knew ' there was something else wrong with him ' .  he says online activity in hours before death suggested he had another illness .  williams stuffed watches into sock and took it to friend for safekeeping .  autopsy will reconstruct final hours of actor ' s life , pathologist says .  mrs schneider williams is in battle with his three children over 33million estate .
jaysh al - islam - or army of islam - reportedly command 25 , 000 loyal fighters .  dozens of special units show off range of skills including close - range combat .  group claims ' largest military parade witnessed ' since dawn of syrian revolution .
paul simon topped the uk album chart for the first time in 25 years .  the 73 - year - old rose to fame as one half of simon and garfunkel .  his latest release , the ultimate collection , beat albums from ed sheeran and sam smith .
james corden tweeted a picture alongside odell beckham jnr on thursday .  the duo were pictured in america with the 36 - year - old .  corden is currently filming late - night talk show late late in the states .
rhiannon langley , from melbourne , has 189 , 000 followers on instagram .  the 24 - year - old hairdresser has an almost 200 , 000 - strong following .  she is currently in a bangkok hotel recovering at a hotel post - surgery .
villagers in ansai , shaanxi province , dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water .  but when the water surfaced the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire .  locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well , and blame a leak from a local petrol station .  however , when chinese officials investigated , they could find no trace of a spillage , leading some people to theorise that the villagers could have struck oil .
zookeeper elad hershkowitz , of the zoological center in tel aviv , filmed animals drinking on a gopro camera .  he placed the camera in the animals ' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours .  the 26 - year - old then cut the final footage down to four minutes .
the ohio woman and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks .  they learned that their unborn daughter had triploidy , a chromosomal defect that is ' incompatible with life outside the womb ' .  the fetus was so small that it could have died in the womb without the woman knowing , which could have resulted in an infection .
vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by the nursing and midwifery council after failing to turn up at the hearing .  she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke , 45 , at a rehabilitation unit at sevenoaks hospital in kent .  the father - of - three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in may 2012 .  it left him paralysed on his life side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate .
vladmir lenin may have been dead for 90 years , but his corpse looks better than the day he passed .  his embalmers have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary ' s body .  they brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine - tuning , creating a science that has benefited real - world medical applications .
mary day fraudulently claimed 16 , 500 of income support and disability allowance .  despite having 27 , 000 of her savings , she was overpaid benefits for four years .  she was caught following an anonymous tip - off to benefits officers .  day has now pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify .
arsene wenger accepted his side were ' a bit lucky ' to beat reading .  a fumble from reading goalkeeper adam federici handed the gunners a 2 - 1 extra - time victory and a place in the fa cup final .  reading drew level on 54 minutes when garath mccleary ' s volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond .  announcers couldn ' t help but chuckle at the course - crasher ' s escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
french coach was forced to perform u - turn on a river slipway in dartmouth .  eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move and the bus would shu into the estuary .  the driver was turned back after trying to take a ferry to the river dart .
rhodri giggs was found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance .  the 37 - year - old was banned from driving for six months , fined 110 and ordered to pay a 20 victim surcharge and 85 costs .  in january , giggs spoke for the first time about his brother ryan ' s eight - year affair with his then - wife natasha .
photographs taken in mosul , iraq , show four men being interviewed by terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions .  all of the men wear their beards without moustaches in a style associated with islamist beliefs and their military - style clothing suggests the victims may well have been fighters themselves .  yesterday u . s . - led forces targeted isis with eight airstrikes in iraq and syria .
mohammed dahbi discriminated against actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer after ordering them to ' keep that behavior for the bedroom ' .  he warned that if they ignored his request , he would throw them out .  also called them ' b * * * ' and ' whores ' after they refused to pay the fare and walked away .
former florida state university student erica kinsman has filed a civil lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston .  winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 .  the hearing was held to determine whether winston violated four sections of the code of conduct - two for sexual misconduct and two for endangerment .  winston could be selected as the first overall pick .
maxine fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride .  the 22 - year - old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride .  she told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home .  she called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at swedish covenant hospital .
the victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named kayla in texas .  the women had a chance to confront the woman , named kayla , on an episode of dr phil that aired on friday .  kayla apologized to the women , saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it ' s ' difficult ' to be both gay and mormon .
john mccallum , 27 , was sentenced to 20 - 45 years ' in jail this week .  he broadsided francesca weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police following a botched burglary in redford , detroit .  mrs weatherhead had only married her college sweetheart matthew weatherhead in june but she was killed only months later .
jamal al - labani was an oakland gas station owner , his cousin said .  he was visiting his pregnant wife and the couple ' s two - and - a - half - year - old daughter .  he couldn ' t because the us has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports .  rebels from the houthi islamist group have been battling to take aden , a last foothold of fighters loyal to saudi - backed president abd - rabbu mansour hadi .
the two parties will only be separated by 0 . 1 % , according to the daily telegraph survey .  david cameron and tories at 31 . 8 % of the vote , with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind , with 31 . 7 % .  more people trust the conservatives to deal with the ' cost of living ' .
cristiano ronaldo was booked for diving in real madrid ' s 2 - 0 win against rayo vallecano on wednesday .  the portuguese was booked after being brought down by rayo defender antonio amaya .  ronaldo is now free to start for real madrid against eibar on saturday .
the nine - week - old puppy was given to three - year - old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet .  lt .  dan was the only one out of nine puppies who was born without a paw and had to have her feet amputated .  fellow breeders suggested he be placed in a home with a wounded veteran or special needs child .
methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in puerto rico , the u . s . environmental protection agency said .  the epa banned the chemical for residential use in 1984 , primarily for health concerns .  steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of st . john .  sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized due to being hospitalized .
hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases .  australian college of environmental studies nicole bijlsma said an investigation into products could produce similar results .  a set of children ' s jewellery , floor mats , kitchen utensils and silly straws were found to have high levels of bromine , chlorine and lead .
labour received 1 . 9million in the week to april 5 , figures reveal .  it included a 1million cheque from unite , entrenching labour ' s reliance on len mccluskey .  critics have accused labour of being bound by its union paymasters .
of the 2 , 071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member .  more than one in 10 british families now live in  blended  families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
aaron cook applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici .  the 24 - year - old has already received his passport from the small eastern european state .  british olympic chief bill sweeney insists the association worked ' really hard ' to keep cook on board .
green party leader natalie bennett said it is ' ok for other adults but not for me ' .  education secretary nicky morgan answered : ' a bit too risky , thank you very much ! ' .
there were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew on board asiana airlines flight oz162 .  japanese media are reporting that the plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on the runway .  local television footage appeared to show evidence of a hard landing and no sign of the landing gear .
the robots were created by british artist giles walker for a show called ' peepshow ' .  they were made out of old car parts and were controlled by a computer .  the robots , which cost around 2 , 500 to hire , will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event .
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice .  each year in the uk around 41 , 000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11 , 000 die from the disease .  the problem is partly caused by immune system  b - cells  that put a brake on the body  s defences in prostate and other cancers .
father , uriel miranda , 38 , and two children , aged eight and two , were killed after their suv rolled over on a highway .  authorities say the driver and a 7 - year - old boy were not wearing seatbelts .  the car , which was carrying 12 passengers , crashed when a left rear tire tread separated on the florida turnpike .
paul doyle , 56 , moved his family into 820 , 000 home in altrincham , cheshire .  father - of - two put down 200 , 000 deposit and obtained 600 , 000 mortgage .  but his family were probed after scandalising the neighbourhood .  doyle admitted supplying class a and b drugs between 2012 and 2014 .  he now faces a proceeds of crime hearing at manchester crown court .
viv nicholson and her coal miner husband keith won 152 , 319 and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 .  the 25 - year - old charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre , declaring that the money would indeed change her life .
the south yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month .  listing agents claim the apartments are worth between $ 1 . 3 million and $ 1k million .  the controversial pair made a return for ' triple threat ' after winning only $ 10 , 000 on the ' glasshouse ' auction day .
mauricio pochettino wants to meet with the fa before making any decision on harry kane ' s availability .  spurs fear kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club ' s pr strategy ahead of their post - season tour of australia and malaysia .  hugo lloris will miss tomorrow ' s clash against burnley with a gashed knee .
raheem sterling is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday .  the 20 - year - old was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide - known as ' hippy crack ' .  sterling enraged liverpool after saying he was ' flattered ' to be linked with arsenal .
christian benteke scored a hat - trick as aston villa beat qpr 4 - 4 .  leandro bacuna 5 . 5 offered an outlet down the right flanker ' s right flank .  qpr ' s gabriel agbonlahor scored the only goal of the game .
cassandra fortin , 17 , was diagnosed with hodgkin ' s lymphoma in september but did not want to receive the recommended treatment before exploring natural alternatives .  in january , a court ruled that cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and the state ' s department of children and families gained temporary custody of her .
reading take on birmingham in the championship on wednesday .  adam federici let a tame alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp .  reading boss steve clarke has backed the 30 - year - old to bounce back .
images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland , australia .  it  s thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal , but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator .  fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour , such as keeping safe from predators as well as boosting their chances of feeding and finding a mate .
andrew sadek ' s body was found in a river with a bullet to the head .  his mother , tammy sadek , believes he signed his death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana .  an autopsy concluded that sadek died of the gunshot wound , and that he had no drugs or alcohol in his system .
tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , have adopted 40 disabled children over the past 26 years .  they gradually took more and more children into their two - bedroom home in rural shanxi province , central china .  the chens can now afford to send their children to school but it hasn ' t always been this way .
kevin perz , 56 , a father - of - four and business owner , graduated from high school in 1977 .  he recently sent a $ 10 , 000 check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5 , 000 .  in 2002 , he sent a check to marilyn mecham , his one time home economics teacher , and asked for her information .  in it he says he would be ' sad ' if she didn ' t spend the money on herself .
as campaign manager for clinton ' s successful 2000 senate run , de blasio said on sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message .  he said clinton has a very progressive history , which is seen through her work with children and families , he noted that the income inequality in the u . s . is ' out of control ' and that it has to be addressed by candidates .
billy vunipola faces an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday afternoon .  the 22 - year - old could face an immediate suspension following an accusation he struck leicester ' s mathew tait on monday night .  toulon are plotting a move for australia fly - half quade cooper after missing out on sale ' s danny cipriani , who signed a new deal in february .
arsenal beat liverpool 4 - 1 at the emirates stadium on saturday night .  hector bellerin opened the scoring with a superb left - foot strike .  arsene wenger has his sights set on getting as close to chelsea as possible .
first lady michelle obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk - show host rachael ray that it was the armed agents who provide around - the - clock security for the family .  ' the secret service , actually , because they wouldn ' t let me in the car with her , ' mrs . obama said .
spain won the european championships for a second time in a row in 2012 before their world cup failure .  juan bernat ' s arrival to bayern munich earned valencia a seven - figure sum as part of the incentives associated with the full back ' s move to bavaria .  the natural place to look for fresh , well - drilled recruits ready to take on the world is in the armed forces term for the relief watch .
jack wilshere played 90 minutes in arsenal ' s 4 - 1 win over stoke city .  the england midfielder has set his sights on the fa cup semi - final with reading and the premier league clash with manchester united .  he is hoping to make his first - team return for arsenal in the next few weeks .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
ronnie o ' sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on wednesday .  the five - time world champion beat craig steadman 10 - 3 in their first round match at the crucible .  the 39 - year - old converted a 7 - 2 overnight lead , before putting out a call for help .
at least six people have been killed and thousands displaced from their homes since violence erupted in durban several weeks ago .  south africa ' s president jacob zuma has called for an end to the ' shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on immigrants from africa and south asia .  police are struggling to subdue the machete - wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant - owned shops in the slums of johannesburg .
conor mcgregor insists jose aldo doesn ' t want the title as much as he does .  aldo grabbed jose aldo ' s belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week .
attorney general eric holder has served as the nation ' s top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration .  he addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate following a months - long delay .  ' i am proud of you .  i ' m going to miss you all , ' holder told the standing - room - only crowd .
rurik jutting is accused of the murders of two indonesian women .  the 30 - year - old was deemed fit to stand trial in november following psychiatric tests .  his case has been adjourned for five weeks after the prosecution asked for more time .
more modest sales increase of between 60 and 70m is predicted .  most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs .  however , the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term .
nsw traffic and highway patrol command shared the bizarre image on their facebook page .  the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney .  in the pictures , the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock ' s permanent manager on friday .  former hearts boss was asked to take charge until the end of the season .  locke had been working as no 2 under jim mann when he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february .  the 39 - year - old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann .
carl froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr . in las vegas this month .  the wba super - middleweight is open to facing andrzej fonfara .  froch took part in a poker tournament at the pokerstars uk & ireland poker tour .
rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman  deliberately obstructing its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints .  they deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold ppi or they lied about not being able to trace documents .  politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong - doing .
niki lauda is fully expecting nico rosberg to turn ' nasty ' at some stage .  hamilton claimed his fourth chinese grand prix victory and the 35th overall of his career .  rosberg claimed that he had scuppered his team - mate ' s race .
martin skrtel has been linked with a move to wolfsburg and napoli .  the slovakia international has made over 200 league appearances for the reds since arriving at anfield in 2008 .  the 30 - year - old played in his side ' s 2 - 1 fa cup semi - final defeat to aston villa on sunday .
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles .  florida wildlife and wildlife conservation commission said all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand is why some people may confuse one with the other .  whether people see a tortoise or sea turtle , they should not interfere with the animal ' s natural behavior unless they are a wildlife professional .
jb holmes took victory in a play - off at the shell houston open .  johnson wagner saw a four - foot putt lip out .  overnight leader jordan spieth , who hit a fine putt to par the 18th , had been eliminated on the first hole .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave this summer .  the 47 - year - old has been linked with a move to the premier league .  arsenal and manchester city are on alert .
chinese woman , who calls herself zhu diandian online , has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet .  the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs ( 13st ) but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two .  her husband is understood to be ' tolerant ' of the relationship .
carlos toro , 66 , worked as a mid - level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia .  toro came to the united states and eventually began working for the dea as an informant after providing information about a number of former bosses and associates .  he wasn ' t paid for work , but was told he would be rewarded with us citizenship .  the dea refused to help toro with his citizenship after he went public with his plight .
lazio have won eight games in a row in serie a so far this season .  the biancoceleste have scored just one in their last six league games .  stefano pioli says his side will go ' all out for victory ' against juve .  roma have won just two of their last eight league games to fall to third .
robert tesche opened the scoring for birmingham against rotherham .  matt derbyshire pulled one back for fourth - bottom rotherham .  rob kiernan ' s clumsy handling of derbyshire near the hour mark saw tesche go down in the box only for referee dean whitestone to wave away appeals for a spot - kick .  andrew shinnie was flagged offside from donaldson ' s early flick - on while demarai gray ' s ball into the box from the left was dangerous but fruitless .
samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5 , when they left with a woman who said she was from indiana ' s department of child services .  the three - week - old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary , indiana .  police have not released the name of the woman .
peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of 23 , 000 to chiltern railways .  he travelled from oxfordshire to london marylebone but pretended to have gone from wembley , in north west london , instead of thame , oxfordshire .  barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year .
american model kendra spears has given birth to her first child .  the baby , a boy named prince irfan , was born in geneva last saturday .  both mother and child are doing well , according to her husband .
real madrid visit rayo vallecano on wednesday night .  cristiano ronaldo hit five in real ' s 9 - 1 win against granada at the weekend .  ronaldo will be up against rayo striker alberto bueno - the highest scoring spaniard in the league at present .  mundo deportivo looks ahead to barcelona ' s clash against almeria .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao to be held at the mgm grand garden arena on may 2 .  tickets will cost 6 . 60 and will go on sale through mgm resorts call centre and box office on friday at 8pm .  funds raised will go to charities chosen by mayweather and susan g . komen and the cleveland clinic lou ruvo center for brain health .
harold ekeh , 18 , has been accepted to every ivy league college .  born in nigeria , he and his parents moved to the us when he was eight .  it comes a year after another high schooler was met with the same news .
a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word  tosser  on top gear .  the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
choc on choc ' s limited edition political chocolates come in three different flavours .  david cameron ' s bar is studded with blueberry pieces .  ed miliband ' s comes in a red raspberry flavour and the nick clegg edition .
george bailey has signed a deal to take over from mahela jayawardene .  bailey has captained his country in both limited - overs formats .  the 32 - year - old will also be available in the royal london cup .
tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island .  onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding .  mr ryan , a married father - of - two , has lost one leg , but is expected to live .
nine - year - old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother .  photographs of the child , who was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes , have sparked outrage across china .  his mother li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse .
in the first four months of the year , there have so far been 5 , 080 flight cancellations , compared to the 4 , 239 cancellations during the same period in 2014 .  low - cost carrier monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far .  easyjet hasn ' t fared much better , experiencing a 19 per cent increase .
the coat of an english bulldog , the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an irish setter help make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2 , 000 pet owners .  the perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie , the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle .  almost half said their ideal dog would be  standard - sized  like a collie compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas .
pilots of qatar airways flight landed at birmingham airport on monday night .  severe winds foiled two landing attempts at manchester , where plane was due to arrive at 7pm .  passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for refuelling transport .  officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark .
prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare .  he accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ' some brass neck ' by attacking tories .  he said families stuck on benefits were not ' playing system ' but were ' victims of it ' .  he promised extra free childcare for 600 , 000 children a year to counter spiralling costs .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
carl frampton has branded eddie hearn ' s 1 . 5million offer a ' publicity stunt ' .  hearn made the offer live on television on tuesday after talks between him and frampton  s promoter barry mcguigan had stalled .  the ibf super - bantamweight world champion has called on the matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer .
vicars say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non - churchgoing families even though they may live nearby .  clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school , which are often high - performing .
aaron cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team ' s premier league games this season .  john stones has the best passing accuracy of any everton player this season , 90 . 8 % .  andrew robertson has made 40 dribbles this year .
inverness beat celtic 3 - 2 in the scottish cup semi - final on sunday .  josh meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint .  inverness have vowed to ' vigorously defend ' their player .
gianni van , 45 , is accused of the 1995 murder of gonzalo ramirez , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of a road .  prosecutors say van killed ramirez as revenge for raping his on - and - off girlfriend norma esparza .  she ' s expected to testify thursday .
memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .  technical director marcel brands confirmed interest from ' big clubs ' .  the 21 - year - old has been tipped to join one of europe ' s big boys .
manchester city have shelled out for six coaches to take their supporters to london for the premier league clash with crystal palace .  the move was made after tv scheduling for the 8pm kick - off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night .  despite more than 30 premiership and championship games scheduled for the long weekend , large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works .
little zane gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after being poisoned .  police and other official agencies ruled out fears that deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site .  instead , they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death .  but damning new evidence proves authorities have known for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into family ' s home as it was engulfed by floodwater .
insurers are increasingly checking people ' s social media accounts .  they are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled .  this is because most firms have a ' reasonable care ' clause .  police have repeatedly warned that would - be thieves will check social media .
lihi yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water .  each time the water sprays , the dog flies through the air .
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' if force india ' s roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud .  the mexican is currently 10th in the season - opening race in australia .  perez says force india are relying on their june upgrade to come good .
victorian chocolatier xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists that look too good to eat .  the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent tanzania origin chocolate , which contains 548 , 000 calories .  australian families will consumer 124 . 3million easter treats this year over the holiday period .
liverpool face blackburn in a replay at ewood park on wednesday .  brendan rodgers ' side have lost ground in the race for the champions league places and will find it hard to recover .  the fa cup final would be more than useful , for all kinds of reasons .
staff attorneys at the u . s . justice department ' s antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps .  $ 45 . 2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc . , bloomberg business reports .  attorneys are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week .  the final decision will be made by senior officials .
men ' s face product company west coast shaving made the project .  each member of history ' s most esteemed rock bands are blended into 30 single faces .  john lennon is touted as the ' face ' of the beatles because he took the lead on many songs .
last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades .  sales are expected to hit two million this year and the uk  s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established .  arctic monkeys took the top spot for the biggest selling vinyl album of the decade with their fifth and most recent album am .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , 36 .  he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel in las vegas on friday .  stoll was previously in the news for non - sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california .
teresa bullock captured the clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18 - year - old macaque monkey angel .  the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers .  its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye - liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick .
the 34 - year - old star of the only way is essex has launched her range .  showcased the collection at one of the high street chain ' s flagship stores in manchester .  new additions include swing tops and shirts , as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos .  gemma said : ' always wear what you feel confident in .  if you feel great , you ' ll look good ' .
bayer leverkusen released emir spahic from his contract with the club .  spahic was filmed fighting the club ' s security personnel after the german cup defeat to bayern munich .  the 34 - year - old injured his knee in the match and was ruled out for up to four weeks .
johanna basford , 32 , has released a colouring book for adults .  the mother - of - one ' s second book has sold out within weeks of its release .  enchanted forest reached number one on the uk amazon book chart at the start of april .  some 226 , 000 copies were scooped up last month and the publishers have now printed another 250 , 000 .
kyle walker sustained the injury during a 0 - 0 draw with burnley .  the england defender has been provided with a protective boot .  scans have revealed that walker has not broken his foot .
researchers have developed a model that combined long - term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office .  from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms .  this could increase the price of fish and chips , or see them being taken off the menu completely .
jeff bezos , who is worth $ 34 . 7billion , blended in with tourists at the campo de ' fiori in rome on tuesday .  the internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard around the italian capital .  bezos is ranked number 15 on forbes ' billionaires list for his vast wealth but he still suffered a knock in 2014 after dropping down the list when he lost $ 7 . 5 billion .
18 - year - old xie xu met his classmate zhang chi , 19 , at daxu high school in xuzhou , china .  zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight .  xie carries zhang from their rooms to the school , and helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes .
jordon ibe will sign a new five - year contract with liverpool by the end of the week .  the 19 - year - old spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county .  ibe has made a notable impact in his eight appearances for liverpool .  liverpool also expect to announce jordan henderson ' s new contract this week .
more than 600 homes and 17 , 000 acres of farmland were cut off in the wettest january since records began in 1766 .  the environment agency says it has a legal duty under eu - backed regulations to protect the water voles as an endangered species .  residents abandoned their homes after rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
six minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed monday .  the six are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization .  they are the latest westerners to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of westerners by is .
josh meekings appears to get away with a handball on the line .  caley manager john hughes says the break was a turning point .  celtic beat celtic 3 - 2 in a scottish cup semi - final last season .
amira abase , 15 , left bethnal green with shamima begum 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , in february .  she is believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa , syria .  amira has tweeted from inside the islamic state for the first time .  until recently , she has shared a snippet of life in islamic state .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy long island village of greenport .  their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . iona ' s husband died in 2012 from a heart attack , and she is believed to have been ' under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages .
paris saint - germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic has had his four - game ban reduced by one match apiece .  ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the french football league when he was caught on camera after psg ' s 3 - 2 defeat against bordeaux .  dimitri payet also received a two - game sanction after aiming expletives at the closed door of the match officials ' dressing room .
alexander soumbadze , 26 , has been charged with eight counts of child pornography .  he has been affiliated with the on the mat sports international karate studio , formerly known as dc martial arts .
david silva was caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate in the second half .  the spaniard was taken to hospital as a precaution but tests showed no fracture .  west ham boss manuel pellegrini believes the incident was ' accidental ' .
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday .  the 47 - year - old has already been linked with a number of leading clubs .  former city midfielder dietmar hamann believes the former manchester city boss would be the ideal fit for the job .
mirko ' cro cop ' filipovic made a slow start against gabriel gonzaga .  the brazilian dropped his rival to the canvas before the referee stepped in .  jimi manuwa was given the nod by scores of 30 - 27 twice and 29 - 28 .
game of thrones actor jason momoa demanded the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $ 1 . 4 billion telescope on sacred land .  dozens of protesters were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site , said to be visited by the snow goddess poli ' ahu ' .
the tenth edition of the annual course ,  exorcism and prayer of liberation ,  began this morning at rome  s regina apostolorum university .  experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances .
carol cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile jail center in texas in october 1980 .  police in bossier parish , louisiana , found a body stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road outside shreveport .  now , social media has brought forward a potential suspect , as well as a facebook post for ' bossier doe ' .
david rylance , 47 , jailed for two years and three months for theft and fraud .  pensioner margaret rylance was suffering from alzheimer ' s disease .  one of mrs rylance ' s accounts held just 1 , 000 at the time of her death .
tareq kamleh appeared in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend .  he urged foreign medics to join him in the city of raqqa to help launch the islamic state health service .  the medical board of australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a ' fit and proper person ' .
cristiano ronaldo scores five goals as real madrid beat granada 9 - 1 .  gareth bale broke the deadlock at the bernabeu in the first half .  real madrid bounced back from their el clasico defeat by barcelona .
images of the watch ' s circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung ' s upcoming developer scheme .  samsung said : ' the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of samsung gear with a wrist watch type ' .  motorola , huawei and lg currently offer round watches , while the pebble steel and apple watch are square .  asus claims the 119 . 99 vivowatch has a 10 - day battery life .
joao teixeira was carried off on a stretcher during brighton ' s goalless draw with huddersfield on tuesday night .  the 22 - year - old has been ruled out for the rest of the season .
wolf hall , starring damian lewis , was broadcast in the u . s . for the first time .  review attacked the series as ' a work of fiction that adopts a narrow , revisionist and anti - catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the tudor period in which it  s set ' .  latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the uk , who tore into the series for its ' perverse ' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired .
horses , ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers .  animal welfare charities are full to capacity , leaving them increasingly helpless .  last year , the rspca took in 1 , 500 horses , many of them former family pets .
psychologists at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for ' emotionally neutral events ' that gain significance through subsequent experience .  emotion increases our ability to remember by affecting activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum .  a power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times , research has found .
michael bisping beat cb dollaway on points in montreal .  the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year .  bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night .
adriana alvarez , 22 , says that even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by .  alvarez is a leader with fight for $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize .
tom croft has signed a new deal with leicester .  the flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the victory over newcastle .  the 29 - year - old has been ruled out of the world cup .
photographer jessica fulford - dobson - dobson took pictures of middle eastern skater girls in dresses and skirts in kabul , afghanistan . 40 per cent of the program ' s students are female ; the girls also have the option of joining a back - to - school program .
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection , and started at about 1pm wednesday .  only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected .  an investigation into what was behind the blaze continues .
field marshal erwin rommel was the one german leader in the second world war .  he gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness .  they were given to him by a british prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat .  rommel committed suicide in 1944 after taking part in a failed plot to kill hitler .
jose mourinho said sunday ' s game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played .  the 34 - year - old defender is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception .  sportsmail ' s martin keown says terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career .
charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie ' s hope bereavement center for kids .  the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
sergeant norman turgel , 24 , and teenage polish girl gena , 20 , were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years .  among the recently dead was dutch girl anne frank , whose diaries while hiding from the nazis in amsterdam became the defining account of the holocaust . norman became so besotted with gena that he told her he was going to marry her one day .
euan ritchie and jen martin launched a crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area .  within an hour , the couple received a baffling pledge from someone called jeffrey green .  the couple still hope to reach the $ 15 , 000 goal of their kangaroo preservation project .  in the last 200 years , australia has lost over 10 % of its native mammals , the highest loss of native mammals of any country in the world .
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven ' t had sex . 11 , 549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study .  nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins .  art and sociology pupils were most likely to have lost their virginity .
raheem sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool .  sterling has the potential to be worth so much more than the 100 , 000 - a - week contract he ' s turned down .  liverpool fans have a popular slogan : no player is bigger than the club .
carla suarez navarro beat andrea petkovic in a semi - final on thursday .  the spaniard will play either simona halep or serena williams in saturday ' s final .  it ' s the eighth time that suarez navarro has reached a wta final .  petkovic had not dropped a set in any of her first four matches this year .
martin odegaard has been dropped by real madrid ' s b - team castilla .  the 16 - year - old is said to be on a different wavelength to his team - mates .  odegaard picked real madrid over liverpool and manchester united .
david de gea ' s contract at manchester united expires in the summer of 2016 .  louis van gaal is looking at the possibility of picking up chelsea ' s petr cech to fill the gap in between , according to reports in spain .  lionel messi ' s injury is still causing him some problems ahead of barcelona ' s trip to celta vigo on sunday .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute .  the cherries have all but secured their championship status .  eddie howe ' s side beat reading 2 - 1 at the madejski stadium .
bodies of six soldiers found in farmer ' s field in comines - warneton , belgium , in 1914 and 2010 .  little has been discovered about the soldiers , as no relatives have been found .  graves will be labelled as ' known unto god ' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers , which was chosen by author rudyard kipling .
david cameron will today claim that labour ' s economic policies risk putting a million people out of work .  he will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks , worth at least 2 , 000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff .  mr cameron will hail the ' jobs miracle ' that has seen 1 , 000 new jobs created every day .  christine lagarde said the world was suffering from a ' moderate and uneven ' return to growth which was ' simply not good enough ' .
78 irish travellers exploited human rights laws to stay in illegal camp for five years .  claimed eviction ' violated ' human rights of 39 children on site in 60 caravans .  but despite being given four months to appeal , group used loophole to take case to supreme court .  supreme court rejected pleas for group to be allowed right of appeal .
manny pacquiao will fight floyd mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas .  the filipino has been installed as the underdog for the $ 300m mega - fight .  he says he must be a ' warrior in the ring ' but is convinced he will win .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l . a . before school on february 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn .  one of the teens was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .
detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force .  the driver , named only as humayun , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry .  cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked hyundai without signalling when the uber driver honked his horn .
the 90 - second clip was filmed by a witness at king khalid international airport in riyadh .  it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck .  seconds later the men grab either end of a bag and throw it so hard that it hits a green barrier against the wall .
tegan peters , 22 , was ' shocked ' and ' disgusted ' to find a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park , south of auckland .  ms peters said she immediately wanted to warn her pakuranganga community after finding the ball was ' harmless ' .  she shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people in case there were more of the ' dangerous ' balls out there .
susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found the 3 . 69 - carat white diamond in a 37 . 5 - acre search field at crater of diamonds state park in arkansas .  she prayed to god , asking , ' are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today ? ' .
peter crouch was at hand to give his verdict on charlie adam ' s dancing skills on sky ' s soccer am chat show .  the 34 - year - old originally brought the robot celebration from england ' s 6 - 0 loss against jamaica ahead of the 2006 world cup .  crouch was a more than qualified judge for the verdict .
fiorentina beat sampdoria 2 - 0 in serie a on saturday .  miralem pjanic ' s goal gave juve their first home victory for more than four months .  carlos tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help leaders juventus beat empoli 2 - 1 to stay 14 points clear at the top .  cesena came back from a three - goal deficit in verona to earn a point that left them third - bottom on 22 points .
research led by a scientist at the new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high - resolution footage of a solar flux ' rope ' taking shape on the sun .  in the video , twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis , and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form .
pair from dewsbury , west yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families .  one of the boys is believed to be a relation of hammaad munshi , who was just 15 .  he was found guilty of terror offences at the age of 18 in 2008 .
iphone users on ee will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no mobile phone signal .  the technology is the first roll out of the technology throughout europe .  rival networks , including o2 and three , offer apps in order to make calls over wi - fi - similar to the skype service .  the new samsung galaxy s6 and s6 edge will also have the feature on the ee network when it goes on sale this friday .
darren stanton has become the uk ' s top human lie detector and body expert .  he appeared on itv ' s this morning and showed his skill in sniffing out deceit .  he managed to suss out when both philip schofield and amanda holden were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair .
18 - month - old baby and three girls - aged three , six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach .  but when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble , those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help .  instead , they took out their smartphones to record the drama .  more than 60 spectators had to be rescued at the boat race in london on saturday .
kejonuma leisure land , in tohoku , japan , closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors .  urban explorer florian seidel , 38 , visited the site in 2014 to capture the extent of the site ' s ongoing dereliction .  other abandoned amusement parks have been ' photographed to death ' .
kerry hamilton , 34 , was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 .  at just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated to be told it was due to a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix .  she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like cramps .
hayleigh mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp .  but the girl from elgin in moray , scotland , was given a taste of her own medicine .  she texted her partner on the social media app with the words : ' i don ' t want to be with you any more .  i am not happy ' .
barry beavis , 48 , lost his case at the court of appeal in chelmsford , essex .  he launched a legal bid to overturn his fine saying it was unfair , disproportionate and unenforceable .  but in a landmark ruling , judges decided the size of the fine was neither ' extravagant or unconscionable ' .  motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision , accusing the judges of being ' out of touch ' .
jacob church , 21 , and joe tobin , 29 , only met earlier in the night .  they were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated .  police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low .
hull beat st helens 28 - 20 in the derby at langtree park on thursday .  jamie shaul try was enough to seal a shock win for the home side .  saints were in the wars again last week , losing to rivals wigan .
the labor department reported on thursday that the number of jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four - year or advanced degree rose to 12 . 4per cent last year from 10 . 9per cent in 2013 .  engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today ' s competitive market .
five - month - old elijah mccrae died in his mother ' s arms on monday .  his parents created a 30 - item ' bucket list ' for their terminalally ill son .  elijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy .
jonny bucknell , 58 , slept in his car at the tory party conference in 2013 .  mayor lazzaro pietragnoli had to tell him to stop eating in the chamber .  but diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden .  he now aims to campaign for a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner .
shaker aamer , 48 , is expected to be freed in june , us government sources have revealed .  the 48 - year - old has been held at guantanamo bay without charge or trial .  he is the longest - serving uk resident in guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release , by the bush administration in 2007 and by barack obama in 2009 .  campaigners welcomed moves to end the scandal of saudi - born mr aamer continuing to languish in the naval base in cuba .
luis suarez was liverpool ' s player of the season after scoring 31 goals .  steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients .  jordan henderson was outstanding , while martin skrtel was a big presence .
monaco host juventus in the champions league quarter - finals on wednesday .  leonardo jardim says monaco ' s performance shows you don ' t need to buy big .  the russian billionaire says the days of signings are over .  jardim ' s young guns will have to be on top form if they are to advance to the semi - finals of european football ' s premier club competition for the first time in 11 years .  click here for all the latest monaco news .
patrick o ' flynn said ukip needs to ' work harder ' as it is ' lagging ' behind .  he launched the party ' s ' policies for women ' alongside suzanne james .  polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back ukip .
firefighters in philadelphia rescued four children and a son from the basement of a philadelphia home sunday .  their mother , a single mother , is facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child .  police say their mother locked them in the basement for 15 hours without access to food or bathroom .
anjelica ' aj ' hadsell , 18 , was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk on march 2 .  her stepfather wesley hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours .  the stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges .
prime minister john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her ' uncomfortable ' .  mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
delayed flight from madrid to manchester was due to land at 11 . 25pm on friday .  passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or other documents .  schoolteacher clinton lakin , 46 , called the lack of security ' ludicrous ' .
northampton face saracens in the top - of - the - table clash on saturday .  tom wood is keen to re - gather the momentum that was lost by exeter .  the saints were dumped out of the champions cup quarter - finals as clermont ran riot on their home turf .
there will be calls for england to get rid of alastair cook and jonathan trott on the back of their failures .  trott will have to tell himself to stay still and chill a bit at the crease .  england ' s new opening pair have very different issues to show they are worth a place .
alan pardew ' s five - game winning run was crucial to newcastle ' s season .  newcastle would be headed for a second relegation in seven seasons .  owner mike ashley was never going to dispense with his manager .
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing ' s famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  they show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven , standing next to giant statues at the western qing tombs and riding on boats at the summer palace .  some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion , a lion and a horse .
bradley parkes , 16 , was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note .  his mother tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital .  she said she wanted to do everything in her power to help her son pull through .
blackburn rovers face liverpool in fa cup quarter - final replay on wednesday .  tom cairney will face raheem sterling on wednesday night .  the 24 - year - old is a ball - playing central midfielder with a sweet left foot .
leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and has to be cut to 20ft in shade .  audrey alexander , 54 , claims trees knocked 20 , 000 off the value of her house .  she claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches .  high hedge act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden .
claudio giardiello , 46 , killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani , 37 , and co - defendant fernando ciampi , 37 .  prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ' cold premeditation ' .  he was due to appear today accused of fraudulent bankruptcy .
elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , from chiapas , mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in provo , utah , april 16 .  she moved to provo about a month ago to study english .  there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she hasn ' t made contact with anybody for longer than a week .  her cellphone has been turned off , and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened .
institute for fiscal studies analysed the policies of all the main parties .  tories accused of giving ' no detail ' about their deficit reduction plan .  labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra 26billion - a - year .
three cars were broken into during sunday ' s ladbrokes challenge cup defeat by hull kr .  bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised during the match at odsal stadium .  bulls ' stadium manager mark leadbeater said : ' rest assured we will leave no stone unturned in our efforts to find those responsible for the damage ' .
lyon beat guingamp 3 - 1 to move top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at least . nabil fekirette scored a penalty and alexandre lacazette ' s penalty .  it was lyon ' s first win in three and moved them back above paris st germain .
amanda taylor , 24 , has been charged with first - degree murder in the killing of her former father - in - law charles taylor , 59 .  taylor ' s suspected partner in crime , 32 - year - old sean ball , was found wounded on the blue ridge parkway in north carolina on april 4 .  the mother of two reportedly blamed taylor for introducing her husband to drugs at age 15 and driving him to suicide .
the images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen and could fetch up to 30 , 000 .  everything from the waterfront , city centre and st mary redcliffe church can be seen in the shots , as well as the fourteen stars tavern building which was pulled down in 1857 .  the albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s .
lix bussey , 23 , from durham , was hit by a car and died on holiday in mexico . she was coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend jonathan boyle , also 23 .  the pair visited the mexican holiday resort of riviera maya - it was their first holiday abroad together .  mrs bussey said she was devoted to the education and welfare of children she taught .
jef rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t - shirt when she was told the spaghetti straps of her ' full - length ' dress were ' against the rules ' .  he said he finds it ' distracting ' that school dress codes tend to offer more restrictions for girls than boys than boys .
vanessa moe ' s debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag - like headwear .  a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces .  those distracted by the headwear missed 12 dreamy looks in cream and blue hues float down the catwalk .
mrs clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there .  there she would spend three and a half hours on her own reading looking ' heartbroken ' , according to a new book .  the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower , a former white house correspondent for bloomberg news in  the residence : inside the private world of the white house 
the singer - songwriter ' s 16 - page collection is expected to fetch up to $ 1 . 5million ( 1 , 006 , 303 )
the islamic state group claimed credit on saturday a bombing near the us consulate in iraq ' s autonomous kurdish region a day earlier that killed two turks .  but the us state department said the bombing did not kill or wound any consular employees .  saman barzanchi , the head of the arbil health department , said saturday that two ethnically kurdish turks were killed and eight people wounded .
alessandro matri , roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci scored for juventus .  carlos tevez was sent off in the 21st minute for fiorentina .  tevez missed the match due to a thigh injury just hours before kick - off .
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play - off to win the lpga ' s opening major of the year in california .  the 29 - year - old carded a brilliant eagle on the par - five 18th to move level with fellow american lewis on nine under par .  lincicombe admits it was ' surreal ' to repeat the feat this time .
staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies ' toilet at a burger bar .  the baby was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta .  a woman who had been seen visiting the toilet was arrested .  she was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect .
boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee .  their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like the tiny insects .  professor james marshall said if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made ' tremendous advances ' .
lucy , 24 , is the face of very .  co . uk ' s # cantwaitforsummer campaign .  describes her perfect summer as ' sun , tan and chilling ' .  recently starred in a made in chelsea work - out dvd .
joyce tabram , 82 , was being treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth .  she was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 .  doctors told her to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed .  ms tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down .  opposition leader mark mcgowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence at fsh .
jacob fairbank was injured in halifax ' s win over hunslet on easter monday .  the 25 - year - old is now facing a lengthy spell on the sidelines .  the huddersfield forward is currently on loan at london broncos .
rolando aarons has suffered another injury setback this season .  the 19 - year - old was in contention to play for newcastle ' s under 21s .  moussa sissoko was sent off during monday night ' s loss at liverpool .
dmitry kaminskiy is a senior partner of hong kong - based firm , deep knowledge ventures .  he says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 .  one of the oldest supercentenarians living today is jeralean talley , at 115 years , and susannah mushatt jones , 115 years .
a wily coyote gave the new york police department a runaround for more than an hour on tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church in manhattan .  after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting , nypd officers arrived at the scene .  however , the coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ' attempts to catch it .  it is the second time a coyote has been sighted in new york in two weeks .
the orcasub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration .  adventurers can explore up to 2 , 000ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour .
former police inspector neville hackett said his son had ' his life threatened by a well - known associate of criminals ' two years ago .  the 34 - year - old swimmer ' s personal life fell apart last year due to the addiction to stilnox .  hackett earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by swimming to fourth place in one minute and 46 . 84 seconds .
padraig harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months .  the irishman was spotted on the driving range with a rubber band wrapped around his knees and standing well away from the ball .  tiger woods has lost a touch of his genius in recent years .
ryan giroux , 41 , has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences .  he is accused of shooting three people in a phoenix motel , killing one .  another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant and then two more at separate apartment complexes .  police launched a massive manhunt to find the culprit behind the shootings .  giroux is reported to be a member of the hammerskin nation , a notoriously violent racist skinhead group connected with the aryan brotherhood .
two 17 - year - old boys arrested at their homes in coventry , west midlands .  a man in coventry has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for terrorism .  west midlands counter terrorism unit has appealed for help in identifying would - be terrorists after it was revealed there had been a rise in the number of syria - related investigations in the region .
danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy zoeller in 1979 .  the yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster .  willett insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first major of 2015 .
lara logan , 43 , was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in egypt in february 2011 .  she is said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area but working on upcoming stories .  a close family friend of logan ' s , ed butowsky , confirmed late last month that she had been in and out of the hospital since the attack .  she was rescued by a group of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her tv crew in tahrir square .
eden hazard was substituted with 28 minutes in belgium ' s 1 - 0 win over israel on tuesday night .  the 24 - year - old playmaker has played all but five of chelsea ' s games this season , mainly avoiding injury .  hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon as he returns to premier league action on saturday .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 in their premier league clash .  ander herrera opened the scoring for the visitors in the first half .  louis van gaal has piled pressure on manchester city ahead of their games against crystal palace and crystal palace .  city face crystal palace at selhurst park on monday evening .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
paris saint - germain face barcelona in the champions league quarter - final .  edinson cavani will be at the parc des princes tonight .  cavani has endured problems and a significant goal drought for one of his talent .  psg have been stripped by suspension of two key players , zlatan ibrahimovic and marco veratti .
known only by the name gulnaz , the woman was 16 - years - old when she fell pregnant with the child of her rapist asadullah .  now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry the rapist so that her first daughter - named smile - could live a shame - free life in the afghan capital ' s ' traditional ' society .
neill buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned to death by elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye , both 36 , before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in dagenham , essex .  the men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit u . s . television show jackass .  videos showed mr buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals .
pete bennett , 33 , appeared on jeremy kyle show in 2006 .  he finished first in the seventh series of big brother seven years ago .  despite being given 100 , 000 of prize money , he is now homeless .  he says he doesn ' t have a roof over his head and spends each night sofa surfing .  ' i felt like i was not being allowed to do what i wanted - i was a puppet , ' he said .
the new dinosaur , named yi qi , had unusual bristle - like feathers and bat - like wings that were covered in a membrane .  the dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap .  palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics .  the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air .
bbc political editor announced at start of march that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour .  but his voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for tumour surgery .  last night he returned to the bbc ' s news at six to analyse the labour ' s manifesto from the studio .  he has been sent an outpouring of good wishes , led by prime minister david cameron .
franck ribery , mehdi benatia , david alaba and arjen robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as bayern munich attempted to overturn a 3 - 1 deficit against porto .  bayern had just 14 fit players to choose from in the first leg but tore the portuguese giants apart at the allianz arena to progress to the champions league semi - finals .
authorities drove the corpses of four alleged terrorists around garissa .  survivor cynthia cheroitich , 19 , spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive .  she was rescued after al - shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college on thursday .
consumers willing to shell out between 299 to 13 , 500 - for the gold edition - have to pre - order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june .  analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre - orders and that sales could top 20 million this year .
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine .  the 59 - year - old had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the ivory coast . he believes the vaccine could have dangerous side - effects that affect more people than previously thought .
mohammad liaqat launched into a ' racist tirade ' at white teachers at mount carmel school .  the 34 - year - old objected to the strict uniform policy which stated that pupils could not have beards .  he was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour .
the couple , who does not wish to be identified , hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos .  the couple wasn ' t alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride ' s sister told the family about the racist incident .  evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people , there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption .
23 - year - old justin whittington of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment .  the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online and shared thousands of times .  the owner of vest market harry dindral said the man was the boy ' s father and said that he ' s seen them in the store together before .
travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia , sung a george jones hit to his 47 - year - old uncle , jamie joe cline , who has down syndrome .
leia , an eight - month - old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby ' s pacifier .  footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .
andy carroll suffered torn ligaments in west ham ' s 0 - 0 draw with southampton .  the 26 - year - old won ' t be available for the rest of the season .  carroll has been plagued with injuries since joining west ham in 2013 .
barcelona will play bayern munich in the champions league semi - finals .  pep guardiola will return to the nou camp with his bayern munich team .  real madrid vs juventus is the other semi - final in the competition ' s 60 - year history .  the possibility of an el clasico final and a second straight all spanish final on june 6 is still there .
prime minister said tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1 . 3million families in housing association properties to buy their home .  but the national housing federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers 5 . 8billion and was effectively worth 100 , 000 to each family who benefited .  labour jumped on the remarks this morning , claiming the policy had ' unravelled ' .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer .  the ghana international wants to join the anfield club who he supported as a boy .  everton , newcastle and swansea have all shown interest . ayew ' s favourite player was steven gerrard , who will leave liverpool at the end of the season .
lauren york , 15 , ran away from her home in north ridgeville , ohio around 4am sunday , with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone .  her mother grace york posted on facebook that she still had not been in contact with her daughter and feared she may be headed to missouri .
the thames bath lido will sit near blackfriars bridge , which will open with the backing of a crowdfunding project .  david walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in the new pool .  the plan is to incorporate two pools , a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool .
tom richards , 25 , was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of swansea .  he was held in a cell for 11 hours as police continue their investigation . comes after westbrook , 41 , made claims on social media that her younger former boyfriend had been violent towards her .  the pair split in november last year after spending months together in california .  richards has vehemently denied the allegations and has not been charged .
liverpool lost 2 - 1 to aston villa in fa cup semi - final at wembley .  brendan rodgers ' side have to do better in the most important games .  manchester city beat west ham 2 - 0 at wembley stadium .
hillary clinton and top aide huma abedin didn ' t leave a tip during their 45 - minute meal at chipotle in maumee , ohio , on monday .  the manager of the restaurant said to be fair , multimillionaire ' her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left ' .  ' if we ' re doing our job right , people tip ' .
yann kermorgant opened the scoring for bournemouth in the 74th minute .  charlie daniels added a second from the penalty spot to make it 3 - 2 .  bournemouth move back to the top of the championship .
killer pilot andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ' skydevil ' , it has emerged .  investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ' bipolar ' and ' manic depressive ' .  european regulators warned germany ' s aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check - ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement .
the 37 - year - old supermodel only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago .
dele alli picked up the young player of the year award on sunday .  the 19 - year - old midfielder has impressed for mk dons this season .  alli has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for the dons .
shai hope and carlos brathwaite have been included in a 14 - man west indies squad for the first test against england on monday .  the islanders have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach phil simmons .  sheldon cottrell , miguel cummins , shane dowrich , shannon gabriel , leon johnson and veerasammy permaul have all been stood down .
wigan warriors beat warrington 30 - 20 in the super league derby .  ben flower was sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october .  the 27 - year - old did not get among the scorers but did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off .  sam tomkins scored his second hat - trick of tries in five days .
deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex .  it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet ( one metre ) and then backfilled with soil .  three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments and one from charcoal , have confirmed the remains are around 7 , 614 years old and fall within the late mesolithic .
hayley adams , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was seen sneaking into william tanner  s bedroom and taking cash from his coat .  a cctv device was put in the room by his daughter angela wrenn .  ms wrenn , 56 , had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing , but was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative - and the mother to mr tanner ' s great - grandchildren .
stuart mccall hopes shane ferguson can play a vital role in rangers ' play - off bid .  newcastle united wide man was sent north by the magpies as part of a five - man package on the final day of the january transfer window .  gers missed the fact he was carrying a long - term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical .
take that star stopped by couple ' s wedding reception and sung ' a million love songs ' .  maid of honour , kirsty miles , tweeted : ' i ' m still on cloud nine , i can ' t believe it happened ' .  mrs jones and her friends are seeing take that several times this year .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career .  andrew thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness mccoy ' s entire career .  former jockey luke harvey agrees that mccoy has mellowed mccoy , who is an unassuming figure among his colleagues .
bayern munich beat borussia monchengladbach 1 - 0 on sunday .  max kruse scored the only goal of the game in the last minute .  the result means bayern have been crowned bundesliga champions .
raheem sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a 100 , 000 - a - week contract .  chelsea want to be kept informed about the 20 - year - old ' s future .  but liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists sterling is ' going nowhere ' .
mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents - to - be .  mrs middleton , 60 , has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter kate married prince william .  the cheapest item in the range is a 2 . 79 set of party cups .  it also includes straws for 3 . 49 and cake bunting at 7 . 69 .
mark jones is accused of killing 41 - day - old amelia rose jones at his daughter ' s home in pontnewydd , south east wales .  the youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather .  jones , 45 , of cwmbran , denies murder at newport crown court .  his defence is he dropped amelia on two separate nights - first after accidentally slipping on a toy and then after suddenly fainting .
patties foods said no hepatitis a or e . coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non - recalled nanna ' s mixed berries .  four adults , three in victoria and one in nsw , have contracted potentially deadly hepatitis a after condsuming the 1kg packets of nanna .  hepatitis a is spread when traces of the virus comes in contact with hands , water or food , and then enters a person ' s mouth .
two tsa employees were fired after a male worker performed inappropriate pat downs on male passengers he found attractive .  the male employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger ' s genitals at the colorado airport .
kendall schler finished a st . louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year .  officials determined she didn ' t run the entire 26 . 2 miles .  her finish time that qualified her to run in monday ' s boston marathon has now been erased .  schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race .
ashley mote , 79 , is accused of a string of fraud - related offences .  he denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010 .  he could claim expenses including a parliamentary assistance allowance .
six chelsea players have been named in the pfa premier league team of the year .  john terry , gary cahill , nemanja matic , ryan coutinho and alexis sanchez are all in the team .  jose mourinho ' s men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 .  david de gea has been heavily linked with a move to real madrid .
flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell .  users have nicknamed the drug ' $ 5 insanity ' because hits often cost less than $ 10 .
rachael bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain ' s lynnwood , washington store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket .  bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that didn ' t work she took action .  as the man reached into the till , bishop tried to swat his hand away .
police raided alan greaves ' home in colne , lancashire , in september 2013 .  they found the disturbing images on a digital storage device .  forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category , with a further 872 at the next level .  greaves pleaded guilty to two offences of making indecent images .  he was also given a sexual harm prevention order and told to sign the sex offenders ' register for the next 10 years .
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on tuesday in arapahoe county district court after a selection process that began on january 20 .  holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in aurora , colorado .  his attorneys don ' t dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire .
vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with killing stephanie scott , a popular high school teacher in leeton , 550 kilometres from sydney , on easter sunday .  stanford has uploaded more than 65 videos of his gaming interactions with other gamers online .  he has uploaded 65 videos - mostly recordings of him playing games with other people online .  the online profile named quetzalcoalt identifies himself as a person named vincent who loves video games .
the 5 . 45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969 .  nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean .  the estate is made up of a ' grand pavilion ' measuring 9 , 000 square feet , and also boasts several satellite residences for staff .
for decades , men build at the bottom of the garden so they have a place to be alone .  in the book ' men and sheds ' , women are looking to the single - storey structures as a safe haven .  they are decked out with moroccan rugs , cushions , chandeliers and coffee tables .
will stevens has been using the facilities at st george ' s park to help him climb the formula one ladder .  the 23 - year - old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive .  stevens has access to an exercise bike , treadmill and rowing machine , located in the altitude chamber .
jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york , his sister carrie said .  he is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama anne of green gables and two sequels .  he was discovered at 17 when he was performing in a high - school production of the wizard of oz .
mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre - aztec pyramid in teotihuacan , mexico , for six years .  he came across ' large quantities ' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a tunnel that had been sealed off for nearly 1 , 800 years .  because of the potential supernatural significance of the mercury in ritual ends , gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king .
british transport police chief constable paul crowther said groups of football fans are responsible for thuggish behaviour on a weekly basis .  five chelsea fans were caught on film directing racist abuse towards a black passenger in france .  he said the impact on ordinary passengers is ' unacceptable ' .
sensors at argentina ' s esperanza base recorded a temperature of 17 . 5c ( 63 . 3f ) this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent .  this is according to a new study that has combined 18 - years worth of ice shelf thinning data from three different sets of satellites .
werder bremen defeated hamburg 1 - 0 in their europa league clash .  franco di santo scored the winner in the 84th minute .  new hamburg coach bruno labbadia has been tasked with preventing hamburg from going down for the first time ever .  hamburg are the only team never to have played in the second division since the creation of the bundesliga in 1963 .  bayer leverkusen are third on 54 points following their 2 - 0 victory over hoffenheim on saturday .
manchester united fear daniel levy will play hardball should they pursue interest . spurs are determined to keep their no 1 at white hart lane and will demand a 35million price tag for the keeper .  levy is known to be one of the toughest negotiators in europe .
hillary clinton met a few employees at kristin ' s bakery in keene , new hampshire on monday as her presidential campaign got underway .  ' there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in , ' a co - worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening .  ' you may not agree with her .  ok .  but you should respect the office she ' s shooting for , ' he said .
london mayor launches tory campaign in london with a speech in hartley hall .  says labour leader wants to go back to ' nasty , racist ' era of the 1970s .  also claims ukip want to turn the clock back to the 1950s while greens want a return to ' somewhere around the bronze age ' .  also mocked miliband over revelation he has two kitchens in his 2million north london home .
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm .  she opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights .  after the boy was born , the pair disagreed on the level of involvement he would have in his son ' s life .
u .  s . coffee giant is being probed by european commission over methods it used to lower its tax bills .  it could face millions in back taxes if they are found to be illegal .  starbucks ran its european division through the netherlands where it paid just 1 . 9million in tax to the dutch government , from a reported 300million profit .
david suchet , 68 , is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases .  his grandson todd has the rare genetic illness tuberous sclerosis complex .  those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart and suffer from epilepsy and learning or behavioural difficulties .
serena williams beat simona halep 6 - 2 4 - 6 7 - 5 in the miami open semi finals .  the world no 1 has a win record of 17 - 0 since the start of the year .  she has lost only five sets on tour this season , two at the australian open , one in indian wells and two in miami .
ellie marshall , 10 , and taylor biggin , five , lost their eight - year - old brother harvey to a mystery illness last year .  they came up with the idea after spending three easters in a row by harvey ' s side at sheffield children ' s hospital .  instead the eggs will be donated to the hospital where he was cared for .
jordan spieth tees off his third round at augusta at 2 : 55pm local time .  charley hoffman and paul casey will tee off at 1 : 15pm ( 7 : 45pm bst ) respectively .  rory mcilroy and tiger woods will be out a lot earlier in the day .
shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid 2 , 200 to a temporary nurse .  it represents double the rate for a neurologist and revealed following freedom of information request . also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year .
the 34 - year - old reality tv star was captured dining in a non - kosher restaurant with her husband , kanye west , and jerusalem ' s mayor , nir barkat , on monday .  the next day , only kanye and mr barkat were pictured in the photo , reprinted in an article on the ultra - orthodox news site , hakikar .  ultra - conservative jewish news organizations typically avoid printing photos of women because they deem them sexual in nature .
joel edgerton ' s great grand - uncles , simon phillip comerford and laurence william comerford , were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago .  service records reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one .  documents from ancestry . com reveal their great - grandfather , edward glenny , worked as a private in the military .
prime minister reveals eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family .  he admits the comparison is ' not great ' , with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11 - year - old .  modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of american since friends .
john terry was banned for four games and fined 220 , 000 for the remarks made during chelsea ' s 1 - 0 defeat at loftus road in october 2011 .  the former england captain directed at former rs defender anton ferdinand four years ago .  qpr manager chris ramsey thinks the issue has been dealt with .  rio ferdinand won ' t be fit in time for a reunion with the chelsea skipper .
toby alderweireld is on loan at southampton from atletico madrid .  the belgium international has attracted interest from manchester city and tottenham .  ronald koeman ' s side have the option to make the deal permanent for just 6 . 8million .
cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn ' t make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug .  the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors , who last week said that while they believe in states ' rights to self - determination , they ' d lay the hammer down on colorado and washington for flouting federal law .
michael gridley , 26 , orchestrated scam to steal 15 , 852 .  stock including alcohol , cigarettes , dvds , computer games and consoles were taken from the store in basildon , essex .  after being sacked , gridley managed to land a job at lidl after he was sacked .
celtic are five points ahead of aberdeen in the scottish cup semi - final .  ronny deila ' s side were beaten 1 - 0 by inverness at hampden on sunday .  emilo izaguirre has called on his team - mates to focus their attention on winning the league title .
mario balotelli is set to leave liverpool at the end of the season .  sampdoria president massimo ferrero says he needs to go to stadio luigi ferraris to re - discover himself .  liverpool have been willing to sell the italian striker since january .
virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic since his last call - up .  holland have already conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last world cup .  the defender says he was happy for team - mate jason denayer who made his debut for belgium against israel .
asbestos has been discovered in the roof at new york city ' s mayoral residence .  officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation .  the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $ 250 , 000 and the contract was awarded this week to regional management inc . , officials said .
david and sandra greatrex , 53 and 52 , from plymouth , were harassmed .  david ' s sister anne , 52 , informed them she ' d managed to cancel their nuptials using a fake email address just weeks before the big day .  the couple have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary , family secrets and lies .
mailonline travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world ' s most budget - busting cities .  a stroll around new york ' s recently - built highline or paris ' jardin du luxembourg ' s in central park won ' t cost you anything - as long as you can avoid the temptation to shop .
philippe coutinho described it as the ' ultimate honour ' to speak to pele .  the liverpool midfielder was a special guest for the reds ' league encounter vs rivals manchester united last month .  the reds travel to wembley to face aston villa in the semi - final on sunday .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
gertrud tiefenbacher ' s hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face , say police .  her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo , a small town 85 miles south - west of durban .  police are waiting for the results of forensic tests to confirm that the 86 - year - old was sexually assaulted .
kenyatta leal is the first graduate of the last mile , the world ' s only prison - based tech incubator .  he was selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs .  now he is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation : teaching cons about technology .
lord janner was one of the most prominent labour politicians and campaigners of his time .  he has fought tirelessly for the return of jewish assets held in swiss banks by the nazis , and was made a life peer on his retirement from the commons .  detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by janner in their youth .
the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new ' .  sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations .  taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from ' .  porn ' and ' adult ' domains .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home .  his daughter was taken to birmingham children ' s hospital with breathing difficulties .  the 22 - year - old mother has been released on bail pending further enquiries .  neighbours described the couple as ' friendly ' and said they ' kept to themselves ' .
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti - islamic messages on social media .  the guards were pictured with former federal mp pauline hanson at a recent reclaim australia rally .  some of the guards compared muslims to nazis while others accused companies with halal - certified products of supporting terrorism .  one guard , harley levanic , posted a picture of a new neck tattoo reading ' infidel ' with the caption ' who is next boys ? ' .
the figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named nigel .  the three names most likely to vote tory were charlotte , fiona and pauline .  those least likely to were sharon , samantha and clare without an i . the most likely libdem names were tim , kathryn and samantha .
ellen gallant , a cardiologist from utah , was attempting to climb everest when the 7 . 8 magnitude earthquake struck .  four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas .  there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster and at least 3 , 300 people were killed .
cody knecht , of st . tammany fire district in louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain .  in the minute - long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to his phone .  during the video , the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings .  all six ducklings were reunited with their mother on saturday at their home on a nearby canal .
arsenal were beaten 6 - 0 by chelsea in the premier league on saturday .  the gunners are now in fine form and beat liverpool 4 - 1 .  arsene wenger ' s side have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season .
jason robinson : sports life stories will be broadcast on itv4 at 10pm on tuesday .  the 40 - year - old was arrested for affray , assault and criminal damage .  robinson scored for england in the 2003 world cup final against australia .
bloomberg was elected to the top big apple job three times in a row .  he is ' considering ' the move , and has the backing of senior officials .  bloomberg has significant business interests in the city , according to reports .  his financial information company has offices there , while he owns a $ 30million mansion .  in the past he has described london as his ' second home ' .
justin rose will be in the final pair with jordan spieth at augusta on sunday .  world no 1 rory mcilroy is paired with lee westwood and lee westwood .  paul casey and ian poulter , 11 and 12 shots back respectively , tee off at 19 . 40 .
robert kirkland , who founded the home decor store that bears his last name , died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee .  he donated the money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee .  kirkland ' s expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states .  his son chris said : ' he was a man who loved learning and was always curious about how things worked ' .
jack johnson was the first ever black world heavyweight champion .  he beat tommy burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908 .  james j jeffries was seen as someone who could quickly defeat johnson .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 at stamford bridge .  eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half .  jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side ' s low possession stat .
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of manchester city pair stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails .  roberto mancini remains keen on the manchester city duo he worked with while at west ham .
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2 - 0 in the bundesliga on saturday .  sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute and andreas beck added an own goal in stoppage time .  bayern opened a 13 - point lead over second - placed vfl wolfsburg with five matches left .  borussia dortmund eased past visiting paderborn in their first game since the announcement that coach juergen klopp would leave at the end of the season .
shaquille omar hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle in cardiff .  the 20 - year - old ' s victim , matthew leeke , 38 , was making his way home alone .  he collapsed , hitting his head hard on the pavings and his forehead had to be glued and stapled in hospital .  judge philip richards acknowledged guilty plea to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
mackenzi sue - rose miller , 21 , of apopka , florida , charged with dui and dui .  trinity bachmann was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother when she was killed .  miller ' s blood alcohol content levels were 0 . 114 and 0 . 110 , while florida ' s legal driving limit is 0 . 08 .  miller was booked into the orange county jail on thursday after turning herself in and is out on a $ 3 , 500 bond .
caroline wozniacki congratulated tennis star jordan spieth on twitter .  the 24 - year - old was quick to ensure fans it wasn ' t a dig at her former love interest rory mcilroy .
justin bieber will take on manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday .  bieber has been close friends with the pop sensation for years .  the 21 - year - old has been preparing for his $ 300million mega - fight .  click here for all the latest boxing news .
yougov poll reveals 49 % think duchess of cornwall should become queen . 35 % believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana , princess of wales and 16 % were undecided .  half of those polled believe camilla does a good job of carrying out her official duties .  but according to some legal experts , camilla will technically become queen no matter what title she actually uses .
zodiac aerospace unveils luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew .  lower deck area aims to maximise sense of space and privacy for flight attendants .  every bunk is equipped with a personal service unit ( psu ) offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in - flight entertainment and air conditioning system .
the tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales , and voted the uk ' s number one beach , the third best in europe , and 9th best in the world by tripadvisor .  visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles , surrounded by the rolling welsh hills in the picture - perfect vista .
almeria have named sergi barjuan as their third coach of the season .  the 43 - year - old replaces juan ignacio martinez , who was fired on sunday .  barju ' s away side are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches .  click here for all the latest la liga news .
abbey road is a new web app that takes users on an interactive tour of the inner workings of abbey road .  the interactive app shows sound engineers and producers working as they look into studio 1 .  it then has several animated sequences that show sound technicians at work in the exact spot they were filmed .  the studios hosted the world ' s first live global broadcast - from none other than the beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by emi engineer alan blumlein .
emmanuel adebayor posted a video of himself dancing in front of the arc de triomphe in paris on sunday .  the togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at tottenham and could leave this summer .
ian somerhalder and nikki reed tied the knot in the santa monica mountains on sunday .  the 26 - year - old wore a stunning white lace long - sleeved custom gown by claire pettibone .  ian carried his bride down a muddy slope so that her dress didn ' t get dirty .
john singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $ 4 . 25 million in late 2007 .  the luxurious five - bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean .  the skillion roof - lines and extensive glazing frame the dramatic sandstone cliffs of the nearby national park .  the property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by the bells boutique hotel group since mr singleton choosing to stay at his farm .
the woman ' s body was found at derby motor boat club in sawley , leicestershire .  a 65 - year - old man has been arrested and released on bail in relation to her death .  officers say the investigation is in its ' early stages ' .
the 68 - year - old pulaski county resident was known as terrill wayne newman until tuesday .  his predecessor , who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema , gained a following for his wit , sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana .  the secretary of state ' s office says independent candidates must obtain 5 , 000 signatures from registered voters by august 11 to get their names on the general election ballot .
prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne .  last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time .  five years on , that  s leapt to a massive 28 million  with most of the increase coming since 2012 .
bryony hibbert , 25 , has slammed those responsible for the clip .  he was caught in the act at mossley afc in tameside , tameside .  hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone as he was filmed .  he said : ' i was drunk , i ' d had more than a few drinks , and i want to say i ' m sorry to my family and everyone involved at clitheroe ' .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time .  the rumble in the jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius don king .  the fight which established george foreman as the most recognisable human being on earth .
harper lee , 88 , lives in an nursing home in monroeville , alabama , and has reportedly been deaf and blind since 2007 .  she had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel .  state authorities were suspicious that she was pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman .
paul downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board ' s managing director of cricket on wednesday .  ecb chief executive tom harrison is keen to have downton ' s replacement focus solely on performances , rather than administration duties .  ashes 2005 winning skipper vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role with the ecb .
173 lots of designer brands worth from 300 to thousands are set to go up for auction on april 28 .  they include the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos .  designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of carrie and samantha in sex and the city .  house & son auctioneers in bournemouth , dorset , will rival the likes of harrods and selfridges .
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter .  she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long - missing daughter of dorotea garcia .  the prosecutor ' s office in the southwestern state of michoacan said it is looking into the case involving a civil court judge in los reyes .
sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and can help a person sleep .  as a result the benefits include anti - inflammation , boosted sleep , and improved sports recovery .  avocados are a great source of healthy , mono - saturated fats .  cranberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections .
department of public safety trooper billy spears posed with snoop dogg .  spears requested the photo at south by southwest in austin .  spears ' bosses called snoop a figure who has a ' criminal background including numerous drug charges ' .  spears has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted .
baltimore police commissioner anthony batts ruled out the possibility of freddie gray ' s resignation .  gray , who is black , was arrested april 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away .  six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate .  gray was not buckled in by a seat belt , a violation of the police department ' s policy .
arsenal beat burnley 1 - 0 in their premier league clash on saturday .  aaron ramsey ' s 12th win in a row was their best run since the invincibles team in 2004 .  olivier giroud wants to continue arsenal ' s winning streak and challenge for the title .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
loganair flight from aberdeen to shetland was put off its approach by thunderstorms , snow , hail and 70mph winds on the evening of december 15 .  a ball of lightning then appeared outside the cockpit and a lightning bolt struck the plane  s nose and then travelled the full length of the aircraft before leaving its tail .  the aircraft landed safely in aberdeen with only minor damage and no injuries .
australia 108 will contain 1 , 105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi - level carpark and communal facilities for residents including pools , gym , sauna , steam room and private theatre .  the 750 square metre apartment on southbank promenade will have 360 degree views over melbourne ' s cbd , a private grand foyer and glass elevator .  it is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites .
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under , according to the internet watch foundation .  overall , experts from the regulator removed more than 31 , 000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014 , soaring 136 per cent from around 13 , 000 the previous year .  jump came after internet watchdog was told it could proactively seek out abusive content online , in order to shut it down .
the bell 525 relentless has a luxurious 88 - square - foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom - style comfort .  once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule , the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour .  industry observers are listing it at a whopping $ 15million ( 10 . 12m ) for what looks effectively like a living room that can fly anywhere .
chelsea beat stoke 2 - 1 in their premier league clash on saturday .  cesc fabregas , nemanja matic and oscar were both struggling .  jose mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite decline .
under - 25s are five times as likely to have moved jobs in the past three months than workers over - 50s .  last year , workers aged 18 to 24 received bumper 10 . 6 % pay rises , falling to 3 . 8 % for people aged 25 to 64 and 2 % for workers aged 36 to 49 .  critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer by failing to train and promote them .
iyanna mayweather has been spending time in her father ' s training camp .  floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $ 300 million .  the money man ' s daughter says she is amazed by her dad ' s work ethic .
ed miliband will pledge to ' restore our commitment ' to eu and other groups .  he will accuse david cameron of ' taking britain to the edge of european exit ' . comments echo controversial intervention this month by tony blair .
zipporah lisle - mainwaring has fallen out with her family over inheritance .  she has been accused of painting red and white stripes on her 15million kensington townhouse in a bitter planning row .  residents in the west london neighbourhood likened her to ' a child throwing a tantrum ' .  her stepson said : ' she ' s so rude , in fact she is the rudest person i ' ve ever met ' .
latoya tilson , 33 , took out a . 25 - caliber handgun and fired into crowd .  but while one bullet struck a 17 - year - old boy in the buttocks , another hit tilson ' s son .  pierre , 15 , was trying to protect his sister , 13 , from the other boy .  tilson was arrested on several charges , including aggravated assault and cruelty to children .
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out .  the 35 - year - old was one of three brits arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south - west coast of ireland .  thomas britteon , 28 , also received eight years for the same charges .
malijah grant , 1 , was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala at an intersection in kent , washington .  her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire .  authorities don ' t believe the shooting was random , though neither parent was injured .  two male suspects are now being sought by police .
viktoria ' s crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father barles charkley on the site of the lion king ' s father , mufasa .  mr charkley posted the video to his facebook page , which has so far garnered more than four million views .
jonny howson opened the scoring in the 57th minute to put norwich ahead early in the second half .  graham dorrans sealed the tie with a late goal and made up for his late penalty miss .  the 26 - year - old was an academy product and leeds ' youngest captain since billy bremner .
naomi campbell and jourdan dunn have joined forces for burberry ' s new eyewear range , the gabardine collection .  the duo show off their razor - sharp cheekbones and flawless skin .
james may backtracked on top gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to sue perkins should ' kill themselves ' .  the great british bake off host was a favourite to replace jeremy clarkson after a flurry of bets .  may said : ' actually i don ' t actually want people to kill themselves but , really , we don  t want them as fans ' .  top gear will be stripped of all bbc branding and instead be presented as ' clarkson , hammond and may live ' .
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed truck in nelson , new zealand .  the couple now have a gorgeous , wood - lined home in a lot surrounded by trees and a babbling brook .
republican gov .  sam brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ' kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act ' on tuesday .  the law bans the so - called ' dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ' dism .  # # emberment a fetus ' .  planned parenthood of kansas and mid - missouri is also considering a lawsuit .
anarda de la caridad perez friman , 37 , is said to have been ' suffering from post - natal depression ' .  she allegedly stabbed john joseph shannon , 31 , the couple ' s six - week - old baby and her daughter , four .  mr shannon , from liverpool , had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children , but police now believe he suffered a ' psychotic incident ' .
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the arrow removal operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later .  a worker at the anaheim hills car wash befriended the bird several days ago by feeding it bread crumbs and was able to catch it and turn it over .
a four man team of armed guards now protects sudan the northern white rhino who is the last male of his species .  sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to 47 , 000 a kilo .
jurgen klopp announced he would leave borussia dortmund this summer .  arsenal won two bundesliga titles and reached the champions league final .  arsene wenger branded the obsession with the 47 - year - old ' s next move as a ' ridiculous circus ' .
nine members of the liana ' s ransom were scooped up by coast guard life boats on tuesday , leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland .  the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12 . 35 a . m . on monday , and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast . two lifeboat crews were dispatched from gloucester , massachusetts , to try and tow the vessel to shore , but 10 - foot swells caused a tow line to break .
glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season .  papiss cisse and olivier giroud have had their seasons interrupted by injury .  chelsea have four players in the top 10 , including andre schurrle .
jeremy clarkson , 54 , was fired from top gear in march after attacking a producer .  he has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say ' everyone ' s upset ' .  former presenter angela rippon , 70 , said it would be ' great ' if she were invited back .  ms rippon said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if she is invited .  she said : ' it ' s not as much , however , as i ' ll miss being there ' .
at least six men were arrested in california and minnesota by the fbi on sunday .  the arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety .  a somali mother said one of her sons was arrested at her house and the other was in san diego .  he was indicted for lying to the fbi during a terrorism investigation , conspiring to provide material support to the isis .
nadine crooks , 33 , was stunned to fall pregnant after being told she was infertile .  she stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son joshua 18 months ago .  the triplets will be siblings to roxanne , 18 , and zion , nine , and joshua , 18 months .
kelly parsons , 35 , from london , has donate 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive .  the mother - of - two has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy thanks to her willingness to go through the painful donation procedure .  she said : ' i ' m only a little part of making these babies .  i am sure the parents will probably curse me in the middle of the night when they have to do bottle feeds ' .
kym ackerman saw the son of god in an x - ray of one her left - side molars .  she saw the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist . the dentist didn ' t find any cavities during the check - up in flagstaff , arizona .
police have released cctv images of peter fox leaving liverpool lime street .  the 26 - year - old is believed to have fled to london after his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in bootle , merseyside .  sarah fox , 27 , died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .  police are now appealing for the public ' s help to track down mr fox .  bernadette and sarah ' s family are ' absolutely devastated ' at their loss .
jordan spieth leads charley hoffman by five strokes , matching the largest halfway lead in masters history .  to shoot 14 under , the lowest two - round score recorded at a major championship , isn  t boring .  to equal to the best 36 - hole score at augusta , we may be watching a sporting phenomenon as breathtaking as tiger woods  arrival in 1997 .
the antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells .  as a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody saw a 300 - fold reduction in their viral load .  scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe their findings offer new strategies for fighting or even preventing hiv infection .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will find out if their last - ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed .  a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair  s lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodo  s decision to deny the two australians clemency .  the pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of nusakaesianmbanga with seven other prisoners .
carlos tevez is under contract until the end of next season .  the former manchester united , manchester city and west ham striker wants to finish his career at boca juniors in argentina .  tevez ' s international manager tata martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on the player ' s future .
mindfulness - based cognitive therapy ( mbct ) teaches people to focus on the present moment .  it has similar outcomes as anti - depressants when treating the mental disorder .  mindfulness is a growing movement based on ancient eastern traditions of meditation .
alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma .  the tasmanian - born designer has had part of her foot removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh .  if she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal .  hill is taking a three - month break from her new clothing label - louise love .
raheem sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool .  the 20 - year - old has been called avaricious , disloyal and impressionable .  he has not signed the lucrative new contract that the club have put in front of him .
deion sanders , who is a sophomore at southern methodist university , wrote on twitter thursday ; ' gotta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning .  if my doughnutnuts don ' t come in a plain white box , i ' re a huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff ! lolololol .  son .  sanders won super bowls with the dallas cowboys and san francisco 49ers while also managing to play in the 1992 world series with the atlanta braves .
joshua corbett appeared in court today for charges of stalking and breaking into her home in june .  the oscar - winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic .  ' i ' m in my closet .  i have a safe door , ' corbett , breathing heavily , is heard telling the dispatcher .  security footage showed corbett outside corbett ' s gate each of the three days before his arrest . a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for corbett to stand trial .
luke shambrook has been going to the candlebark campground at lake eildon national park since he was just one year old .  the 11 - year - old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing on friday .  his parents have vowed to take him back to the campground for more holidays .
roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class .  the college senior was actually completing a project , in which he had to violate a societal norm .  but that didn ' t stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act .  ' y ' all this guy is making a sandwich with a george foreman in class , ' britt reynolds tweeted on monday .
ventus x has a built - in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory .  some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body  s flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers  bodies and prepare the body for physical activity .
aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives .  the lib dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts .  strategists admit they struggle to compete in the ' air war ' as labour and the tories dominate the tv and radio bulletins .
bastian schweinsteiger suffered an ankle injury during bayern munich ' s 1 - 0 win over borussia dortmund on saturday .  the holding midfielder will miss bayern ' s german cup quarter - final against bayer leverkusen on wednesday .  the bavarians are already without top scorer arjen robben , david alaba , holger badstuber and franck ribery .
lorna c . beckett , chair of the rupert brooke society , has turned them into a chronological narrative , adding the background information we need , plus her own comments .  more than 100 letters exchanged between brooke and an art student called phyllis gardner , together with her secret memoir of their relationship , written in 1918 .  brooke  s death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster - boy of heroic self - sacrifice .
tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission .  they took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of miss williams ' s bald head and another of miss versey ' s chest scar .  miss williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma this month and regularly documented her struggle with losing hair .
the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter ' s pregnancy in a new chapter for her memoir , hard choices .  she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans .
arsenal face arsenal in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .  the trophy was on show at alton towers theme park in staffordshire .  arsene wenger ' s side lost 3 - 2 to eventual winners cardiff in 1927 .
mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last april .  he defrauded the taxman of 450 , 000 and was ordered to pay 2 . 2million .  his nine - year scam was exposed after police raided his birmingham home .
judy , 55 , doesn ' t play tennis to stay in shape , ' because my life is saturated with it ' .  instead , she tries anything from dancing , to pilates , to walking in the hills or gardening .
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice .  tapping the option under smart lock will take users to the google app ' s settings .  the face unlock feature was originally introduced in 2011 as part of android 4 . 0 , also known as ice cream sandwich .
the video , which surfaced on reddit on monday evening , shows quaid  famed for roles in blockbusters such as wyatt earp , any given sunday and the day after tomorrow .  quaid , the younger brother of fellow actor randy , calls his co - workers unprofessional , zombies and pussies .  as one voice off camera tries to calm the actor down , quaid shouts , ' don ' t f * * king dennis me ' before storming off the set .
two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects .  lack of traditional meat proteins can be put down to population expansion .
kate ' s real due date is today or tomorrow , according to one well - placed source .  the duchess was speaking during an engagement in london last month .  she said that her second child is due ' mid to late april ' during a visit .  the same is the favourite but the 25th remains a favourite with punters .
robert f kennedy jr sparked controversy tuesday when he compared childhood vaccinations to a holocaust . at a screening of the documentary trace amounts , the nephew of president john f kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill which would make childhood immunizations mandatory .  the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children .
us researchers say very few weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims . results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them .  but a handful - including weight watchers , the atkins diet , jenny craig and nutrisystem - do appear to be effective , according to long - term studies .
australian charities and not - for - profits commission made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday .  the organisation is run by prominent brisbane anti - vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger .  dr tenpenny was due to speak at a number of events in brisbane , sydney , adelaide , melbourne and the gold coast .
nicola sturgeon ' s dress divided opinion on twitter during last night ' s debate .  she wore the opinion - splitting outfit for her appearance on bbc contenders ' debate .
model jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by belle gibson ' s deception .  ' i am so disappointed and shocked and on every level , this is so irresponsible .  i followed her on her blog , on her app , it ' s really disappointing , ' gibson said on the today show .  in a series of interviews published in the australian women ' s weekly , gibson said she feared for her family ' s safety .
robbie fowler is among the names of the best premier league strikers of all time .  the former liverpool , leeds and manchester city hitman broke on to the scene as a goalscoring sensation at anfield in 1993 .  fowler featured alongside the great dane during a brief spell together at manchester city .
manchester united beat city twice in the premier league last month .  marouane fellaini opened the scoring for the hosts with a thumping header .  chris smalling showed his hunger to beat a lethargic city defence .  the red devils used to bully them , demoralise them and embarrass them .
guo kai and girlfriend dong hui had been planning to get married this month .  but dong was diagnosed with bone cancer and admitted to hospital .  formal ceremony had to be postponed because she is bedridden in hospital .  dong has set 24 alarms on his phone to make sure he does not forget .
paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to singapore ' s 50th anniversary of independence .  the four koalas will be on loan to singapore for six months at a purpose - built enclosure in singapore zoo .  the lone pine sanctuary in brisbane is the world ' s biggest koala sanctuary with over 130 of the creatures .
sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear .  sue perkins received a barrage of abuse on twitter when her name was mentioned for the role , along the lines of : ' men do cars , women do cake ' .
steven sloan , joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington .  filming from the boat , steven captured the orcas swimming from afar  two of them can be seen jumping from the water .  one of the group states that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them .
milton vieira severiano , 32 , shot his wife cicera alves de sena , 29 , in the face five times .  he later confessed to killing her because he was jealous of men looking at her .  he then dumps her on the ground before grabbing her by the hair another 10 times .  police found four handguns , a shotgun and a bullet proof vest in his car .
lynne abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night ' s hour - long debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia .  the former philadelphia district attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights .  mayoral candidate nelson diaz came to abraham ' s aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .  abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won ' t impact her campaign .
a red ute with p - plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection .  three young people are seen getting out of the vehicle as they try to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road .  driving expert ian luff was disgusted with the behaviour after watching the disturbing footage .  the ute motorist has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $ 2000 fine .
charlotte crosby , 24 , has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes .  her co - stars vicky pattison , 27 , holly hagan , 22 , and marnie simpson have also dropped the pounds over the past 12 months .
jessica cleland , from wallan , victoria , was 19 when she took her own life on easter saturday last year , after receiving facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying they hated her .  her parents are now desperate to see a change within victoria  s government and the state ' s police so that those found guilty of cyber bullying face serious consequences .  jessica ' s parents are campaigning for anti - bullying laws to be taken more seriously .
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving .  the staged event used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene .  playing the drunk driver in a tuxedo was illini bluffs high school senior sam giftos who stumbled out of the vehicle with fake blood cans down his face as beer cans lined the street .
asmir begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium .  stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of begovic as he approaches the final year of his contract .  begovic ' s deputy jack butland recently extended his contract until 2019 while manager mark hughes also agreed new terms on an extension .
woman , 84 , was helping her husband park when car accelerated into her .  she suffered a serious head injury and suffered injuries to her throat and legs .  one onlooker said the woman was ' covered in blood ' .  police want to speak to her once she is out of the coma .
the fire , reported shortly after 6pm saturday , was sparked by a cooking stove .  hundreds of people were told to evacuate the are area over the weekend .  by midday , fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire .
officers found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs .  canines appeared to have been killed with blows to the head , police said .  owner chinese van ruilonc admitted to making snacks from dog meat .  he is reportedly one of a group of chinese businessmen in rio de janeiro .
footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman licking a baby boy on the face and nose .  at one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash .
leo grand created trees and cars after patrick mcconlogue offered him a deal : $ 100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons .  grand is still living on the streets .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter - final at ewood park .  brendan rodgers ' side lost by a combined total of 6 - 2 across the two games .  the premier league offered an opportunity for getting into the top - four without luis suarez and often in the absence of daniel sturridge .
rangers beat hearts 2 - 1 in their premier league clash on sunday .  kenny miller and haris vuckic scored for the gers .  stuart mccall admits he is starting to trust his players the more and more .
the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage .  every inch of the house is creatively designed to reflect the fantastical story .
ricky gervais posted picture of rebecca francis lying next to dead giraffe .  francis , a grandmother - of - nine , won reality tv show extreme huntress in 2010 . 14 , 543 people retweeted it - with some even tweeting they hoped she dies ' a lonely , painful death ' .
jerry grayson travelled 23 , 000 miles to find every aircraft he flew in .  the 59 - year - old was once the youngest pilot to join the navy in 1979 .  he was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the fastnet yacht race .  one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping for posh campers .
revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above the fire .  seconds later they throw themselves into the flames while a hindu priest throws oil to intensify the inferno . locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided .
siem de jong played 72 minutes for the club ' s under - 21s on tuesday .  the 26 - year - old has only made one league start this season .  de jong is in contention for a seat on the bench at st james ' park .
josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson were killed on monday in bonney lake . 50 - foot - long concrete slab slammed down on top of family ' s pickup truck .  damage to pickup truck was so great it took them hours to extract the bodies .  shockingly , authorities thought only one person was killed by the impact .  former u . s . transport secretary ray lahood said there are 70 , 000 bridges structurally deficient across the nation .
channel 7 allowed the name hugh g . rection to appear on the screen .  twitter users were quick to identify the blunder .  the royal children  s hospital  s good friday appeal managed to rake in over $ 17 . 1 million that will be put towards vital research and facilities to benefit their young patients .
puppy bonnie is so afraid to eat alone that she can ' t eat alone .  new owner feeds her a dish of food away from his other dog clyde .  due to extreme poverty , puerto rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs .
douglas bader was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg .  he was involved in a mass break - out that pre - dated the break in 1944 immortalised in the great escape starring steve mcqueen and richard attenborough .  bader ' s story has already been the subject of the successful film reach for the sky in 1956 starring kenneth more .
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras .  fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket - sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re - learning how to use them .  when play begins on thursday , fans will have to put them back on the shelves .
luxury concierge service , bluefish , offers chance to dive 12 , 500ft below the surface of the atlantic ocean .  guests will stay aboard the akademik keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the titanic up close .
manny pacquiao appeared on mario lopez ' s extra programme on wednesday .  the filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $ 300million superfight against floyd mayweather on may 2 .  the pair know each other from training in the same gym .
lewis helget , 27 , met his son lewis , 18 , in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident .  the former soldier ' s daughter cally , 15 , created a facebook page for him .  mr goddard , from emsgtoke , hants , thought he would never see his son again .  he was finally reunited with his father in march after 25 years apart .  he says his life is now ' complete ' after seeing his 27 - year - old son .
the note was posted by airline pilot jai dillon on twitter .  he was shown the a4 by a colleague aboard his aircraft in the french alps .  in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2 , 000 shares and ' favourites ' .  the photo currently has over 3 , 700 shares and has been favourited almost 3 , 000 times .
jamie carragher received a beacon award for his community work on merseyside on tuesday night .  the former liverpool defender backed brendan rodgers to stay at anfield after a third straight season without a trophy .  liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season .
the 99 . 7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like .  the testing kit , on sale online , uses a small amount of blood from a finger - prick sample to detect the presence of hiv antibodies .  treatments available mean hiv is now a manageable disease  but late diagnosis can have a devastating impact on health and life expectancy .
more than 60 per cent of americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes .  general mess , dated carpets and kitchens rank highest on the list of embarrassments .  more than half of the participants admitted it is their friends whom they try to avoid inviting over , while 38 per cent worry they will never get their home to the point where they are no longer ashamed .
narcocon , a church of scientology - backed drug rehab network , is trying to prove that a patch of land near camp david is historic enough .  opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40 - acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous .
scientists from the university of wollongong are designing ultra - durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all .  the contraceptive is made with hydrogel , a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue .  the groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self - lubrication , topical drug delivery and even electric conductivity .
pope francis urged international community not to ' look the other way ' .  he asked for ' tangible help ' from communities all over the world .  but stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken .  he said the international community must not stand ' mute ' as christians having basic human rights taken away because of their faith .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 2 at old trafford .  ashley young , marouane fellaini , mata and chris smalling scored .  sergio aguero opened the scoring for the red devils .
inspection in welshpool and llandrindod wells accused of being too lax .  lax approach meant parking in evenings had become a ' free for all ' .  powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets to break even .
fc united of manchester ' s new 5 , 000 - capacity broadhurst park is nearing completion in the seventh tier of english football .  general manager andy walsh says the new ground is a symbol of what football supporters can achieve if they are given the opportunity .  broadhurst will host benfica for the official official opening on may 29 .
manchester derby will be more like el clasico , with 14 native spanish - speaking players due to be involved .  eight of united ' s first - team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish speaking countries .  nine english - speakers are expected to be in the two sides ' respective 18 - man squads .
chancellor warns of a ' dangerous cocktail ' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon .  she demanded mps have a say over the running of the whole of the uk .  she unveiled a 140billion ' ransom note ' for britain to drag labour to the left .  ms sturgeon named her price for supporting labour in any post - election deal .
motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire .  they spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and spotted the nearside back window was open .  at the last minute they spotted the caravan ' s window open with just seconds to spare .  the pair were forced to dive out of the way with seconds to go .  gloucestershire constabulary ' s road policing unit tweeted : ' we were seconds away from being beheaded on m5 ' .
new yorker amanda chatel is pushing for ' yes means yes ' laws to be passed in states across the country .  the law is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra ' no means no ' .
michael easy , 29 , sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run .  posted photographs of himself on facebook posing in a platinum wig .  image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police .  officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months .  he is now facing the next four months in jail for breaching a restraining order .
saturday night live skewered the news that hillary clinton would be announcing her presidential campaign on social media this week .  the former secretary of state , played by kate mckinnon , and one of her advisers , discuss how she will declare her intentions at noon on sunday .  the show portrayed the 67 - year - old as aggressive and driven , saying things like ; ' citizens , you will elect me ' .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , a married mother of three from philadelphia , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .  during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d . page reportedly asked ' what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest .
hull city are fourth - bottom of the premier league with one of the toughest run - ins facing them .  steve bruce said all players ' contracts have been set up to protect the club financially in the event of relegation .  hull city have the third - lowest total wage bill in 2013 / 14 , with only leicester and burnley paying less overall .  bruce hopes mo diame will recover from a training knock to face crystal palace at the weekend .
sandra mathis , 52 , was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48 - year - old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument .  the victim was taken to ucsd medical center , where he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later .  police said there was no history of domestic violence between the couple down - on - their - luck .
former california governor arnold schwarzenegger said the new laws are ' distracting and divisive ' for the republican party .  he said the defining problem is that republicans are focusing on the wrong issues , in a move that will only hurt the gop and further alienate voters .  the legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry , with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays and causing boycotts of the state .
celtic retained their seven - point lead at the top of the scottish premiership .  thistle midfielder james craigen had been shown a straight red card for a ' last man ' foul on hoops midfielder stuart armstrong .  stefan johansen added a second in the 63rd minute to give celtic a 1 - 0 win .
group of eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith .  haben , 19 , told mailonline : ' we had to deny our faith otherwise the gunmen would kill us , slit our throats and cut off our heads ' .  he and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily a week ago , just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized .
bayern munich lost 3 - 1 to porto in their champions league quarter - final .  franz beckenbauer was speaking in new york to mark new media agreement with msn .  the german legend said dante was playing as if he were wearing ' ski boots ' .
faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping .  the little girl is believed to be named aliya .  she was found alone near the forest preserve in prospect heights , illinois .
scientists have been able to test how much energy is required to strip an atom from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium .  the results of new research suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium , which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body the periodic table .  if it is redrawn , it means that chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear .
juan arango was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban .  the venezuelan icon sank his teeth into the shoulder of jesus zavela .  arango earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring club tijuana level .
real madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on javier hernandez .  the 26 - year - old has scored three times in his last two games .  carlo ancelotti said the european champions will take stock of hernandez ' s situation at the end of the season .
lib dem leader listed reasons why different groups are ' p * * * off ' and have deserted the party since 2010 .  he blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they didn ' t want to take any ' responsibility ' .  he said going in with tories meant it was ' inevitable ' that support would fall in ' anti - conservative ' parts of britain .
roberto mancini ' s relationship with manchester city was rooted in his dismay at the quality of english players signed by the club .  how do city buy enough top english players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking fpp regulations again .
floyd mayweather invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast . chef q has helped the 38 - year - old with his strict organic food diet .  mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the biggest fight in boxing history .
the unnamed 13 - year - old from medina , ohio , gave out $ 100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend ' s house after school , where he also showered adults with cash .  the children , and adults who were also given money , went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway , which began last wednesday .  some $ 7 , 000 has been recovered , as well as some of the items the boy and his friends had bought with it .
colin graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ecb chairman .  graves has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever .  the 34 - year - old has become the loose cannon of english cricket  and he has yet to take up office .
david luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring against marseille .  the brazilian will miss the champions league quarter - final against barcelona .  luiz could now be a doubt for the quarter - finals of the season .  click here for all the latest paris saint - germain news .
jason denayer is wanted back by manchester city for pre - season assessment .  the 19 - year - old is keen to pursue a first - team breakthrough after making his international debut for belgium last month .  ronny deila admits that won ' t happen in time for the first champions league qualifier on july 16 .
phone booths in beijing have been painted in the style of disney character baymax .  artist xiao wang said they wanted to raise a smile with burnt - out beijing residents who live stressful lives .  the 28 - year - old said he had witnessed three people take their own lives in just one month .  ' big hero 6 ' won the oscar for the best animated feature in february this year .
tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club to practice .  woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf .  the european ryder cup captain darren clarke practiced to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament .
luis suarez opened the scoring for paris saint - germain in the 79th minute .  neymar equalised for psg with a second - half header .  david luiz made it 3 - 0 before half - time with a header from salvatore sirigu ' s cross .
average british worker will sit through 6 , 239 meetings in their career .  one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting .  more than a quarter said they had made more than ten massive mistakes .
bjorn ulvaeus has unveiled his new musical project , a mamma mia .  it will open its doors a block away from the abba museum in central stockholm .  the venue is scheduled to open in january 2016 , and is a part restaurant , part stage show and part role play .
the hot pursuit star ' s lawyer said friday that the actress ' has never wanted to destroy her embryos ' .  however , she ' s not planning on using them either as she has moved on with her life , the attorney said .  vergara ' s legal representative spoke out after court documents published this week by in touch show loeb wants a judge to order that the female embryos may not be destroyed .
michael o ' leary made the vow in an interview with a french weekly .  he said its average fare could be as low as 40 ( approximately 26 ) next year .  mr o  leary said he despises the ' french political class ' , but loves france and the french .  he ridiculed air france for last year  s pilots  strike , which reportedly cost the airline hundreds of millions of millions .
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england .  trott was forced to head home to an uncertain future after he reached ' breaking point ' in brisbane .  england face west indies on monday .
oratilwe hlongwane , from johannesburg , south africa , is still learning to put together words but is already able to select and play music from a laptop .  his recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of johannesburg gathered a large crowd as he bopped his head to the beat , with large headphones slung around his neck .
kevin de bruyne ' s agent expects to go ' around the world ' .  wolfsburg midfielder has attracted interest from manchester city , bayern munich and paris saint - germain .  de koster has confirmed he held talks with manchester city earlier this season .
zaur dadaev is one of five chechan men who have been accused of killing boris nemstov .  he says he was abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder .  the outspoken politician was shot in the back four times on a bridge in moscow .
jenson button completed the london marathon with an impressive time of two hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds .  the mclaren driver was running on behalf of the charity cancer research .  button praised the ' amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
research for trade magazine the grocer found just 32 per cent of uk consumers have heard of campylobacter germs .  many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves .  more than 70 % of britons rightly identified chicken as the main source of food poisoning .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and her husband , vili fualaau , 31 , will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with barbara walters on 20 / 20 on friday .  the couple first met when he was 12 and went on to have a sexual relationship when she was a 12 - year - old sixth - grade student .  after she served a seven - year prison term for the relationship , they married and now have two children together .
a woman known only by her email address as missiesmile21 has taped posters to the city ' s light posts .  the ' love call ' notices are posted at traffic lights on sydney ' s george street .  most people gave up on their umbrellas in winds of more than 100 km / hr .
johannes stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon .  the 37 - year - old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots .  he can take weeks to plan one of his pieces and hours to paint it .
mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways .  he wants us simply to understand his passion for his job .
the ethical maldives alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well - known hotels .  hotels are coded as ' low risk ' and orange hued businesses are ' under consideration ' depending on their ties to corruption .  the group claims that the ' red ' or ' orange ' resorts are directly or indirectly linked to human rights abuses .
thief posed as a member of the congregation of st james ' church in manchester .  he targeted an 82 - year - old woman but she heard him rustling in her purse .  as he fled the church , he tried to steal the contents of two other handbags .  police have described the incident as ' appalling ' and have released an e - fit image .
nico rosberg finished second to mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton .  the german driver blamed hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up .  rosberg ' s attitude changed in the aftermath of his crash with hamilton .
the image shows a distant cluster of about 3 , 000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar ' breeding ground ' called gum 29 , 20 , 000 light - years from earth .  in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars .  it  s estimated that the telescope can continue operating until 2020 , when it will overlap with the james webb space telescope , which is set to launch in 2018 .
matt giteau has not played for australia since he missed out on selection for the 2011 world cup in new zealand .  the 32 - year - old has been an outstanding force in toulon ' s back - to - back heineken cup triumphs and top 14 title success last season .  australia will pick ' elite ' players based abroad , providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home .
rafael nadal beat nicolas almagro 6 - 3 6 - 1 to reach the barcelona open third round .  the world no 4 and second seed was watched by barcelona forward neymar in the crowd .  nadal will play kei nishikor of italy or russian qualifier andrey rublev on thursday .
craig lister , 54 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 .  he is about ten to 12 flushes a day , and six to eight at night .  hormone therapy is the first offered to men with advanced prostate cancer .  in england alone , 13 , 000 men receive the treatment every year .
rae johnston is known for dressing up as wonder woman in her spare time .  the 33 - year - old sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year ' s oz comic - con .  the trend has exploded online and at conventions across the globe .
60 per cent of prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria .  e . coli , mrsa , salmonella and vibrio can cause serious food poisoning .
sophie thomas wore a shirt with the word ' feminist ' on it for class photo day .  the eighth grader had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems . school principal kendra young said the word was removed to ' prevent any unintended controversies ' .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second - degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris .  the retired deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on april 2 .  bates ' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer .
stewart brand , president of the whole earth catalogue , believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful .  instead he argues that the rate of discovery of new species was currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction .  his views are likely to be controversial with conservationists warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on earth in an event to rival the extinction of the dinosaurs .
news corp australia ceo julian clarke was peppered with questions about why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi - million dollar loss .  greens senator christine milne flatly told the inquiry , ' you and i won ' t agree on that ' .  mr clarke also rejected allegations recently published by fairfax media alleging $ 4 . 5 billion had been siphoned from mr murdoch ' s operations to the united states virtually tax free .
bon apetit has revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread .  it doesn ' t matter if the water is hot or cold but you should try to keep the cut edge away from the direct flow of water .  when you have wet your bread put it in the oven for between 6 and 13 minutes depending on how large and how wet the loaf is .
lexi thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of the may edition of golf digest . the lpga player appeared in the women ' s u . s . open when she was just 12 .  at the time she was the youngest - ever winner of an lpga tournament - 16 years , seven months , and eight days .  lpga tour commissioner mike whan said he was ' disappointed ' to put paulina gretzky on the cover .
martin odegaard expected to go out on loan from real madrid .  martin montoya is not considered to be the long - term replacement for dani alves .  fabio coentrao is one of the biggest mysteries of real madrid ' s transfer policy in recent years .
manchester city lost 4 - 2 to city at old trafford on sunday .  wayne rooney has revealed that united ' s game plan is to target city ' s work - shy midfield .  the premier league champions are considering letting the likes of yaya toure and samir nasri leave in the summer .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 years old .  the 27 - year - old will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 .  the alleged offences date from 30 december 2014 to 26 february 2015 .
travel site wanderbat has found qatar airways the world ' s most reliable airline .  followed closely by emirates and china eastern , the top three airlines showed how the gulf and asia are dominated the travel market .  british airways ranked in eighth place as the only uk airline to make the list .
philadelphia beat new york city fc 2 - 1 in first major league soccer victory of the season .  vincent nogueira scored in the 55th minute to round off a 2 - 2 draw for the red bulls .  sanna nyassi scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute .
sunday ' s trip to loftus road marks chelsea  s 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich .  jose mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team .  if the first 699 games under russian rule has established chelsea at the top of english and european football , they will supply them as standard bearers .
workers in pingjiang county , hunan province , have been pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground .  they spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway .  officials hope the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area , as they flock to walk along the scenic route .
bill gates , the founder of microsoft and philanthropist , says the world ' s demand for meat can be met with ' moderation and innovation ' .  he says some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated .  professor amit gefen , a bioengineer at tel aviv university , hopes to have produced ' a recipe for how to culture chicken cells ' by the end of the year .
king willem - alexander and his wife maxima were joined by well - wishers in the trading city of dordrecht .  koningsdag - or king ' s day - is a public holiday in the south - west of the country .  the couple ' s three daughters , catharina - amalia , princess of orange , 11 , and princess ariane , eight , were also aboard .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract at liverpool .  the 20 - year - old was one of four players at the launch of next season ' s new balance kit in front of over 1 , 000 fans .  sterling has been linked with a number of europe ' s top clubs .
researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human .  it uses a process known as ' natural language generation ' ( nlg ) these computer - generated weather updates are being tested by scientists at heriot - watt university and university college london .  if the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the mailonline ' s website .
jose mourinho is planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder koke .  the club ' s technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday to watch the 23 - year - old during atletico ' s 2 - 1 victory against deportivo .  koke ' s release clause is around 50million and chelsea could offer filipe luis in a part - exchange deal .
diego costa injured his hamstring in the win over stoke city on april 4 .  jose mourinho hinted that loic remy should return from a calf injury .  chelsea currently enjoy a seven - point lead in the premier league .
manchester city are top of the league with six games to go .  city have lost four of their past six premier league games and five in 2015 .  city are currently in a pursuit for the last spot in the top four .
nicola sturgeon said she would form an anti - tory alliance with labour .  snp could win as many as 50 mps in scotland - allowing mr miliband to become prime minister even if he falls far short of a majority . comments came as labour slipped four points behind the tories in latest polls .
manchester united travel to chelsea in the premier league on saturday .  louis van gaal ' s side travel to london to face chelsea at stamford bridge .  juan mata is returning to the home of his former club for the first time .  luke shaw and radamel falcao could both be recalled against jose mourinho .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
justin carney dislocated his elbow in castleford ' s 25 - 4 win over hull kr .  castleford coach daryl powell said carney will be out for six to eight weeks .  james clare expected to take carney ' s place against widnes on sunday .
michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer ' s ashes test series .  the 34 - year - old has not played for england since the fifth test . pietersen has signed for surrey with the intent of scoring the runs which would earn him a recall .
inxs guitarist kirk pingelly and surfing champion wife layne beachly won case against neighbour wendy goyer .  the couple ' s three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $ 2 . 6 million and features extensive views of freshwater and queenscliff beaches .  justice rachel pepper dismissed ms goyer ' s case on wednesday .
sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet scored for england against france .  fulham ' s patrick roberts was on target but it wasn ' t enough to qualify .  sean o ' driscoll ' s team missed out on this summer ' s european championship finals in greece .
for more than 2 , 000 years , invaders have been fighting over glorious kefalonia .  myrtos beach , as well as many inland villages , are seen on the road to fiscardo .
jared mccarroll at m restaurant and grill says the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping .  when buying steaks buy the best meat , can afford , he advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal .  the best steaks are one to 1 . 5 - inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker .
charlotte briggs , seven , was refused a place at lydgate junior school in sheffield .  her mother lynne , 49 , claims taking her daughter to school and back would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job .
daniel sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for liverpool ' s fa cup semi - final against newcastle united on monday night .  brendan rodgers has admitted that his star striker will have his fitness monitored ahead of the clash at wembley .  liverpool are already without mamadou sakho , adam lallana and mario balotelli through injury and illness but retain hopes of a top four spot in the premier league .
ronda rousey has made it clear she is in pacquiao ' s camp in the lead up to the fight .  the ufc women ' s bantamweight champion said she was ' truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person ' .  rousey recently starred in the film fast and furious 7 .
ronan ghosh , 39 , stole 200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco store .  the company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of 16million .  but he was caught on cctv shoplifting after heading to the store following an argument with his girlfriend .  ghosh initially elected trial by jury but then pleaded guilty to theft .  judge imposed a 12 - month community order on him and told him to complete 80 hours ' unpaid work and pay 575 costs .
giant turnip weighs 33lbs and is so big it had been nicknamed the ' fat little girl ' in the village where it was grown .  it is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in china but usually they are grown by farmers using commercial fertilizers .
fireman stephen hunt , 38 , lost his life tackling fire at paul ' s hair world in manchester ' s northern quarter on july 13 , 2013 .  girl , 16 , said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near shop ' s fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight .  she was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered , but was cleared having been due to stand trial on monday .
taronga zoo ' s elephants had a special treat for breakfast on friday .  the pumpkins were served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo .  the 728kg monster was the biggest pumpkin ever seen in australasia .
volvo teamed up with a sweden - based start - up to make life paint .  it contains powder - fine reflective particles designed to react to a car  s headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark .  some of these are now on sale on ebay for 45 ( $ 66 ) at the time of writing .
roma drew 1 - 1 at home to relegation - threatened atalanta in serie a . francesco totti gave roma the lead from the penalty spot in the third minute .  roma closed the gap to five points when they beat cagliari later on sunday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
pedro would command 90 , 000 - a - week wages  10 , 000 less than liverpool have offered their 20 - year - old winger .  pedro would also cost considerably less than sterling would sell for .  liverpool boss brendan rodgers has scouted pedro and could make a move for the spain international .
lianna barrientos , 39 , has been married ten times .  her first marriage took place in 1999 , with most recent being in 2010 .  she was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first .
will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker .  the 26 - year - old has spent only $ 100 a week on all of his expenses .  the british backpacker is now making money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands .  he has herded goats in the middle east , run beer - pong tables in laos and done more than my fair share of flyering in cambodia .
wojciech szczesny says adam federici was ' the best player on the pitch ' .  arsenal beat arsenal 2 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .  the australian allowed alexis sanchez ' s driven shot to slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra - time .
the agreement was announced on tuesday by a judge in an orlando , florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because lolita grayson was married to another man .  the democrat and highly successful trial lawyer , said his wife ' s marriage to robert carson was not dissolved until 1994 in broward county , florida .  court papers put alan grayson ' s worth at $ 31 million .
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday .  the holland international jetted to england with his agent kees ploegsma .  united face opposition from paris saint - germain while liverpool have also expressed an interest .
edwin mee , 46 , served with the special forces in iraq and afghanistan .  he allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged 15 to their early twenties .  he denies the allegations and says he has ' never raped any person in my life ' .
robert ' bob ' burns jr died late friday in a single - vehicle crash near cartersville , georgia .  burns ' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve , striking a mailbox and a tree .  burns was one of five people who founded the band in jacksonville , florida , and played on its first two albums .
the martin burgess clock b is based on a design by carpenter john harrison .  it has been part of a 100 - day trial at the royal observatory , in greenwich .  when it was measured using a radio - controlled clock , which received the national time signal , and the bt speaking clock .  the clock has since been certified by the guinness world records .
barbara anne beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in greenville on january 2 .  the coroner ' s office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect .  prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members .
fbi agent ' s sniper rifle was ripped out of his car ' s window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot .  police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger - side window , tying a rope around the rifle case ' s handle or a cable lock .  the window frame of the car was pulled from the door , which police believe could indicate the large case was ripped through the shattered window .
queen margrethe of denmark was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 .  the danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to fredensborg castle for a gala banquet .  danish prime minister helle thorning - schmidt cut a glamorous figure in a heavily sequinned black and nude dress .
jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be ' highly intoxicated ' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on april 14 .  the men were arguing over which phone was better than the other .  the pair , covered in blood , were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body .
police said three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where corinthians ' fan group pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass .  they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head .  an eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a hospital where he died .
saudi forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances .  prince alwaleed bin talal has promised to give each pilot a free bentley .  he apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .
heida reed , 27 , stars in the period drama as poldark ' s former lover elizabeth .  she said turner , 31 , was being ' objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female .  the icelandic actress ' s comments follow overwhelming interest in turner ' s physique .
tipper lewis , 43 , from london , has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years .  credits the likes of chia seeds , bee pollen and matcha green tea with her good health .  credits her wrinkle - free skin , boundless energy and the fact that she doesn ' t even have a doctor are surely testament to the power .
charles piutau will join ulster on a two - year deal from july 2016 .  the 23 - year - old has won 14 caps for the all blacks .
liverpool forward danny welbeck was spotted arriving at the manchester arena to watch nicki minaj perform .  jose enrique was joined by team - mates alberto moreno and mamadou sakho at the concert .  the reds beat the reds 4 - 1 at the emirates on saturday night .  brendan rodgers ' side are seven points off the top of the premier league .
latika bourke had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire .  she was moved by the entry log with two photos of her as a baby .  it took her another three years to make it to india in 2012 and she has been ' absolutely obsessed ' with her mother country .
neil patrick harris and david burtka ' s twins prefer much more foodie - approved fare than the average four - year - old .
samantha armytage interviewed non - identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world .  the 37 - year - old congratulated lucy on ' getting her dad ' s fair skin , ' saying ' good on her ' .  co host david ' kochie ' koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in the family ' s direction .  armytage and sunrise vehemently deny the claims .
notts county beat arsenal 2 - 0 in their super league opener on thursday .  laura bassett and alex greenwood almost run into each other , causing confusion at the free kick .  white missed a penalty which would have made it late on , before arsenal hit back to rescue a point .  chioma ubogagu netted a debut goal to earn a point for arsenal .
lazio beat napoli 1 - 0 in the coppa italia semi - final .  senad lulic scored the only goal of the game .  rafael benitez ' s side are now sixth in the serie a table .
noise levels are being tested on the rollercoaster at flambards .  the 1 , 000 - resident development is proposed for next door to the theme park .  developer david martin has applied for outline planning permission for 480 houses and access road on a series of fields .
the australian air transport safety bureau ( atsb ) released its report on wednesday into the ' wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 at jabiru airport , southeast of darwin .  the unidentified pilot was flying a six - seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh - tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers .  the pilot also reported that the children were ' excited and a little disruptive ' during the flight .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .  the fight has been billed as the fight of the century by joe calzaghe .  tickets for the fight finally go on sale on thursday night .
new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny .  when she asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing , opting to partake in the apparently - popular ' no poo ' movement .
lawrence booth has launched a stinging attack on the ecb ' s handling of kevin pietersen .  the wisden editor is scathing about england ' s decision to sack alastair cook as one - day captain on the drink of what turned out to be the most disastrous world cup in england history .
jean pockett is the widow of private arthur pockett , who fought with australian forces on the western front during the first world war .  she is one of 10 world war one widows who have travelled to gallipoli for the dawn service on saturday .  mrs pockett said she didn ' t feel so well and had to see the doctor .
tommy thompson , 62 , and girlfriend alison antekeier , 42 , have admitted contempt of court in columbus , ohio .  thompson was accused of cheating his 161 investors , who paid $ 12 . 7 million to find the ship , which sank off the carolina coast in 1857 .
worker was spotted on the roof 30 - feet above the ground on top of an edwardian semi - detached home in greenwich , south east london .  a local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles .  a building expert said the workman should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a much longer ladder with a harness .
images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media .  they show the victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back .  one of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a british jihadi who goes by the nom de guerre abu bakr al - britani .
the woman and child were stranded in their car in high water around 9 : 30 a . m . friday on a rural highway in lee county , kentucky .  residents on two floors of an apartment building in okolona , kentucky , were evacuated by the fire department .  a flash flood warning is in effect friday morning for north central kentucky .
sergey bubka is sebastian coe ' s rival for iaaf president .  the sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover - ups are rife in russian athletics .  the 51 - year - old said there was ' no acceptance for cheaters ' .
fc chernomorets odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship .  the club ' s general manager sergey kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around 67 , 000 .  those still on the book have seen their monthly salary slashed to 2 , 000 a month or less .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 2 at old trafford on sunday .  louis van gaal ' s side are four points clear of their cross - city rivals .  the dutch manager said that it is a great time to be a supporter .
joshua corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week .  he allegedly broke into sandra bullock ' s home last summer brandishing a love letter for the actress .  sandra , 50 , was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard .  corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .
amy hughes , 26 , started her first marathon in chester on august 6 .  she completed her 53rd consecutive run in manchester on september 27 .  incredibly , the challenge saw amy pound out 1 , 388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record .  the sports therapist also ran into a new relationship after she got close to long - term friend dave keighley - who was part of her support crew .
sarah hulbert , 59 , of auburn , worked for bates college in lewiston for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 .  hulbert claims she was treated differently from her male co - workers during her time as an assistant assistant .  she claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to ' gender discrimination ' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial .
about $ 70 , 000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern minnesota sometime between april 1 and april 7 .  the canister was worth about $ 500 , and the vials of semen were worth from $ 300 to $ 1 , 500 each .
manchester united to introduce living wage at old trafford in july .  in - house staff paid 7 . 85 an hour ( 9 . 15 an hour should they be based in london ) but united officials have decided to implement the salary a year early .  chelsea became the first professional club in england to pay a living wage .
jamie richardson , 38 , and daniel taylor , 37 , fined $ 3 , 000 for threatening behaviour .  one allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew .  the other passenger was accused of hitting himself on the head .
lisa erspamer ' s third collection of tributes , celebrities such as melissa rivers , will .  i . am , christy turlington burns , and kristin chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them .  the heartwarming epistolary book , which was published last week , has arrived just in time for mother ' s day .
administration officials as high up the rung as the president made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers , urging them to support the deal secretary of state john kerry negotiated with iran .  the president ' s spokesman said a two - week break in congressional activity has meant ' that ' s going to change today ' .  a senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill that would give congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping tehran from developing a nuclear weapon .
rotor volgograd is one of russia ' s leading clubs for the 2018 world cup .  the team were competing in the second division in the southern zone .  volgo - one of the 11 host cities for the world cup - did not play at the victory arena which will have a capacity of 45 , 000 spectators .  rotor famously beat manchester united in the uefa cup 20 years ago .
rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane on thursday morning .  the critter climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high - altitude poop .  macfarlane hasn ' t documented their previous appearances by raccoons .  the toronto city council is considering a $ 31million investment in new compost bins .
oscar ' papoo ' hernandez jr , 24 , has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his namesake ' s murder case .  hernandez , a rising star in the nfl with a $ 41million contract when he was arrested in june , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first - degree murder of the semi - professional football player in 2013 .
tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia , with his two children , sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend lindsey vonn .  vonn was dressed in a floor - length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton .  the masters tournament kicks off on thursday at 8am and a winner will be given the green jacket on sunday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
wayne rooney has been interviews by little ant and dec on itv ' s saturday night takeaway programme .  the england captain enjoyed a kick - around with neil overend and hayden reid - or little ant .  dec ' s ' little ' counterparts .  rooney admitted he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name in the streets .  the pair , aged eight and seven , joked : ' just like this ! that ' s the annoying part ! ' .
claims by the trussell trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false .  it emerged last night that the true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million .  the trust , which has 445 food banks run in its name , declared that ' more than one million people received three days ' food .
white havana cob cody was stuck in a ditch for six hours last friday .  it took 18 firefighters an hour - and - a - half to free him from the ditch .  owner tracey hannant , from bexleyheath , said her horse looked like black beauty .  the horse was taken to his stables to see a vet who gave him painkillers , vitamin injections and a booster .
just 8p in every 10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research .  just 11 per cent of research funding from government and charities allocated to the four conditions was allocated to cancer .  in comparison to cancer and coronary heart disease they are still poor relations , according to calculations by oxford university academics .  in 2012 , 157million was spent on cancer research by government bodies , down from 267million in 2008 .
peter moores says he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england ' s new director of cricket .  moores is sad to see the departure of paul downton , the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him the ' outstanding coach of his generation ' .  former england captain vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace downton .
elderflower fields festival will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year running .  the independent festival was created in 2012 by a team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown - ups .
chelsea host stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday ( 5 . 30pm ) diego costa may not be risked despite being passed fit following the international break .  john obi mikel will not be considered despite recovering from his knee problem .  marc muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem .
john higgins beat robert milkins 10 - 5 in the first round of the betfred world championship .  the crucible thoroughbreds led the scottish charge on sunday .  higgins has sprung back to competitive form this year , notably in taking the welsh open title to end a two - and - a - half - year major trophy drought .
six children were blindfolded and asked to pick their mum from a group of six women just by touch and scent .  the task was designed to understand the special bond between mother and child .  each child eventually locates their own , throwing their arms around them in recognition .  the video was released to celebrate australian and us mother ' s day on may 10 .
boy ' s mother frantically tried to open door when keys were locked inside .  she grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter - with no fresh air .  incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22 . 8c at st james ' s park in london .  officer pc resteghini smashed car ' s window with his baton .  he said : ' my wife put our son into the car seat in the back and closed the door ' .
margaret gretton , 46 , referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ' bombs and blowing up the school ' in an asian accent .  she even displayed a golly magnet in her office and made ' monkey noises ' .  the national college for teaching and leadership in coventry ruled she ' exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' .
150 outgoing art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on wednesday night .  the tour ran for an hour after the nga was closed for the evening .  melbourne - based artist stuart ringholt has already been the guide on nude gallery tours at the museum of contemporary art in sydney and mona in tasmania .  ' everyone ' s all in it together , so it ' s not weird or anything , ' said one man who attended the tour .
summer elbardissy was partying at beta theta pi fraternity house .  she reportedly tried to reach a makeshift roof deck but fell out of a third - story window .  instead of making it onto the deck , she fell out , according to newly - released police reports .  moments later , another teenager heard what ' sounded like a thud ' .  she was forced to undergo intubation and had to relearn how to walk .  seven months on , she is apparently still recovering from the fall .
hillary clinton ' s aide huma abedin , 38 , spotted with husband anthony weiner and two - year - old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .  abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .  weiner , a former congressman , fell from grace after sending explicit images to women over twitter .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas .  the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage .  tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before falling and falling headfirst into the darkness .
raheem sterling ' never once ' told manager brendan rodgers he wants to leave .  sterling has not yet signed a new contract at the club .  but rodgers insists he has no worries about sterling departing in the summer .  liverpool face arsenal in the premier league on saturday .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
aer lingus flight ei 660 left dublin at 8 . 30am and was forced to land back at same airport at 9 . 20am .  it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency , and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause .  the incident was the second incident of the day at dublin airport after two ryanair planes collided breaking one of the winglets .
calvin harris ' s 70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as kylie minogue and sir cliff richard .  the very word  celebrity  flies in the face of everything kylie minogue stands for .  his credibility was bolstered by an ivor novello award for musician of the year .
thibaut verlinden is a highly regarded member of belgium ' s u16 squad .  the 15 - year - old has had trials with liverpool and everton .  stoke retain an interest in sunderland ' s lee cattermole .
grace joy roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her crib .  a ' safety ridge ' cut off oxygen supply to her brain , west sussex coroner ' s court heard .  the cot was endorsed by the national children ' s trust . the cause of death was given asphyxia , caused by the ridge cutting off the oxygen supply from grace ' s windpipe .
huw davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years .  he has three a - levels and 10 gcses on his cv .  despite his strong academic background , he has been unable to secure a job .  he says he ' hasn ' t got the foggiest ' about what he is doing wrong .
a family of four was enjoying a day out together in portland , maine .  the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed a racial slur at them before speeding off .  several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward .  she shared her account of the story on facebook as a ' reminder for us to be kinder to each other ' .
premier league announce final set of televised fixtures for 2014 - 15 season .  chelsea vs liverpool on may 10 and manchester united vs arsenal on may 17 are standout games .  the tv schedule for the final day of the season , sunday , may 24 , will be announced at a later date .
sergio aguero opened the scoring for manchester city in the 89th minute .  the argentine scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for city in 2012 .  the striker is settled in manchester and signed a new five - year deal .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters at augusta next week .  the leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round .  englishman justin rose continued his upturn in form with an encouraging round of 66 .  woods fuelled speculation he would return when he flew by private jet from florida to play a practice round last tuesday .
novak djokovic beat david ferrer 7 - 5 , 7 . 5 - 5 in the miami open semi - finals .  the world no 1 is set to face tomas berdych in his semi - final .  ferrer dominated the quarter - final early on but was unable to keep the pace .  the american made it back - to - back wins over top - 10 opponents .  fourth seed kei nishikori beat milos raonic 6 - 4 6 - 3 .
chelsea beat leicester city 2 - 1 in their premier league clash on sunday .  john terry scored a close - range goal to put chelsea on the brink .  jose mourinho ' s side will now face crystal palace at stamford bridge .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
victor wanyama ' s future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to arsenal .  ronald koeman says his players must show maturity , nous and respect .  koeman also claims arsenal were interested in his services were the catalyst .
luke bryant was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the pitch .  the 25 - year - old shrugged his shoulders at arsene wenger before being taken away by the stewards .  bryant has been banned from going to games for three years .
bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham , kent .  but later in the evening he returned to his friend ' s home , claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay .  he then fled the scene and was found by police hiding in the toilets of a pub .  dew was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury at maidstone crown court .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800 - meter title on saturday .  the former 800 world title - holder won in 2 minutes , 5 . 05 seconds .  she has run sparingly over the last three years because of injury problems .
john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog .  he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship ' s history even though it was never authenticated .
stacey eden , 23 , was racially abused along with his wife on a sydney train .  ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant .  hafeez ahmed bhatti was shocked by the incident .  he said his wife was ' very shaken up ' after the attack .  police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward .
sky launched its buy and keep scheme in april 2014 for sky + hd .  it lets people stream movies straight to their tv , or to their mobiles .  films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ' follow me ' function .  the firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors and the latest movies are added each week .  recent new releases have included the hunger games : mockingjay part 1 , the hobbit : the battle of the five armies and paddington .
harry kane has scored 30 goals for spurs this season and one on his england debut last month .  fa chairman greg dyke reveals he would prefer to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the czech republic .  kane is due to join tottenham ' s end - of - season trip malaysia and australia .  england have pulled out of the annual victory shield u16 tournament for the home nations in an effort to save an estimated 120 , 000 a year .
bridget klecker , 42 , of san francisco died on friday after being struck by a car fleeing the police in san francisco . the suspects were still at large as of friday night when they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns .  police said the suspects ' vehicle ran a red light and the driver of the car she was in swerved to avoid it .  two firearms believed to be thrown from the car during the chase were recovered .
tim farron was accused by jo stephenson ' s widow of ' betrayal ' .  inquest found he jumped from roof of his house while suffering ' intense stress ' .  mr stephenson initially survived fall and was coherent enough to tell paramedics he had intended to kill himself .
the maticevski show at mercedes - benz fashion week australia went above and beyond to impress guests .  celebrities including lindy klim , jordan and zac stenmark were among the lucky recipients .  each front row guest was given an $ 899 lenovo tablet with their gift bag .
kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for crash .  andreas lubitz flew plane he was co - piloting into the french alps .  he flew plane into french alps that they have fled the town of montabaur .  miss goldbach told investigators lubtiz whisked her away on holiday .
clare hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years .  doctors told her she had it surgically removed or she risked the tumour turning malignant .  she went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son noah seven weeks after the pregnancy .  but in february 2012 , she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive .  one week before she was due to go into surgery she found out she was pregnant .
cao yu , 22 , held off the man in a terrifying five - minute struggle .  she continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre - long machete .  chinese social media users praised the ' tough girl ' for her bravery .
nigel farage ' s controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ' shock and awful ' strategy .  ukip revealed it had been part of a deliberate strategy to appeal to their  core voter   not to try and attract floating voters to the party .  mr farage has claimed he would stand down if he does not win the seat he is contesting in thanet south .
hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules , experts have predicted .  wonga racked up 37 . 3million loss last year following significant reduction in consumer lending .  revenues declined to 217 . 2million in the period , down by almost 100million .
the mysterious message ' i ' m sorry ' was splashed across brisbane ' s clear blue sky on monday afternoon .  the aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses .  locals quickly took to twitter to question who the message was directed at .  rob vance , of skywriting services australia , took just 10 minutes to complete the urgent appeal .
julie falconer ' s instagram account , a lady in london , showcases the best of the english capital , as well as her other european jaunts .  adventure photographer joe greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest . sylvia matzkowiak is a german instagrammer and traveller , who goes by goldie berlin , may have been born in poland .
new york - based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice .  a 60 - year - old named michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife ' s happiness above his own .  a muslim driver named asaf , 38 , explained that his religion forbids having ' girlfriends on the side ' is strictly forbidden .
cheryl heineman , 45 , a third - grade teacher from florida , was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee .  the woman ' s suspected accomplice and lover , 20 - year - old jack lindsey , is facing the same charges .
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years and revels in an understated luxury .  mersea oysters are available year - round - as are colchester natives .
manny pacquiao ' s veteran promoter bob arum ordered an end to his last conference call .  arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk - ins .  floyd mayweather is due for his final conference call this wednesday .
iker casillas has been at the bernabeu since breaking into the team as a 16 - year - old .  the spanish keeper has been linked with a move to manchester united .  the 33 - year old claims he is willing to fight for the no 1 jersey .
dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , ran the ' toughest footrace on earth ' .  the father - of - three , known as ' blind dave ' , took part in the marathon des sables . competitors must carry provisions on their back and sleep in tents .  mr heeley became the first blind man to run seven marathons on seven continents .
sam allardyce could return to english football after leaving napoli .  the hammers need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture .  west ham must go to the olympic stadium with more on their minds than survival .
ahmed al - karim , head of salahuddin provincial council , said fighters had burnt ' hundreds of houses ' in the last two days .  it comes as prime minister haider al - abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit and arrest those responsible .  militiamen have spray - painted names of their groups on homes , shops and other buildings .
labour leader superimposed over london rapper plan b , issuing call to ' come at me bruv ' .  this is thought to reference how the labour leader posed a direct message to the prime minister , saying : ' david , if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one - on - one ' .  images were inspired by a debate that saw mr miliband warned he would not get into power without lurching left .
london mayor says ukip supporters are in ' increasing psychological conflict ' .  he campaigned in the thanet south , kent , to support local candidate craig mckinley .  while in kent , he warned a vote for ukip would be equal to a vote .  sir john major clashed with scotland ' s first minister nicola sturgeon .
alex perry revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week .  the designer says he is enjoying ' taking a breather ' .  this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .
jamal kiyemba , 36 , was detained in kampala in connection with joan kagezi ' s death .  he is one of 16 former guantanamo bay prisoners awarded a 20million payout .  he was awarded 1million from the british government over claims he had been tortured by u . s . intelligence and interrogated by the mi5 .
students in north east china ' s jilin province are being forced to eat their lunch .  teachers are banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire to prevent smuggling .  students claim food cooked in the school canteen is too horrible to eat .
siobahn o ' dell , 17 , from north carolina , was sent a rejection letter from duke university on march 26 , telling her she had failed to make the grade .  the teenager , who had applied to the prestigious college in her home state , said : ' i regret to inform you that i am unable to accept your refusal ' .  the letter has attracted nearly 100 , 000 likes and rebolgs since first being posted to her tumblr account .
newcastle beat sunderland 1 - 0 in the tyne - wear derby on sunday .  daryl janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected tear in his calf muscle during the warm - up .  the holland full - back was unable to prevent the black cats running out winners as he assessed the fall - out .  the result moves sunderland three points clear of the premier league relegation zone .
james houlder fell ill while on holiday in sharm el sheikh last summer .  he has since developed irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs ) , a digestive complaint which can leave him in crippling pain with him sometimes needing the toilet several times an hour .
bacary sagna has played only 16 times for manchester city this season .  the 32 - year - old departed arsenal on the back of winning the fa cup .  sagna says he would make the same decision again if he was faced with the decision again .  the defender believes manuel pellegrini ' s side will return to winning ways and end the season well .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
youngstown state university student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters after consulting with university officials .  they encouraged students to celebrate ' by not annoying the s * * * out of everyone about your sexual orientation ' .  the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students .
cska sofia ' s maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months .  the latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent .  cska have faced a series of financial problems since vasil bozhkov decided to sell the club in 2006 .
alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at east lansing high school lesson .  tweets included people who lost all their friends when they became pregnant .  school has denied it only teaches abstinence , saying it just happened to be that day ' s lesson .  ms dreger tweeted : ' i feel like raising my hand and saying " can i tell my sexual history , which involves a lot of pleasure before and during marriage ? ' .
relatives of esam ghazzawi and his wife anoud left their florida home in august 2001 but did not take cars , furniture or food from their fridge .  fbi agent who investigated the report said the report was ' poorly written ' and ' wholly unsubstantiated ' .  at least one ' family member ' had attended the same venice , florida flight school as the hijackers .
patrick bamford won the championship player of the year on sunday .  the 21 - year - old has scored 17 championship goals for middlesbrough this season .  bamford believes his long - term future will be at stamford bridge .
millie - belle diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115 , 000 instagram followers .  her mother schye fox set up an instagram account for her when she was two months old .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation ' s street red project .  the 41 - year - old was a key cog in sir alex ferguson ' s treble winning season of 1998 - 99 .  he was on his way to everton but would continue to be haunted by injury .
the helicopter came down on a house in the carapicuiba area of sao paulo .  no one was thought to have been in the house , the roof of which was devastated .  it is understood three mechanics , as well as the pilot , were among the dead .
cody wandered into a bog in belvedere , south - east london on friday .  crew members climbed into the ditch as they tried to ease the animal to safety .  but - despite being shaken by the ordeal - was otherwise unharmed .  borough commander for bexley richard welch said : ' one thing is certain that it won  t be running in the grand national tomorrow ' .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a passat with wounds to his chest . the father of six was a fierce critic of president bashar al - assad .  his family have paid tribute to ' the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet ' .
jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus .  the 24 - year - old will be behind the wheel for the first time this season .  lotus have decided palmer will get a shot , and his run - plan will be similar to that of whoever he replaces .  palmer was only 0 . 6secs behind pastor maldonado at the end of fp1 .
jaclyn methuen nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive .  the 30 - year - old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride .
martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas ' domestic and international pilots which have not been changed for more than a decade .  a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform , with ceo alan joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks .
caroline wozniacki watched a basketball game alongside nfl star j . j . watt on monday .  the game between the duke blue devils and the university of wisconsin ' s badgers took place at the lucas oil stadium in the city .  the pair were invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama .
michael buckley , 60 , fell to the floor in the m & s aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist on christmas day .  melanie buck , 33 , from bromley , south - east london , is accused of killing the frail widower .  mr buckley suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st and weighed 8st . he was taken into intensive care and put on a life - support machine .  two months later , he was pronounced dead at croydon crown court .
president barack obama arrived at alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia , on sunday morning .  rev howard - john wesley opened the service by welcoming the president , before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him .  it acted as the warm up for the annual easter roll , during which barack and michelle will perform their highly - anticipated dance to uptown funk .
janet brown was murdered at her family home in radnage , buckinghamshire .  the 51 - year - old ' s naked body was found at the foot of the stairs by builders .  mrs brown ' s daughters roxanne , 38 , and zara , 43 , described their hother as a ' kind and loving nurse ' claiming the horror of the crime ' stays with us every day ' .
mariano galarza played for gloucester against sale sharks last month .  the rfu has said galarza should have been ineligible for the match .  the aviva premiership side now face the prospect of having points deducted for the misdemeanour .
sharpton said family wanted him gone to avoid ' another ferguson type of circus ' .  said he will head to north charleston , south carolina , to preach and attend vigil . comes after dashcam footage showed scott being gunned down by officer michael slager after he was pulled over for having a broken tail light .
yannick bolasie scored a hat - trick as crystal palace beat sunderland 2 - 0 at the stadium of light on saturday .  the eagles now have 25 points from a possible 36 under dick advocaat ' s care .  the black cats are two points behind champions chelsea .
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook ' s o2 welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 .  sportsmail understands an announcement on the fight could be made as early as friday .  gavin is the only englishman to have won a world amateur title but lost his first fight as a professional last year .
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players at manchester united .  united have a eight - point cushion over liverpool and are in good shape to make the champions league .  luke shaw had to take part in extra pre - season training sessions to reach the necessary fitness levels .
the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence .  residents of the caravan park have told of the horrific levels of violence , with some of the sites left without running water .  the conditions include an old bus , tarpaulins and run - down caravans .
federal treasurer joe hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as netflix and apple .  the changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $ 1 , 000 online from overseas , thus affecting companies such as google , microsoft , amazon and ebay .  choice argues that the government should be tackling the exorbitant domestic costs of tv shows , music and movies .
the park hyatt new york hired american designer , david peck , for a uniform revamp .  peck and marriott took inspiration from the city ' s 104 - year - old skyscraper and the local houston aesthetic in designing the ready - to - wear pieces .
driss diaeddinninninn bought a semi - automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38 - year - old dodi fayed and their mother , kenza benzakour , 56 , on the ground floor of their phoenix home at 2pm on thursday .  he is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister - in - law , meriem ben yahia , 26 , before taking his own life .  his wife and two children were able to escape and shed called 911 .
mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies .  the 25 - year - old is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler .  wood is one of the uncapped members of alastair cook ' s squad who fly to the caribbean on thursday for a three - test series .
qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league .  cesc fabregas ' 88th minute strike saw chelsea grab a late 1 - 0 win at qpr earlier this month .  four of the bottom seven did not play in the barclays premier league last weekend .
lionel messi wants celtic to play in the champions league next season .  the bhoys ' celtic park is famous for it ' s electrifying atmosphere .  messi has played at celtic park three times in europe during his career .
a harvard - led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time .  scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live .  they were able to spot blood vessels up to 240 millionths of a metre ( 0 . 0024mm ) below the surface of the tongue .
two - thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30 , according to new research .  this increases the risk of epilepsy , autism and breast cancer .  older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism and schizophrenia .
hbo ' s game of thrones is set to return to the world of dorne on the imaginary continent of westeros .  travel referral service zicasso is offering a luxury tour of some of the country ' s most historical , and most beautiful , cities .  from there , fans will spend three nights adhering to a full itinerary which includes a stop at the world ' s largest gothic cathedral , registered by unesco as a world heritage site .
a train heading from queens into manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8 . 30am monday morning .  more than 500 passengers were taken to manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped .  service on the 7 train was suspended for almost two hours .  no injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint and requested medical attention .
romelu lukaku has been involved in transfer deals worth over 400million .  everton manager roberto martinez is unconcerned by mino raiola .  raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game .  zlatan ibrahimovic , paul pogba and liverpool ' s mario balotelli are among his high - profile clients .
dr fredric brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high in new jersey , was found hanged in his miami home .  they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was just  a jewish kid from newark ,  and before he transformed himself into the figure of the figure on netflix show  unbreakable kimmy schmidt ,  with such devastating consequences .  now , dr brandt  s high school photos provide a glimpse into his life before fame , fortune and fillers .
etienne gould nunan was born at melbourne ' s monash hospital in july last year .  he was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and went on to develop pneumonia , suffer a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections .  his parents have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ' running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .  pietersen scored 170 for surrey as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .  flintoff says pietersen has not featured for england since he was sacked 14 months ago after alastair cook ' s team were whitewashed 5 - 0 in australia .
australian choreographer wade robson , once the singer ' s staunchest defender , now claims jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child .  if judge beckloff gives robson , 32 , and safechuck , 36 , a green light to proceed with their civil claim , new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against jackson .  lawyers say the king of pop shelled out nearly $ 200 million to as many as 20 victims .
zella jackson price , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .  but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .  friends of price ' s foster parents revealed that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .
survey of 1 , 100 adults by vehicle leasing firm osv found 31 % of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to wash their own car .  three - quarters of women never wash their car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt .  factors behind the decline vary from shops now opening on a sunday and more live football on tv .
manchester city have lost too much to chelsea in the premier league .  manuel pellegrini believes his side are now facing a fight to stay in the champions league places .  the champions could find themselves in fourth place before they play crystal palace on monday .
robert charles bates , 73 , shot and killed eric courtney harris , 44 , as he was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store .  bates , a former full - time officer , ran up ' trying to get the situation under control ' and fired one shot , it has been claimed .
the great wall of china was created in 500 bc to protect the country ' s northern border against foreign invasion .  the wall attracts over 10 million visitors annually so you could be battling your way through the crowds .  beyonce snapped a close - up shot of herself next to leonardo da vinci ' s mona lisa at the louvre .  the louvre attracts 9 . 7 million visitors a year , more than any other museum in the world .
former melbourne woman dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her children last year .  she regularly boasts on twitter that her daughter and two - year - old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds .  the children ' s paternal grandparents say they are worried but unable to do anything about it .
pound fell to near 1 . 46 against the us dollar , its lowest level since june 2010 .  different polls have variously put the tories and labour narrowly ahead .  david cameron and ed miliband both facing prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a government .
isco returned to the real madrid starting xi for the champions league semi - final with real madrid .  the spaniard admitted he was unhappy after james rodriguez ' s return to the starting line - up .  isco has been one of real ' s best players this season .
mark sanders , a doctor and lawyer in fort worth texas , was beaten with a paddle , dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire .  hamm was one of seven golden globe brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders when he was a young pledge at the university of texas at austin .  the 45 - year - old lives with his wife anada , 41 , and their two children in texas .
' pie - egg - ra ' dish contains one and a half creme eggs and is served with a side of chips .  john clarkson rolls out the pie casing before they were battered and deep - fried .  the pie was created by blind - baking the casing as the egg would otherwise melt down .  the 55 - year - old fryer , who runs mr eaters fish and chips in preston , lancashire , says the savoury - sweet mix is a hit with customers .
kenneth lombardi , who goes by ken , was a red carpet regular for cbs new york , interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger .  he says he was forced to quit his job in november and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two male bosses .  lombardi claims he was sexually harassed by two male colleagues and that the other aggressively came onto him during an after - hours meeting .
new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet .  it has specially designed ' huddle zones ' and a ' meeting tower ' on stilts .  bbc admits it ' occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms and spent 47 , 198 .
carwyn scott - howell , 7 , plunged 160ft to his death in flaine , france .  his mother ceri and siblings gerwyn and antonia were separated from them .  state prosecutor pierre yves michau said the schoolboy ' s death was a ' tragic accident ' with no one to blame .  his family described carwyn as a ' daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and a ' very competent skier and snowboarder ' .
gary teale hit back at ronny deila for his criticism of st mirren park pitch .  deila branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership ' terrible ' .  teale feels deila ' s criticism was unjustified and unfair on groundsman , tommy docherty .
liz norden ' s adult sons , jp and paul , each lost their right leg in april 2013 .  they were hit by explosive mix of shrapnel and ball - bearings .  the men , now in their mid - 20s , were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the boston marathon .  norden said : ' people who live
kelly - anne bates , 17 , was tortured to death by her lover james smith .  smith stabbed her with an iron , scalded her with boiling water and gouged out her eyes .  smith also tied her to a radiator by her hair , broke her arm and knees .  bates was sentenced to life in prison and must serve a minimum of 25 years .
dundee united have failed to win any of their last 10 games .  jackie mcnamara ' s team have dropped like a stone from early - season table - toppers to potentially even missing out on europe .  the fallout has come amid an increasingly acrid war of words surrounding revelations about mcnamara  s entitlement to a cut from outgoing player sales .
billy - anne huxham , 18 , was forced into a car outside a caboolture home just after 6am on tuesday morning .  neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before she was abducted from her home .  detectives are desperately searching for the teen and carl garry chapman , 32 , who is believed to be the victim ' s former boyfriend .
highlights is limited to english - language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device .  to enable the feature on your account , launch the official twitter app on android and bring up the three - dot icon in the top - right corner of your screen .
vlad tarasov couldn ' t resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston ' s largest snow farm located in the city ' s seaport district .  the one - minute video gives a first - person perspective of the experience as he pushes through the trash - filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow .
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls .  some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web .  but officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service .
floyd mayweather will go head - to - head with manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand on may 2 .  the fight saw tickets sell out within 60 seconds on ticketmaster last week .  mayweather is expected to get 120m from the fight , the biggest event in the history of boxing .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , attempted to torch a native australian quokka .  the quokka is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick brown fur .  both men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at fremantle magistrate ' s court on friday .
nina pham contracted ebola while caring for thomas eric duncan , the first u . s . patient to die from the deadly disease .  texas health resources filed a response on friday to the march 2 lawsuit by a nurse caring for duncan .  pham , who remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital but has not returned to work .  the hospital says it respected pham ' s privacy and only acted with her consent .
britain ' s super - rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009 .  she placed 302nd on the sunday times rich list with a wealth of 340m .  brothers sri and gopi hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at 13bn .  the wealthiest 1 , 000 people based in britain are collectively worth 547billion , up from 258billion in 2009 and 15million more than last year .
kayli henley was snapping pictures of six - month - old taos and his mother , sierra sharry , when she asked him if she could make their family complete their family portrait .  so henley fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them .  the image has been liked more than 200 , 000 times on facebook .  henley has been inundated with requests to create other pictures for families who have lost a loved one .
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis .  the ad features julia , 58 , of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer .  gladwell has called for the new tips from former smokers ad , commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention , to be banned .
the pictures were found in the archives of the ministry for state security better known as the ' stasi ' during the 40 year existence of the east german state .  they were thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents intended to inculcate in them .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone .  demand is putting endangered gibbons , leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk .
tony blair ' s money - making projects face fresh scrutiny after publication of deal to sell theory of ' deliverology ' to colombia .  fees paid to tony blair associates for work advising colombia on its mining industry , which brings in 2billion - a - year in royalties .  tory mp andrew bridgen calls for curbs on former pm ' s working for other sovereign states .
alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home .  seven - year - old dog ran out of woods in front of inspector ' s van and started barking .  rspca staff were able to trace his owner , kirsty mitton , in wednesbury , west midlands .  miss mitton ' s second terrier , lillie , is still missing .
salford half - back rangi chase could face a four to eight - match ban .  the red devils beat huddersfield 18 - 12 at the john smith ' s stadium .  chase will be joined at red hall by weller hauraki , widnes ' danny tickle and hull kr back - rower maurice blair .
the former hewlett - packard ceo will launch a formal campaign on may 4 , according to the wall street journal .  fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it ' s just a rumor at this point .
jehovah ' s witness woman was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy .  doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion .  the 28 - year - old had pregnancy complications but rejected treatment on religious grounds .  dr giselle kidson - gerber said it was a challenge to respect a patient who refuses life - saving treatment .
rangers will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market .  paul murray insists the new board  s plans for the future will be unaffected .  trading in rangers shares was suspended when previous nomad , wh ireland , resigned just two days before the march 6 egm that ousted the old board .
aaron cook has been granted citizenship by moldova and plans to fight for great britain in rio 2016 .  the 24 - year - old applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici .  cook is aggrieved at being overlooked in favour of lutalo muhammad , who won bronze at london 2012 .
laura wells spoke to the australian women ' s weekly about the pressure put on her ' skinnier ' model room mates to prepare for fashion week .  the size 14 model says there is ' no food being eaten , and prescription dietary pills ' being consumed by her model friends .  the measure is part of a campaign against anorexia by president francois hollande ' s government .
for the first time in 65 years the california department of water resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6 , 800 feet in the sierra nevada sierra nevada in early april .  the governor ' s order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent .  so far in the current drought , many californians have not made changes to their daily routines to save water or taken a hit in their wallets because of it .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald ' s drive - thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .  while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .  to date the video of cooper ' s ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times .
lucas moura has lauded lionel messi ahead of his side ' s champions league clash with barcelona .  the paris saint - germain playmaker said messi is the best player in the world .  psg play barcelona on wednesday night before facing the la liga giants .
tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december .  the program called cryptolocker infects through an e - mail and then scrambles the data on the computer .  it caused police systems to be down between four and five days .  the only files that were 18 months old , so cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency or they risked losing the data forever .
with no cell phone reception to call for help , owner tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake ' s spiral jetty .  but , lucky for george , a family was willing to stay with the dog - and only more strangers followed as they heard his story .  and as more people came , they began bringing items to help get shelby out , using grocery bags , car floor mats , tarp , garbage bags , a straw hat and even bare hands .
aaron cresswell is a reported target for west ham and manchester city .  sam allardyce claims no club has made an offer for the defender .  the 25 - year - old has starred for the hammers this season .
ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis , 31 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday .  mr davis was fatally struck by 25 - year - old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am .  the driver and his passenger , rayvorris altuan oliver , 27 , fled the scene following the crash .  davis faces several charges including dui manslaughter , vehicular homicide , aggravated fleeing and eluding .
rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland , florida in september 2013 .  the following month , the polk county sheriff ' s office said she likely killed herself following ' malicious harassment ' from two schoolmates , katelyn roman , 12 , and guadalupe shaw , 13 .  both girls , who were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking , were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages .
the incident took place in olani village , in central india .  it was recorded by a crowd of terrified byers from the relative safety of hut rooftops .  the ward beats the leopard twice on the head as it tries to slash him .
barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director .  the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja , following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building .  mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of allen , jaume roures , who also produced three of his films . the tribute will join a plethora of other museums dedicated to artists such as dali and picasso .
monica mcdermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her lexus .  the mother - of - one refused to give a breath sample and tried to get out of the car .  when officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit .  mcdermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at macclesfield magistrates ' court .
the curious canine kitchen opens in shoreditch , london , on saturday 11 and 12 april .  the menu includes seaweed and kale puree , reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , cinnamon and blueberry chia pudding .  each dish will be served alongside refreshments such as alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water .
southampton are currently seventh in the premier league with 53 points .  ronald koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make europe .  the saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches .  koeman could be poised to recall southamptonese striker sadio mane to the starting 11 .
national front leader marine le pen accused her father jean - marie of committing ' political suicide ' .  she has blocked her father ' s return to the party following a raft of controversial comments .  ms le pen has tried to rid the anti - immigrant party of its anti - semitic image and widen its voter appeal as she readies a bid for the french presidency in 2017 .
the ' kate effect ' has put a bump in the profits of british fashion house seraphine .  among the most popular royal choices was a 195 mist - blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons .  the firm now sells it with the tagline  worn by the duchess of and markets it as suitable for before , during and after pregnancy .
two women aged 47 and 22 held at manchester airport in early hours .  they were among eight relatives stopped at turkish border with syria .  waheed ahmed , 21 , was son of labour councillor shakil ahmed .  he was held on suspicion of commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .  four children on trip aged one , three , eight and 11 have also been flown back to uk .
tyler macniven won the ninth season of the amazing race and won a $ 1million prize .  he and his fiancee , kelly hennigan , made a three - minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials .  the couple ' s wedding will be on september 26 , 2015 , though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
a suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire .  a commander and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack .  fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of ramadi .  earlier on friday , the army recaptured the important al - houz bridge over the euphrates in western ramadi , which had served as a primary supply route for the militants .
louisiana state university students were found with nearly 2 , 000 beers , ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the i - 10 in mobile county .  harrison coogan , and hunter coker , both 18 , told sheriff ' s deputies they were en - route to gulf shores to meet ' a larger group of people for the week of spring break ' .
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments .  one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self - conscious about the state of their skin .  stress makes the adrenal glands release male hormones , which then trigger more oil production , blocking pores .
crawley - based acro aircraft seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat .  the ' series 7 ' seat has hand - stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite materials .  the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants .  acro currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as klm , thomas cook and spirit .
the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington .  the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it .  last year microsoft ceo satya nadella was forced to apologize for saying that women don ' t need to ask for a raise .
major general james post iii was the vice commander of air combat command .  his words may have had a ' chilling effect ' on some of them , convincing them not to speak with lawmakers .  the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low - flying , tank - killer aircraft .
there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country today , an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013 .  part of the reason is the widespread loss of the traditional hedgerows that used to line every country road .  the loss of hedges and hedges in back gardens is also thought to have played a role in the animal  s demise .
mary todd lowrance , 49 , a teacher at moises e molina high school , texas , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning .  officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a dallas isd officer .  lowrance has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case .
paul smith has landed a shot at andre ward in oakland , california .  the fight will not be for ward ' s wba super - middleweight world title .  ward has not fought since he beat edwin rodriguez in november 2013 .
californian search giant claims latest update can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts .  works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus .  even allows users to draw emoji they want to send .
shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shot which paralysed thusha kamaleswaran in march 2011 .  thusha was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011 .  bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a ' ruthless attack ' in their home in croydon , south london .
chloe jackson , 19 , appeared on today ' s this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely .  half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely . 43 per cent of 18 to 34 - year - olds admitted they wished they had more friends .
nic newling ' s brother christopher killed himself during his own quieter battle with mental illnesses .  his bad moods progressed into forms of anxiety and depression and what helped put his life back into perspective .  the 28 - year - old is now using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness .
michael foster was appearing at a public ' hustings ' in the camborne and redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four - bedroom home .  loveday jenkin is running in the same constituency for mebyon kernow - the party for cornwall .  ms jenkin claims mr foster turned to her and said : ' you c * * * .  if you pick on me again i will destroy you ' .
alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with aquagenic urticaria .  showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation .  symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure .
rangers have been de - listed from the aim after dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor .  interim chairman paul murray put the blame for aim ' s decision at the door of the club ' s previous board .  there is also the possibility of legal action from former football board chairman sandy easdale .
the queen ' s club will host the davis cup quarter final against france .  the venerable club in baron ' s court will host britain ' s biggest home tie in three decades from july 17 - 19 .  tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of 7 , 000 , as it is for the aegon championships , which takes place two weeks before wimbledon .
for nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained .  now , one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within .
peter sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in broadmoor .  but now he may be moved to a cushy priory unit set in berkshire woodland .  he is being lined up for the move and said he no longer hears ' voices from god ' .
president barack obama and his wife , michelle , paid more than $ 93 , 000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of nearly $ 477 , 000 .  altogether , they donated nearly 15 percent of their income .  the largest was a $ 22 , 012 donation to the fisher house foundation , which supports military families .
freddie gray , 25 , died in baltimore police custody last week after he died in police custody .  protesters began to disperse outside camden yards , where the baltimore orioles beat the boston red sox in ten innings .  outside , protesters threw objects at cars , kicked windshields , smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear .  violence continued into the evening , with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows .
three women jailed for ' hooliganism ' after releasing video of twerking .  prosecutors said their ' erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war .  two of the girls were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days .  the mayor of novorossiysk , where the women are from , said : ' we condemn these women .  every inch of this is covered in blood ' .
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660 , 000 recorded the year before .  smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent .  e - cigarettes typically deliver nicotine , propylene glycol , glycerin and flavorings through inhaled vapor .
myer city stores in melbourne , sydney , perth , brisbane , and adelaide will offer the first 100 customers for the original 1959 barbie doll .  the dolls are newly produced but modelled on the original barbie doll that was first released at the new york toy fair in 1959 .  for those who miss out on the promotion , the dolls will be on sale for $ 34 . 95 thereafter .
britons spend an average of 62 a week on rewarding themselves .  treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine .  men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves .
ap mccoy seeks to end record - breaking career with victory on don  t push it .  the 40 - year - old will stop riding immediately if his mount shutthefrontdoor wins the 1million crabbie  s grand national on saturday .  many once - a - year punters will pin their hopes on mccoy delivering a result like he did in 2010 .
archibald - winning artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to the indonesian president in the final hours before his treasured friends , myuran sukumaran and andrew chan , are expected to be executed in indonesia .  he has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment .  present joko widodo has repeatedly rejected all pleas for clemency for the nine drug convicts .
south yorkshire police missed ' intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in rotherham , a report has found .  at least 1 , 400 children were abused in the town between 1997 and 2013 .  the review was launched last december in the wake of the damning jay report , which exposed widespread failures of the council , police and social services in tackling child exploitation .
raymond allen , 87 , opened the first kfc franchise in preston , lancashire , in 1965 .  he still has a personal hand - written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices - and is a closely guarded secret by the firm .  mr allen , from jersey in the channel islands , said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it ' s been ' ruined ' and would never set foot in one again .
sporty pippa was spotted out jogging today for the second time this week .  the 31 - year - old is currently preparing to take part in a 54 - mile charity bike ride .  she looks good on the red carpet , at wimbledon and out shopping .
gaston pinsard , 96 , is thought to be britain ' s oldest serving prisoner .  he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago .  the father - of - four claims he was abused at a notorious jersey children ' s home .  judge branded the historic case ' distressing ' and ' unpleasant ' .  pinsard joined the army after leaving haut de la garenne where he realised his sexual outlook and experiences were different to other peoples .
robert mugabe arrived into south africa for a three - day state visit today .  the 91 - year - old appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him .  it is not the first time an amusing image of the dictator has surfaced .  one of him falling down podium steps becoming an internet sensation earlier this year .
deputy finance minister dimitras mardas declared the country had been ' running on empty ' since february .  greece ' s biggest tax office had its electricity cut off after the finance ministry failed to pay its power bills .  prime minister alexis tsipras is expected to appeal to german chancellor angela merkel for more aid to avoid going bust and a potential exit from the eurozone .
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35 - year loan .  some pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105 .  surge of ' silver landlords ' is likely to push up house prices .
massachusetts senator elizabeth warren says she ' s relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of all 30 charges related to the boston marathon bombings which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line .  ' nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it ' s been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice , ' she said .  warren has repeatedly denied that she will run in the democratic primaries .
china has built an airstrip on the spratly islands in the south china sea .  the philippines , vietnam , malaysia , brunei and taiwan all claim the region .  china ' s building activity has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states .
michael carrick played against ecuador at the 2006 world cup .  england have won just four competitive games when carrick started .  carrick has made nine competitive starts for england and the majority have been ordinary at best .
coral jones , 43 , had letters demanding her other children be taken into care .  she was branded a ' bad mother ' for allowing april to play in street past 7pm .  april jones was abducted and killed by paedophile mark bridger .  bridger was jailed for life in 2013 but her body has never been recovered .
edson cholbi do nascimento will be the team ' s coach in the second division of the brazilian league this year .  mogi mirim currently have former brazil player rivaldo as its president .  edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang .
arsenal will not start the season at the summit of england ' s top - flight .  the cherries official name is afc bournemouth , meaning their name would start ahead of arsenal ' s by virtue of the alphabet when the alphabetnic table is compiled .  the goldsands stadium will host premier league football next season .
a new report has revealed that russian hackers wormed their way into the white house system by breaching first the state department ' s network .  the hackers have been able to access real - time , non - public schedule of president obama ' s private schedule , which is not accessible to the general public .  a six - month investigation into the breach reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of russian president vladimir putin ' s government .
the 48 - year - old was stopped by police after she wrote her name and date on the dome of the florence cathedral .  staff from museo dell  operate del duomo , a museum which houses artefacts from the cathedral , alerted police .  it ' s the second time in four weeks that italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing one of the country  s top landmarks .
the echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off the mornington peninsula .  it is found all over australia , in coastal forests , alpine meadows and desert habitats .  according to australia zoo , echidnas are actually ' proficient ' swimmers .
robert dellinger , 54 , was sentenced on thursday to two four - and - a - half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy , 24 , and her fiance , 29 - year - old jason timmons .  prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head - on into the couple ' s car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself .  dellinger pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide for the deaths of
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon .  the 62 - year - old was jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband shot dead .  she was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way through the city centre to the oblates in the city ' s inchicore suburb .  the course is part of her pre - release plan to help her integrate back into society once freed .
video posted by elihudi justin urassa on facebook has been watched more than 3 . 7million times in a day .  in the video the girl is seen sucking onto the tube of tortilla flavoured chips .  .  made of crisps .  the worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses .
claudetteia love , a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe , louisiana , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends .  principal patrick taylor told love that the decision was dress - code related and that she shouldn ' t take it personally .  love ' s mother said that she believes taylor is ' taking his values and throwing them ' on her daughter because she ' s a lesbian .
aston villa face queens park rangers at villa park on tuesday night .  tim sherwood ' s side lost 3 - 0 to manchester united in the premier league on saturday .  sherwood has guided villa to an fa cup semi - final , with blackburn or liverpool lying in wait on sunday week .  click here for all the latest aston villa news .
average pet spends 21 hours a week watching tv , according to virgin media .  two thirds of goldfish owners watch three hours a day while left home alone .  reality show keeping up with the kardashians is the least favourite show .
max azria ' s home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city ' s ' platinum triangle ' .  there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that ' s not even counting the guesthouse and 6 , 000 sq ft movie theater .  azria bought the mansion for $ 14 . 4million in 2005 before pouring in $ 30million more for a massive renovation .
experts studied 40 million posts by 1 . 7 millions on cnn . com , breitbart . com and gaming site ign . com .  they then divided users into those most likely to be banned , called future - banned users ( fbus ) and other users dubbed never - banned , and other .  users ( nbus ) were also more likely to have had posts deleted than other users and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as ' perhaps ' .
robert downey jnr was furious when the line of questioning started .  he would discuss his experiences on the new film avengers : age of ultron .  interviewer krishnan guru - murthy asked downey jr about his relationship with his father .  he said : ' i ' m sorry , i really don ' t . .  .  are we doing ? ' .
inscriptions were found in naours - a two - hour drive north of paris .  left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare .  site ' s proximity to battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to discovery ' s importance .  photographer jeff gusky has tallied 1 , 821 individual names : 731 australians , 339 british , 55 americans , a handful of french and canadians whose nationalities have yet to be traced .
bruce cook , who owns kaktus point charolais stud at lake charm in northwest victoria , put up his ' realistic ' artwork on good friday .  he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos .  the 59 - year - old says he will add an extra two calves to the structure tonight .
the city of eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships .  the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council , who decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a ' unique strategic opportunity ' .  the 2007 world championships held in osaka , japan was also awarded without a bidding process .
peter moore , from stoke - on - trent , received a letter from hmrc last week .  the letter was addressed to the ' representative ' of peter william john moore .  it added that officials needed to sort out whether mr moore had paid enough - or too much - tax .  the 47 - year - old pottery factory worker said : ' i don ' t know how that kind of mistake could have been made ' .
the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio .  this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11 . 6 a week .  sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster - paced lives than in the past , and a change in habits amongst young people .
change4life is being run by public health england to help address the country ' s obesity crisis .
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan until the end of the season .  the 19 - year - old has made six substitute super league appearances .  london coach andrew henderson said : ' elliot will add competition for places and some quality to our forward pack ' .
chase culpepper , 17 , who was born male but identifies as female , was told to remove her makeup for a driver ' s license photo last year .  after a legal battle , the state dmv is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos .  under the terms of the settlement , the agency is changing the policy to allow people to handle transgender customers and people who don ' t identify with either gender .
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $ 9 , 000 out of the account of kate sullivan at chase branches in commack and freeport on september 23 , 2014 .  state police say the female suspect then racked up $ 4 , 000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in sullivan ' s name in new haven , connecticut .  the 50 - year - old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furstenberg .
jonas gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at newcastle .  the 31 - year - old was the only united player to emerge with any credit .  gutierrez has twice beaten testicular cancer in the wake of last weekend ' s 1 - 0 defeat at sunderland .  the argentine is one of the very few players respected by a disgruntled fanbase who are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs .
italian model ambra battilana , 22 , claims he groped her at his tribeca office .  she claims he asked her for a kiss and put his hand up her skirt .  she told police that she clearly rejected him and he backed off .  weinstein has spoken to police and is cooperating with investigation .
a nine foot long bull shark was captured swimming past a condo on hikcory island in bonita springs .  residents say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back .  adult bull sharks , along with great whites and tiger sharks , are said to be the most likely species to attack humans .
mercedes team - mate nico rosberg was third six - tenths of a second behind hamilton .  hamilton has got pole in every race during the current campaign .  rosberg says he got his father  s advice before the last race in abu dhabi .
three players have been diagnosed with the mosquito - borne disease this week .  corinthians striker paolo guerrero is one of three players diagnosed .  guerrero will also miss his team ' s last two games in the copa libertadores .  there is no cure , but is rarely fatal .  brazil ' s health ministry said there have been more than 460 , 000 cases of the disease in 2015 .
andreas lubitz , 27 , crashed the airbus a320 passenger jet into the alps .  he may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer ' s coffee .  investigators have been scouring his computers to determine his state of mind .
jimmy anderson and sir ian botham are the leading wicket - takers in england test history .  botham was always larger than life and in your face , had huge self - belief as a player and still has an aura about him now .  the 32 - year - old was one of the first people to look at records and hope they stay at the top of the tree .
madison hurd , 16 , from seward , nebraska , was hospitalized on monday with a stomach bug that turned into a life - threatening infection .  nurses spent their day doing hurd ' s nails , makeup and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons .  the teen had started an after - school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown , and her boyfriend flew in from alabama with a tux and a corsage .
maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .  the wealthy nsw businessman is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off legals debts .  his wife louise has also been seen in her backyard , a court has heard .  the father of one of bega cheese ' s victims has had her letterbox firebombed .
chelsea drew goalless with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday .  jose mourinho branded their 11 - year wait for the premier league title ' boring ' .  home supporters chanted : ' boring , i think , is 10 years without a title ' .
cadbury ' s is set to release a super bar containing seven different fillings .  the seven - row dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of .  dairy milk caramel , dairy milk fruit & nut and dairy milk daim .
sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ' totally unacceptable in british society ' . comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford .  mr javid said the authorities had to ' get to the bottom of this ' and emphasised that ' we have to look at the cultural aspects of it ' .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , was killed and his brother marc , 15 , has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in miami on monday .  marc ' s 15 - year - old son , marc , plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him after an alleged drug deal .  dube ' s lawyer , german obront , said his sons borrowed their mother ' s car to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a
ashley graham , 27 , is the first plus - size model to appear in sports illustrated ' s swimsuit issue .
prime minister has requested first great western ' urgently review ' plans .  labour has also pledged to bring in a ' cap ' on price hikes .  fares can include off - peak leisure and advance - purchase tickets .  but from may 17 customers will be forced to pay 62 . 40 if they want to come home .
matheryn naovaratpong , from thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved .  the toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last april .  doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma , a rare form of brain cancer .  she died on january 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january .  he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died on sunday .  initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed .
robyn exton , 28 , is the founder of dattch ( her ) a lesbian dating app .  she came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s .  but she struggled to meet someone so ever determined .  robyn admits : ' i want to raise a million dollars ' .
41 million tonnes of ' e - waste ' worth over 34billion were discarded globally in 2014 , according to a report by united nations university .  the whole of africa produced only 1 . 9 metric tonnes of waste and yet ' millions of tonnes ' of broken products end up there .  campaigners claim it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin .
burnell ' bernie ' mitchell , 61 , arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .  abdul hadi arwani , a syrian - born syrian national , was found dead in his car .  his sister is liz mitchell , lead singer of 1970s band boney m .
jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh on a two - year deal .  the 20 - year - old has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side .  the worcester warriors prop has penned a deal with alan solomons .
more than 121 , 000 people worldwide are members of mensa .  the mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , concentration , agility , perception and reasoning which all contribute to a high iq .  a top two per cent score on an iq test will qualify you to join this group .  mensa says it is  a society for like - minded people 
stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people - profiling website humans of new york .
june whitfield will make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week .  the 89 - year - old is best known for her role as sister ruth in absolutely fabulous .  her character will offer advice to jessie wallace  s character kat moon .
the cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room .  during lunch or breaks , staff are encouraged to use their time away from their desks to play table tennis stretch or shoot a few hoops outside .  employees at moose toys said the company is all about putting smiles on the faces of kids across the globe .
kell brook faces amir khan at the o2 arena in new york on may 20 .  promoter eddie hearn says the fight may never take place .  khan ' s son gets ready to confirm the fight on the same night .  brook will be defending his world welterweight title against chris algieri .  click here for all the latest boxing news .
boeing ' s ' space bins ' can hold 50 % more carry - on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s .  the bins have been tested by a group of  frequent fliers  who were hand - picked by boeing .  boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times at the gate with the larger overhead bins .
dr alex russell , a sydney - based university lecturer , has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years .  he shares his tips for mastering the taste and smell perception of wine in four hours .  the main skill wine experts have believes russell is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent .
steven mathieson , 38 , stabbed prostitute luciana maurer , 23 , dozens of times .  father - of - two called two more vice girls over to his family home in falkirk , stirlingshire .  as she lay dead on the floor , he raped them before they managed to flee .  his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the crimes .  he pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the high court in glasgow today .
the nsw state emergency service anticipates calls across the sydney metropolitan , hunter and illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km / h expected over the next two days .  the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning , mainly in sydney metro area .  there is also some rainfall forecast in the same areas for monday , which are not yet included on the warning .
neymar and dani alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday .  barcelona beat chile 1 - 0 at the emirates stadium on sunday .  real madrid remain top of their euro league division , just by points difference .
sunderland are 15th in the premier league after a poor start to the season .  crystal palace , southampton and arsenal are all in the top six .  sportsmail considers the possibilities and delivers a verdict .  aston villa ' s christian benteke scored a hat - trick as aston villa drew 3 - 3 against queens park rangers on tuesday .
ronnie lungu was singled out as ' a marked man ' by wiltshire police .  the 40 - year - old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues .  his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy .  but tribunal ruled he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race .
manchester city ' s david silva and everton ' s phil jagielka among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock - down goods .  this comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into an advertising platform .  guidance from the advertising standards authority states that when there is payment and control from an advertiser , the sponsored tweet should be obviously identifiable .
the girl , who attends lone hill middle school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo - sharing service .  one says : ' that smile ! i can ' t wait until its [ sic ] just blood and tears ' .  another reads : ' you show up at school tomorrow thats the end of you .  i got knifes that ill bring and youll get to pick ' .
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities .  his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro - life group tried to post it to promote his story .  eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old .  doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in eli ' s skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .  got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .  a video posted on facebook shows motorists desperately grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
brad jones , glen johnson and fabio borini were among the local celebrities to turn out for the opening day of the grand national meeting at aintree .  the day before , philippe coutinho ' s 70th - minute strike with blackburn saw the reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware for the season .  borini ' s wife erin o ' neill declared her ' hubby ( is ) looking dapper ' in an instagram post .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon .  but at a track meet saturday , a crowd of more than 3 , 000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre - emptive joy .  simon ' s time , 8 : 86 . 86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds .
colin barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in western australia yesterday .  search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year .  this comes as the wife of an australian passenger spoke of her heartache , revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn ' t come home .
the 15 - month - old girl emulates the way her pregnant mother walks .  she pulls a cheeky face while strutting around the room .  in the background her father can be seen emulating the walk with her .
dc ciara campbell is accused of spying on her ex - partner pc stuart swarbrick .  the 43 - year - old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the computer misuse act 1990 .  court told she was trying to ensure she did not bump into or confront her ex or his new partner at work and wanted to ' just get on with her job ' .
scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him 1 . 5million to do so on july 18 .  if they do , cash the cheque and come to the manchester arena .  frampton made the first defence of his world title against chris avalos in february .
the g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces .  it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries .  the weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight .
michael conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must - win bout in venezuela on saturday night .  the two - time olympic medallist dropped his opponent in the first round .  barnes delivered his undefeated wsb record to 7 - 0 with a split - decision points win over native light - flyweight yoel finol .  the 23 - year - old leapt to no 2 in the wsb bantamweight rankings , claiming the second 56kg olympic spot on offer .
joyce kuhl , a grandmother from south carolina , visited the orlando park in 2013 .  she claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools , leaving the marine animals ' essentially roasting ' .  she also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at seaworld .  this is the second lawsuit against seaworld in less than one month .
ceara lynch , 28 , from portland , oregon , says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online .  a tame entrance into the world of humiliating men for money soon escalated to selling more personal items online , taking provocative phone calls , and performing live webcam shows .  ' guys really like the idea of me ruining them in this way , ' she says .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid in the 2 - 0 win at rayo vallecano on wednesday .  the 30 - year - old is only the third player in madrid ' s history to achieve the feat .  ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the champions league since signing for madrid in 2009 - 12 .
gareth bale will be rested for real madrid ' s clash with eibar on saturday .  coach carlo ancelotti has not made a final decision on who will come into his starting line - up for the game .  jese and asier illarramendi will probably play alongside luka modric .  cristiano ronaldo and karim benzema will not be in the squad .
former british premier made unannounced visit to ulaanbataar last month .  ecologists fear mining boom could destroy ancient graves of attila the hun ' s warrior ancestors .  blair is dogged by allegations of endemic corruption .
luis suarez reveals he sneaked into the nou camp with his wife sofia .  the 9 - year - old bit italian defender giorgio chiellini during the world cup .  suarez has been in fine form for barcelona following his 75million move from liverpool .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
feral rabbits , which are deemed a pest in nsw , are liekly to br targeted with the calicivirus , also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease ( rhd ) it causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year .  it comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots around public areas in march .  a second smaller scale program is likely to be implemented in may across 10 areas as well as the central coast .
kevin morgan , 55 , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in 2005 .  the married engineer suffered whiplash , which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression , which together have ended his working life , his lawyers claim .  as his 600 , 000 damages claim began at the central london county court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers , direct line group .
selenium is needed for the production of antibodies , important for a healthy immune system and the hormone thyroxine , needed to regulate metabolism .  researchers at the university of barcelona are looking at the effects of eating 28 g of walnuts ( seven shelled nuts ) every day , you need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium ( 700mg )
rump , fillet and t - bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out .  when we cook at home the majority of us ( 55 per cent ) rely on burgers or mince .  only a mere 3 per cent of over 55s fell for the fake cuts .  a fifth of 18 - 34 - year - olds also find larger cuts of beef daunting to cook .
floyd maywether ' s sparring partner jeremy ' j flash ' nichols takes on manny pacquiao ' s role during a mock interview .  mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media .  the filipino meets undefeated mayweather in a $ 300million mega - fight in las vegas on may 2 .
luis suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside neymar during a barcelona training session .  suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona since joining the club this season .  the former liverpool striker admits he is ' very self - critical ' .
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3 - 6 , 6 - 1 , 7 - 5 in stuttgart .  the german beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds .  kerber won the charleston grand prix for her second title of the season .
danny lambo , 37 , paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of natasha flynn , 29 .  the bath contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate and costs 1 , 000 each time to fill .  danny , whose actual surname is karne , claims he is known as ' lambo ' because of his passion for lamborghinis .
bishop robert finn , 62 , offered his resignation under the code of canon law .  allows bishops to resign early for illness or some ' grave ' reason that makes them unfit for office .  but children ' s rights advocates are urging pope francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals .
romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem .  darron gibson is a doubt but forward kevin mirallas and steven pienaar are back in contention .  everton have failed to score in three of their last four premier league matches .
jonas gutierrez has been a substitute in newcastle ' s last three games .  the 31 - year - old has finished on the losing side on each occasion .  gutierrez last played in the derby in april 2013 on a bad day for tyneside as sunderland ran out 3 - 0 winners at st james ' park .
jonathan trott returns to the england set - up for the first time since leaving last winter ' s ashes tour with a stress - related illness .  dr steve peters claims he did little more than give trott the tools to rebuild his career .  trott has spoken openly of his struggles since returning to the game .
cassey ' s youtube channel , blogilates , has over two million subscribers .
wilford was found in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county , north dakota .  he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade .
frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra .  mia farrow admitted that sinatra may be the father of her son , instead of woody allen .  farrow said that sinatra was the great love of her life , and says , ' we never really split up ' .
west ham are confident that the deal to move into the olympic stadium does not contravene domestic or european legislation .  the premier league club are set to move to the london 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016 - 17 season .  the report suggests the failure of london mayor boris johnson and the london legacy development corporation to obtain prior approval from the european commission .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , on easter sunday .  at 12 . 59pm on sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding .  a month before her wedding she texted her sister to say she was ' so freakin excited ' .  ms scott ' s parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter .
tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause .  most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow .  this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing .
the oklahoma transportation network company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity .  sen .  jason smalley rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination .  ' i believe if a private business owner wants to serve or not serve an individual , they have that purview right now , ' said smalley .
former great british bake off contestant , iain watters , is back to revive the simnel cake .  packed with moist fruit and marzipan , watters ' modern update has pistachios , nutmeg and chopped figs .
sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election .  sell - off could spread and spread to the stock and bond markets  driving share prices down and borrowing costs up for the government , businesses and families .  forecast from pollster yougov suggested the likely result on may 7 is a badly hung parliament .
ryan dearnley won the chance to walk out at wembley on saturday .  the 10 - year - old had said he hoped arsenal beat reading in the third round .  footage of him backing arsenal in the huddersfield examiner sparked outrage .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second - degree murder in the death of her son garnett - paul spears .  the boy ' s father , chris hill , was not emotionless and wrote of his wife ' s sentence ; ' please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it ' .
alanna and stephan goetzinger lost their daughter rana during a stillbirth in 2012 .  a coroner found the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth was ' grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby .  the couple have spoken out against the coroner ' s report which blames their midwife .
the final day of mercedes - benz fashion week kicked off with an explosion of colour in sydney .  the australiana - themed romance was born presentation .  design duo luke sales and anna plunkett presented their new collection ' cooee couture ' at the art gallery of new south wales .
southampton host hull city at st mary ' s on saturday ( 3pm kick - off ) steven davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem .  florin gardos is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery .  steve bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out - of - form keeper allan mcgregor .
south africa ' s sports minister has received assurances from fifa ' s ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in june .  fikile mbalula said he met with the chairman of the ethics committee ' s investigatory chamber , cornel borbely , in zurich this week .  no players were implicated , but referees were suspected of working for convicted match - fixer wilson raj perumal .
spartak moscow have been fined and their fans barred from two away games .  the club were fined 2 , 500 and had an appeal rejected by the russian football union .  spartak are currently sixth in the russian premier league .
ambermarie irving - elkins was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming .  the baby boy , malachi , was born in the hallways .
femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides - to - be .  from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills .  black vases will be on sale after halloween , red and gold after christmas and pink after valentine ' s day .
victoria beckham voted the most stylish brit of all time .  audrey hepburn came in second just ahead of david beckham .
islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in borno state to teach islam .  they opened fire on handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to houses .  new pictures show how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters are being encouraged draw pictures of the attacks as part of their therapy .
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop along ygnacio valley road in walnut creek .  while one man distracts a cashier at the window , another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine .  once the cord is attached , the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the atm from its mount .  sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac .
luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically - induced coma .  he broke his neck while on holiday with his wife jenny and their two - year - old son , nathan .  he was put into a coma in the portuguese capital , lisbon , for extensive surgery .  his father said it was too early to know whether the injuries will leave him permanently disabled .
sam allardyce wants his side to qualify for the europa league next season .  west ham sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points .  england currently sit third behind the republic of ireland and netherlands .
rosie , 27 , models her new lingerie range for autograph at m & s . full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints .  underwear will only involve a few clicks and skips out on the intensive cardio exercise and organic diet bit .
campaigners , police and mps have accused alison saunders of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear the stench of establishment cover - up .  even her one of her predecessors said the horrific allegations should have been resolved in the ' full public glare of a courtroom ' rather than her london office .  mrs saunders fought back saying it is her job as the head of the crown prosecution service to make  very difficult decisions  which are not necessarily popular .
raymond billam , 40 , claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres .  but fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for a sunday league team after being tipped - off about his fraudulent claims . the grandfather - of - four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26 - weeks in prison suspended for two years .
body of charmain adusah , 41 , found by hotel staff face down in a bath .  her husband , eric isaiah , 28 , was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died .  he told hotel managers at the time that his wife was ill and did not want to be disturbed .
james milner will make a final decision over his future at manchester city .  brendan rodgers is keen to fill the vacuum created by steven gerrard .  milner has made just 13 premier league starts from 31 games .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour .
lu xincai takes his 84 - year - old mother to work on the back of his motorbike .  he ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure she doesn ' t fall off .
at least 15 fortune 500 companies , many of them worth north of a $ 1 billion , paid zero income taxes in 2014 , says citizens for tax justice .  cbs , general electric and mattel all successfully manipulated the u . s . tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits .  some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions .
the test was set for 14 - year - olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad .  the olympiad often features logical reasoning questions and are set to test top achievers .
researchers from national chung hsing university in taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development .  they found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins .  by tweaking them , they can convert this lip into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the l complex using gene silencing .  lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them .
vincent viafore from poughkeepsie , new york , was thrown in on sunday evening .  he was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak .  his partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat at the time .
aston villa are four points above the bottom three and face manchester city .  tim sherwood is confident his side can secure their premier league survival .  gabriel agbonlahor is back from a hamstring injury while philippe senderos and aly cissokho are available again .
residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could .  officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed , while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way .  the dekalb county sheriff ' s office bused residents back to the scene of the devastation so they could begin to take stock of what was left of their property .
jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone , cut across lanes , and even driven down a bus lane until she demanded to be let out early .  uber billed her for $ 16 , 000 - with a $ 4 , 000 refund .
abdel - kader russell - boumzar was granted bail in brisbane ' s magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences .  the 17 - year - old shot to notoriety last october when footage of him apparently spitting on and racially abusing a train guard on a brisbane train went viral .  prosecutor deborah vasta said it seemed he ' d ' gone off the rails ' with a ' stupid meltdown ' on the train .
shane dunn , 25 , stabbed ian garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting him on the gay dating app grindr .  dunn , who was high on class a mephedrone , then stabbed him in the throat .  he then fled from the property with his victim ' s wallet , iphone , ipad and jewellery .  dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent .
prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse aaron hernandez of killing odin lloyd .  hernandez ' s two co - defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , were seen smoking pcp a few days before the crime .  both men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later .
the australian securities and investments commission took action against aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0 . 5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go .  aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers .  the supermarket said aldi had carried out an audit last year to make sure appropriate signs were visible .
images taken somewhere in the forests of north - eastern nigeria .  show the jihadis casually posing with assault rifles in front of the terror group ' s sinister black and white flag .  slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official isis releases .  boko haram have killed thousands and kidnapped hundreds in a battle to establish an islamic caliphate in nigeria .
official at the international monetary fund reportedly admitted he cannot envisage a successful conclusion to the country ' s bailout .  greek government repeated previous threats that unless more bail out money was made available then it would stop paying back creditors .  this would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone , although no state has ever left and there is no official exit process .
jamie silvonek , 14 , is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend to have her mother killed with her 20 - year - old boyfriend .  the teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy .  her boyfriend , caleb barnes , 20 , is charged with homicide .
john shipton ' s two - bedroom home at 36 kent street , newtown , was first put on the market for at least $ 1 . 1 million , but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid - march .  the founder of the wikileaks party , whose son is still seeking refuge in london  s ecuadorean embassy , managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on wednesday .
eden hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand ' s ' 5 ' magazine .  the 24 - year - old will be a key man for jose mourinho ' s side as they travel to the emirates on sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title .  hazard will be at london ' s grosvenor house hotel , hoping to beat the likes of harry kane and david de gea .
steven finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into england ' s test squad .  the middlesex seamer was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run .  the 26 - year - old has vowed to chase an england recall despite missing the west indies tour .
vet nick fisher , 31 , from leintwardine , shropshire , said twiglet was left behaving strangely .  the four - year - old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drug .  but after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his ' trip ' .
ray - ban sunglasses , amazon .  co . uk .
wood green animal charity has teamed up with a cleaning and diy app .  it allows users to book cleaners and handymen for home repairs .  cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning .  amazon is now offering a solution by allowing you to rent a goat .
manuel pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer , and if he is , he will have left little behind .  manchester city suffered their fifth defeat in seven matches .  there is no particular desire at the etihad stadium to sack him .  the chilean has not alienated or even polarised his dressing room .  james milner is one of very few englishmen in a first team squad that is too old , too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers .
chelsea will announce the 4 . 5million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan .  the 19 - year - old has been in london for talks with the blues this week .  nathan will join fellow brazilians willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league for the first time in 16 months after having played the same number of games since november 23 , 2013 .  city now trail united by a point , following monday ' s defeat at crystal palace , with seven league games remaining .  the last time this had happened after city ' s 1 - 0 defeat at sunderland on november 10 , 2013 , united sat sixth on 20 points , one ahead of louis van gaal ' s manchester derby at old trafford .
real madrid and atletico madrid meet for the fifth and sixth time in european competition .  carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema , leaving little choice but to play a 4 - 3 - 3 .  diego simeone will flood the midfield on tuesday night as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides .
phillip , his wife gaby and their two young children were left in an unsafe building with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house .  the family were forced to live in one room of the house as they couldn ' t afford to get the problems fixed straight away .  they had used all their savings to buy the property five years before for 325 , 000 .  the parents say they are devastated at being ' taken for a ride ' .
sir david nicholson is the latest expert to warn that ed miliband ' s plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going .  he was branded the ' man with no shame ' after refusing to resign over the mid staffs scandal which led to 1 , 200 needless deaths .
femail asked well - known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic anzac biscuit recipe , from sugar - free to a pimped - up chocolate and macadamia version .
joe root is the second - youngest england batsman to reach 2 , 000 test runs .  alastair cook was 182 days quicker than india great sachin tendulkar .  stuart broad continues to search for a run in this test series .
the body of stephanie scott , 26 , was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on friday afternoon .  the department of forensic medicine has made contact with ms scott ' s family to provide specialist grief counselling .  the beloved teacher went missing on easter sunday while preparing to go marry her fiance aaron leeson - woolley .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday .  the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .  other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station .
the 79th masters gets underway on thursday at augusta national .  tiger woods returns to action for the first time since february .  justin rose , ian poulter , lee westwood and henrik stenson will fancy their chances .
ground - based air defense directed energy on - the - move program .  system will be able to spot and track drones , then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser .  system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016 .
archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s .  collection includes eggs by much - loved brands like caramac , yorkie , rolo , toffee crisp , aero and even polo .
oscar - winning actor posted on social media that a ' benjamin cole ' of georgia was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history .  admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his past from finding your roots .
kristopher hicks , now 27 , was on his way home from a night out in bath .  michael young , 56 , mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to ' do a runner ' .  but when mr hicks objected , the driver continued on for almost a mile .  mr hicks suffered devastating brain injuries , developed epilepsy and requires round - the - clock care from his mother .
manuel delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday .  karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children .  after the video was posted at 7pm on sunday night to facebook it has been shared over 30 , 000 times and has over 1 million views .
st mirren ' s steven thompson speared john mcginn with a pole in training .  the scotland under 21 striker will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg by the pole .  thompson scored two goals in the 4 - 1 win over kilmarnock on saturday .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below .  wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera .  the two foxes fought each other in bitter sub - zero temperatures after one of them had been copulating with a vixen .
prime minister insists he has been an aston villa fan ' all his life ' .  he was giving a campaign speech in south london when he joked that everyone should back his team  but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants .  mr cameron said he had been ' overcome by something ' , adding : ' i don ' t know what happened to me , it was just one of those things ' .
the toddler is believed to be aged between two and three years old .  she carefully balances three bowls on her head as she performs dance moves .  the video has been reposted by numerous chinese video sites .
ed miliband will hand scottish mps the unprecedented power to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the uk .  he will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto , due to be published tomorrow .
a 66 - year - old man has been charged with a ' breach of the peace ' and public nuisance .  he will face brisbane magistrate ' s court on the morning of saturday ' s 100th anzac day commemoration service .  tens of thousands are set to gather around the eternal flame of remembrance in anzac square to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women .
a - listers from michelle obama to angelina jolie lent their support to the # bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved .  more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since .
rosdeep adekoya beat toddler mikaeel kular to death in january last year .  his death came just six months after he was returned to care following more than a year with foster carers .  social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years .  but a review into whether social care teams should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it ' could not have been predicted ' .
video shows galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs ( 50kg ) of pressure .  third - party warranty firm squaretrade has now responded with its own video .
dom joly climbed the mast for a special ' selfie ' pic before it set out to sea .  the 47 - year - old was invited to join up with team abu dhabi ocean racing .  the boats are expected to take 17 - 20 days to reach newport , u . s . joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained by britain ' s olympic medallist , tom daley .
the 69 - year - old collaborated with nbc ' s today show to launch a contest for one elvis - obsessed couple to win the ' ultimate wedding ' .  the winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley ' s graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .  along with the singer ' s former wife in the audience , the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on monday .  samir nasri dined out with girlfriend anara atanes on tuesday night .  the pair dined at hakkasan , an award - winning michelin star restaurant .  city are willing to use nasri as bait in a deal to sign paul pogba .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
doctor ' s wife and student plunged from living rooms into the basement below .  a workman was buried after a digger struck a load - bearing column . 20 students were left homeless and one of sheffield ' s main arterial roads was closed for a day .  landlords naveed and rizwan hussain were jailed for health and safety offences today .
don the border collie was at the controls when the sheepdog took control .  the tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road .  traffic scotland tweeted that there may be hold - ups  due to a dog taking control of tractor  before adding , ' nope , not joking ' .
the model credited with being the world  s first ever hatchback was unveiled to the public with the launch of france  s renault 16 in april 1965 .  now it accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the uk .  seven of the top ten sellers last year - including the top five - are classed as hatchbacks .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle ' s under - 21s on wednesday .  the 26 - year - old has been plagued by injuries since arriving from ajax .  de jong has made just three senior appearances for the club this season .
aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ' armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 .  torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting .  siler ' s family and friends have called the billboard ' disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down .
republican gov .  sam brownback is likely to sign a bill that hit his desk last week .  recipients would be limited , for the first time , to withdrawing $ 25 in cash per day .  liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments .
a graphic on nbc ' s today show on wednesday misidentified wednesday night live creator lorne michaels as ' lauren ' .  the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online .  michaels , a native of toronto , made up part of the titans category on the list compiled by time , which included rapper kanye west , apple ceo tim cook and reality tv star kim kardashian .
wellington silva signed for arsenal in january 2011 for a fee of 3 . 5million .  he has not been able to play for the club without a work permit .  wellington has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved but can now play for any team in the european union .  the 22 - year - old has played at spanish sides levante , alcoyano , ponferradina and murcia .
benik afobe has scored 31 times for mk dons and wolves this season .  the molineux hitman is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at wigan on saturday .  afobe says he feels ' unstoppable ' at the moment as he aims to become the country ' s top scorer .
the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of marilyn monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines .  features with a high spatial frequency ( einstein ) are only visible when viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies are only from further away . combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen .
a number of pages , written in arabic , have been found on the social media site .  they are said to be advertising ' reliable ' and ' comfortable ' travel to europe .  eu leaders have agreed a package of measures to tackle the escalating crisis .
benik afobe scored the winner in a 1 - 0 defeat of wigan at the dw stadium .  james mcclean was sent off for a second bookable offence in jury time .  the latics have to hope rotherham fail against reading and leeds next weekend while they win at griffin park on the last day of the season .
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk , including one used to fund a housing development in slovakia .  ' customers ' from outside the eu are requesting women with eu passports so they can make them pregnant .  migrants then claim they have a human right to a family life to raise the child .  centre for social justice report is based on interviews with senior police and officials in britain and overseas .
kenton lee , from nampa , idaho , came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small .  the shoe has adjustable points at the front , sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand .  pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position , triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight .
patients at wolfson children ' s hospital are able to remotely play with animals .  the system uses high - definition cameras and interactive toys .  children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them .  the idaho firm has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the us , letting anyone play with cats via the system .
benedict cumberbatch was challenged to a game by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai .  despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance , deng still won the match .  deng , one of the world ' s most successful players , at first offers the star a jumbo - sized paddle in an attempt to ease his nerves .
ronny deila has called for similar transparency as in his norwegian homeland .  celtic lost to inverness in scottish cup semi - final last weekend .  deila says referees facing the media would help quell long - running furores .  inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to appear in final after his ban was dismissed .
miniature space videos are filmed in the tiniest kitchen in the world .  shows how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods .  using a tiny cutter , the chef cuts out two small circles from a slice of bread .
gloriavale , a new zealand settlement of around 500 , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks .  several ex - members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls .  ' where i disagree is the way it ' s been brought out into the open , the leaders have dealt with it , ' she said .
video maker holds up two see - through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another .  drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and then scrolls a third cup .  the video maker initially uploaded the video to reddit .  according to one reddit user there are a total of 294 possible combinations that can be made from rotating cups .
rangers beat hearts 2 - 1 in the scottish championship on sunday .  stuart mccall says he was warned not to take over at ibrox by walter smith .  the gers boss has seen his new side win their last three games in a row .
fannie randle , who has worked at the usc sorority house for 24 years , was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape .  usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell presented ms randle with a $ 21 , 000 check last monday .
west indies captain denesh ramdin confirms devendra bishoo will play .  the 29 - year - old will play in the second test against england on tuesday .  wrist spin has long been a bete noire for england batsmen .  peter moores ' current side have yet to face a frontline leg - spinner .
west ham have picked up just 11 points in the premier league since the turn of the year .  but sam allardyce has told david sullivan not to judge his side on their form in 2015 .  the club have already beaten last year ' s total by two points with seven games to spare .
a blue and yellow bathing box on brighton  s dendy street beach in melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276 , 000 .  the winning bidder paid $ 150 , 000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history .  the bathing boxes were first built in 1862 and are part of melbourne ' s tourism history .
mario balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night .  brendan rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker but had hoped he could succeed where others had failed in actually getting through to him .  liverpool missed out on alexis sanchez last summer and instead paid 16million to sign the italy international from ac milan .
leaflet told stratford - upon - avon residents what items could go in them .  but a footnote said : ' this is not recyclable ' .  stratford district council was in top ten councils for recycling .
paddy power ' s controversial advert about the outcome of the oscar pistorius murder trial was the most complained about advertisement in britain last year .  one said : ' how dare you make the execution of black men in america the butt of your jokes ' .  another quipped : ' what ' s funny ? black people being killed ? explain yourself ' .
harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season for tottenham this season .  the 21 - year - old is also nominated for the pfa young player of the year .  kane ' s tottenham team - mate christian erisken sits third in the rankings .
detective sergeant stephen phillips , 46 , and police constables christopher evans , 37 , and michael stokes , 34 , are all facing charges of ' theft by a serving police officer ' .  the three officers from south wales police were arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force ' s professional standards department .  philips , of winch wen , swansea , evans of llangennech , carmarthenshire and stokes from glynneath were released on bail .
barcelona and bayern munich will play in the semi - final of the champions league in berlin on june 6 .  this season ' s competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory .  this is the best line - up ever and we might get the final to go with it .
nbc ' s 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six - month suspension for misleading viewers .  according to nielsen ratings , abc ' s world news tonight with david muir attracted 84 , 000 more viewers for the week ending april 3 , with the show pulling in 7 . 997 million viewers compared to nightly ' s 7 . 913 million .
dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline .  tammy abraham double had seen chelsea take a commanding 3 - 1 lead .  city ' s captain was a commanding presence at the heart of defence .
the queen was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma .  she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry .  today ' s second riding partner , lord vestry , is a close friend of the royal family .
arsenal beat liverpool 3 - 0 in their premier league clash on saturday .  the gunners have won seven on the spin in the premier league this season .  arsene wenger ' s side are simply the best of the ragged rest , each with their flaws which have made the title tussle something of a ' no contest ' .
alvaro morata joined real madrid for 15 . 8million last summer .  the 22 - year - old has scored seven goals in 22 serie a matches so far this season .  his agent beppe bozzo insists morata is happy at juventus .
the tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions .  as part of the deal , apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia - based nonprofit , the conservation fund , to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast . the new solar project in china has a capacity of 40 megawatts , which is smaller than some projects apple has announced in the united states .
gerard t . ' the frenchman ' ouimette was 75 .  he was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders .  he had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis .
manuela arbelaez ' s mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday ' s show .  the colombian - born model and host drew carey ' s win revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing .  she said it ' s the ' biggest mistake ever in game show history ' and the first of her six - year career .
doug hughes , 61 , made it through restricted airspace and a no - fly zone in a gyrocopter wednesday carrying 535 letters - - one for each member of congress - - and landed the aircraft on the capitol lawn .  hughes ' wife , alena , said she is proud of her husband and said he is a ' patriot ' .
the rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version of which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel .  the single yellow submarine , written by paul mccartney and sung by ringo starr , spent four weeks at the top of the uk charts .  the original cel is set to sell for 10 , 000 at auction in dallas , texas , on thursday .
pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1 . 3million social tenants was centrepiece of tory manifesto launch .  housing associations responded furiously  with one board member lambasting the proposal as the  right to steal  there were even threats of a legal challenge , potentially under european human rights laws .
benik afobe opened the scoring for the home side at molineux .  richard stearman equalised shortly after half - time for the visitors .  afobe scored his 31st goal of the season for wolves .
saracens face harlequins in the aviva premiership quarter - final .  jacques burger is loved by his team - mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon .  the namibian farmer ' s son from windhoek says he is ' happy to crack on and give 100 per cent every time i get the opportunity ' .
lydia ko equalled annika sorenstam ' s lpga tour record of 29 under par rounds in a row .  the 17 - year - old hit a 6 - iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158 - yard , par - 5 ninth .  ko bogeyed three of the next four holes to make the turn at the ana inspiration .  defending champion lexi thomas could only manage a round of 72 on her opener .
scientists at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen have measured how big the glaciers are , and their similarity to glaciers on earth .  evidence of water on mars dates back to the mariner 9 mission , which arrived in 1971 .  it revealed clues of water erosion in river beds and canyons as well as weather fronts and fogs .
por - bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia .  experts believe it could have been anything from a prison , a monastery , or an astronomical observatory .  the plot thickens as the way it was built , along with the construction materials use , hint at chinese architectural tradition .
daniela d ' addario ' s body was found in the boot of her car on wednesday .  a 27 - year - old man has been charged with her murder and will face the act magistrates court on friday .  the couple had been in a ' very tumultuous relationship ' for about four months .  she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in fiji after he moved into her apartment .
roberto carlos claims to find coaching ' easy ' after pressures he faced as a player .  the 42 - year - old guided sivasspor to sixth place in the 2013 - 14 turkish super lig .  carlos played for a number of top coaches such as fabio capello and roy hodgson .
fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on earth .  this means that larger animals need more resources to survive , so are less common than plentiful ants , for example .  mr simpson said there must be a minimum size necessary for supporting intelligent life , based on the range of body sizes of intelligent animals such as apes and humans .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe .  this is the second time sterling has been pictured in the past few days .  liverpool will demand to secure the services of a player like sterling .  sterling will be lectured on the dangers of nitrous oxide .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
sevilla came from behind to take control of the europa league quarter - final tie against zenit st petersburg .  aleksandr ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first - half .  fiorentina rescued a 1 - 1 draw away to dynamo kiev in ukraine .
alastair cook ' s innings into day three was spot on , particularly the first hour of it .  cook has struggled when he has looked to make runs with shots that he rarely employed before .  the key for him is not to play the drive too early , when the ball is moving around and his balance at the crease is not quite right .
national grid has revealed the uk ' s first new pylon for nearly 90 years .  it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons .  but it is able to carry just as much power - 400 , 000 volts .  it ' s designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy .
donald trelford , 74 , had his son ben , now four , when he was 73 .  his daughter rosabella , 52 , and peter , 76 , are expecting a sibling for their 20 - month - old daughter .
bruce davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ' shorty ' shea .  he was sentenced to life in prison in 1972 but was 30 years old . gov .  jerry brown rejected that decision in august , saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the brutality of the killings .  davis ' record shows there is ' some evidence ' he is dangerous and shouldn ' t be freed .
played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age .  violet will be seen as her far younger self , with events taking place decades before the first series of downton abbey .
sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ' step up ' this summer .  the likes of morgan schneiderlin , yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted by some of the premier league ' s less glamorous clubs .  sportsmail takes a look at 10 champions league players who have caught the eye of the ' big boys ' .
curtly ambrose looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 .  england ' s ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team - mate justin holder .  shiv chanderpaul ' s test career for the west indies has lasted over 21 years and 28 days .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
tony mccoy finished third in his 17 , 630th race at sandown park .  the 20 - time champion jockey has ridden in more than 17 , 000 races .  he was joined on stage by his wife chanelle and daughter eve .
a goat in paramus , new jersey , was headbutting a door in the wealthy community .  the animal was not injured in the incident .  a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock .  a woman from oregon offered a $ 250 reward for the return of her pet goat pete this week after it was stolen .
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany - based firm esooka .  it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists .  since 1997 , ptb has studied the cosmic radiation at typical flight altitudes and used this to calculate radiation levels .  it can measure all the relevant types of radiation , in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere .
rory mcilroy and phil mickelson go out in the penultimate group of the group .  the world no 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one - under - par 71 .  he is seven shots behind first - round leader jordan spieth .
u .  s . district judge lance africk set a trial date for june 22 .  durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center .  he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in pennsylvania - one of possessing a . 38 - caliber revolver after a felony conviction .  his lawyers say those convictions don ' t make it illegal for him to carry a gun under louisiana law .
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 .  phil mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 .
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50 , 000 to 100 , 000 years ago .  much of it , they say , involved cavemen grunting , or hunter - gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way .  but in a new study , one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own .
schoolgirl ' s water bottle was spiked with highly corrosive hydrochloric acid .  she was left needing urgent medical treatment at hounsdown school .  two pupils have been suspended following the incident .  headteacher julie turvey said the school is taking the matter ' very seriously ' .
facinet keita , 31 , was representing guinea in the 2012 olympics .  he was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the men ' s + 100kg .  his wife has now split from him because she ' couldn ' t wait for him ' .
about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a busy road near the city of sale , morocco . terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van , which is understood to have been transporting football fans .
kaka hit the gym routine in a bid to help orlando city arrest their run of three games without a win .  the brazilian midfielder posted a picture of himself working on his gym routine on instagram .  kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season against new york city fc .
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean - up of roads was hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .  but the hse denied tightening rules and said councils were  over - interpreting  legislation .  sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
there are now 1 . 02million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours .  this compares to a 4 % rise in women choosing part - time work over the same period .  men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full - time .
jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea ' s next generation .  the chelsea under 19s won the uefa youth cup last week .  the under 18s will attempt to defend the youth cup against manchester city .  john terry was the last truly successful youth product at chelsea .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
robert de niro , 71 , has been a long - time supporter of the democratic party .  he said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ' no surprises ' .  he was joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co - founder jane rosenthal .  she also gave her backing to the ex - first lady , saying : ' she  s smart , has run things before , and knows how government works and how to get things done ' .
jessica kensky and patrick downes , who lost limbs in the 2013 marathon , have opposed the death penalty as a means of punishment for their attacker .  the couple ' s statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight - year - old boy , martin richard , who was killed in the blast . this week , a jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole .
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for derby since january .  the 31 - year - old was out of favour with paul lambert and steve mcclaren .  bent ' s form has caught the attention with new villa boss tim sherwood .
barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 champions league matches since 1992 .  the spanish giants are way out on top in the club scoring charts .  lionel messi is way out in front in the breakdown of barcelona ' s champions league scorers .
the 37 - year - old rapper penned an essay for paper magazine ' s american dream issue less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the magazine .  he said that if there was an illuminati , ' it would be more like the energy companies ' - not hollywood stars .
former missouri auditor tom schweich had talked for years of taking his life - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself , police said .  police say they have found nothing to suggest the death of the former auditor was anything other than a suicide .
chris roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse , new york .  roberts , who works for security intelligence company one world labs , was questioned for the next four hours .  experts worry planes ' flight and entertainment systems could be compromised by terrorist hacking .
lib dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art .  he will use tomorrow ' s manifesto to promise a ' stronger economy and a fairer society ' .  clegg has promised to ' spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits and whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the wealthy .
natasha hope - simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit - and - run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee .  she received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space .  if she wasn ' t holding a cane , one might not be able to tell she was missing her leg because she wears a prosthetic leg that helps her walk .
dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter - strewn shanty town .  they are linked to the occupy london movement that caused chaos in london when they set up camp outside st paul ' s cathedral in 2011 .  last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month .
the robot , named bb - 8 , took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body .  jj abrams , the film  s director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works .  from today , star wars fans will be able to tweet a star wars emoji using new emojis exclusive to the social network .
the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power .  with a height of just 1 . 3 inches , the gun could easily be hidden up 007 ' s sleeve .  weighing in at just 0 . 6 ounces , each gram will cost the aspiring owner 230 .
only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens .  average one usually containing a mere four species  daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips .  almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it .
red is the overwhelming colour across the football league in terms of the party that governs clubs ' constituencies .  ed miliband  s party has mps in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england  s top four divisions .  liberal democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power .
sergio aguero has scored six goals for manchester united this season .  the argentine forward says scoring against manchester united is enough to give him shivers .  he has hailed radamel falcao as one of the most gifted strikers in world football .
miriam gonzalez durantez , wife of deputy prime minister and mother of three boys , wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and gala gala in central london tonight .  her bright pink , long - sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the ldny show and wie ( women : inspiration and enterprise ) award gala at goldsmiths ' hall celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion .
analysis of what brits were searching for during last night ' s tv debate reveals viewers wanted to know why david cameron was a no - show .  labour ' s ed miliband , snp ' s nicola sturgeon , ukip ' s natalie bennett and plaid cymru ' s leanne wood also searched for items on google .
england under 21 captain jack butland voted for harry kane to win pfa player of the year .  the 22 - year - old is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european under 21 championship since dave sexton ' s team won the trophy in 1984 .  butland hopes kane can emulate iker casillas at the european championship in the czech republic this summer .
jeff dubois of kiro , washington , struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5 .  during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times .  the company that owns the insects , belleville honey and beekeeping supply of burlington , sent beekeepers to recover as many as possible .
a top judge in brisbane has said that surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent a repeat of the baby gammy case .  justice diana bryant said that if we allow it in australia , we then can regulate it and ensure that it ' s done on ethical terms . this week an australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their indian surrogate mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins .
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine ' s disappearance .  in a written verdict , a lisbon court agreed that amaral should pay 250 , 000 ( 179 , 000 ) each in damages and banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie .
sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , initially came to new york city to peruse a career in education .
adam federici pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final .  alexis sanchez ' s low shot squirmed through the legs of reading goalkeeper alexis sanchez in extra time .  the ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game .
pastor aracely meza , 49 , is accused of helping to starve the boy to rid him of a ' demon ' .  witnesses told police that he was starved for 25 days , being given only water four to five times a day .  church member nazareth zurita said the toddler , whose name has not been released , fell and hit his head several times , but she hesitated to help him ' due to his demon possession ' .
ian watson is poised to come out of his retirement at the age of 38 .  salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury .  salford are without rangi chase , weller hauraki , cory paterson and darrell griffin through suspension .
manchester city won the premier league title last season .  alan pardew has refused to rule manchester city out of the title race .  chelsea are six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
danielle davies , 21 , gave birth to harley at 12lb 5oz on april 10 .  she insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby .  harley weighs 11lb 5lb and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .
briony ingerson posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make - up on april 11 .  fox sports australia tweeted a photo of a man in black face in south africa ' s kruger national park as part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star .  on tuesday the photo made headlines and ingerson responded with a message on twitter , insisting she had not meant any harm .
cute calf was taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa .  when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass .  eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud .
a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox , the poll by online file - sharing service lifetile found .  ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos , letters and mementos  leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork .  only six per cent keep a back - up copy of vital paperwork online , while just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer .
the man was found on the streets of gniezno , western poland in february .  he told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from .  local police have published images of the man in the hope someone might identify him .
steel structures for the new main stand are now taller than the existing structure .  work on the main stand expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016 - 17 season with 9 , 000 seats to be added .  that will take the capacity of the stand up to 21 , 000 and increase the stadium ' s capacity from 45 , 000 to 54 , 000 .
the light general aviation aircraft approaches the aero acres residential airpark .  despite the fact the plane travels at speed , its descent towards the landing strip appears normal .  its propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact .
australian designer akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins .  some models were embellished with just sequinned brows .  others sported an entire mask of face bling .
robert harding , 89 , of raleigh , north carolina , served as an aircraft handler on the yorktown aircraft carrier many decades before his young friends were born .  carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , had been in contact for about a year but only got to meet each other recently .  mr harding , who is still married and has a couple of children along with several great grandchildren , said : ' we want to know what his voice actually sounds like ' .
the fanuc cr - 35ia claims to be the first ' heavy - lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with humans without the need for safety fences .  it uses integrated vision technology called irvision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator .  it ' s covered in a green soft plastic cover , which is designed to protect humans and could be used in a number of industries , from warehouses to production lines .
newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone after seven games .  john carver has hit back at recent criticism aimed at his side .  the former newcastle captain has been left with a sour taste in his mouth .  owen has been joined by phil neville and jamie carragher in criticising the team and the lack of ambition at the club .
the teacher , who had not been named , was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque , new mexico , when he made the chilling remark around a week ago .  some students were so distressed by what they heard , that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher .  mother margie brooks , whose son was in the class , said : ' the minute that allegation was made by these kids i would have done something about it ' .
a group of anonymous artists erected a 4 - foot - high , 100 - pound bust of edward snowden in brooklyn ' s fort greene park early monday morning .  the artists spent six months and $ 30 , 000 working on a life - like effigy of the 31 - year - old whistle - blower who has been living in exile in moscow since 2013 .
niki lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at nico rosberg ahead of the chinese grand prix of china .  the three - time world champion is now chairman of mercedes f1 .  lauda said rosberg is a little bit behind lewis hamilton , who also outperformed the german in the first two races , in australia and malaysia .
christian longo was sentenced to death in a six - by - eight foot death row cell .  he murdered his wife and three children in oregon in december 2001 .  he then went on a booze - fuelled holiday to cancun , mexico , where he posed as a shamed new york times reporter .  now a film about his life , true story , starring james franco and jonah hill , has been released .
a second person is dead after a body was found in alabama waters following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near mobile bay .  crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta on saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people .  not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta , according to authorities .
diego maradona works on his fitness by taking part in some boxing training .  the 54 - year - old guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986 .  he has undergone gastric bypass surgery but now keeps his weight in check .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes .  footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard , as she sits with her back legs placed on the piano stool .  after a 20 - second rendition , she decides she ' s had enough for one day and turns around to take a bow .
tham khoun ex caves , commonly known as xe bang fai river caves , feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits .  visitors are able to kayak through the waters , or explore adjacent chambers on foot .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford on sunday .  louis van gaal says robin van persie is not yet fit enough to play .  the united boss has ruled him out of the game after ankle trouble .
sian harkin , 54 , abused her position of authority by signing 30 , 000 to a builder .  she claimed the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth .  harkin signed six cheques to slocombe over a six - month period .  she was jailed for 43 months for fraud at merthyr tydfil crown court .
fka twigs , rihanna and lady gaga have been wearing the body jewellery .  the septum ring is also known as the ' bull - ring piercing ' .  in australia , aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose .
london mayor praised the coalition for having kept down unemployment .  he said the fact that more jobs were being created was ' one of the absolute moral triumphs ' of the government .  mr johnson is standing to be a tory mp in a west london constituency .  labour ' s stephen pound said : ' i ' m thinking of a sentence with the words pot , kettle and black in it ' .
study was conducted by scientists at purdue university in indiana .  they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes .  research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes .  the study was published in the condor : ornithological applications .
just 28 of 700 , 000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name .  that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .  in 2013 , it didn ' t even make the top 1 , 000 .
patrons at a bar opening inside the resorts world casino , near jfk airport , reportedly turned on one another .  video of the fight sees a crowd of people punching , kicking , shouting and re - purposing casino decorations as weapons .  four people were arrested , and will be charged in due course .
lib dem leader hopes to hold the balance of power after may 7 .  he told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting a hung parliament .  mr clegg said it would be a ' messy ' way to run the country .
hull fc beat widnes 22 - 8 to make it back - to - back wins for the first time since last june .  tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye - catching hat - trick .  jamie shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points .
chris martin and darren bent scored for derby in the second half .  chris martin ' s goal gave the rams the lead at the dw stadium .  steve mcclaren ' s side have now won eight games in a row .
scar booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast : ' your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating ' .  bulliesout , a cardiff - based anti - bullying charity , hit out at the app via facebook , stating : ' it  s a very negative thing about the society we live in if people think this sort of thing is fun or funny ' .
' she ' s going to push some emotional thing on us , ' student hallie corum in between classes at kirkwood community college ' s regional center in monticello , iowa .  ' what else is she supposed to do ? ' one student said .  ' i didn ' t know hillary clinton was running ? go ask corey .  he ' s up on all that stuff ' .
paleontologists have found evidence that a relative of tyrannosaurus rex may have indulged in cannibalism .  another daspletosaurus , which means ' frightful lizard ' , could grow to nine metres ( 30ft ) as adults and weigh up to four tons .
as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios .  dozens of brave souls even attend the late - night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani .  the custom dates back to the 19th century , when the island was under turkish occupation , but may have older roots .
chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing stoke city at stamford bridge .  cesar azpilicueta and his club team - mates have been considered title favourites .  jose mourinho ' s men have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their opening 3 - 1 win over burnley .
laura alicia caldero , 26 , claims she was sitting under a palm tree on mamitas beach in playa del carmen when armed police forcibly removed her .  the woman ' s friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about 70 .  the beach , located in the tourist - friendly quintana roo , is one of the most popular among tourists from europe and the us .
the prevention of terrorism act - passed in kuala lumpur yesterday - officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial .  but it will be decided by a government - appointed terrorism board , not a judge and jury .  human rights watch described it as ' a giant step backwards for human rights ' .
serena williams beat sara errani 4 - 6 7 - 6 ( 3 ) 6 - 3 in the fed cup play - off .  world no 1 said her struggle to beat her was a real ' eye - opener ' .  us were beaten 3 - 2 by errani and flavia pennetta in the doubles .
kim kardashian said it was ' very disappointing ' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office .  the reality star , whose armenian heritage comes from her father , has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide .  historians estimate that 1 . 5 million armenians were killed by ottoman turks during world war i .
sam schmidt drove a sports car on the long beach grand prix road course sunday despite being paralyzed from the neck down .  the modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray allowed schmidt to navigate the car independently using only his head and mouth .  schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi - autonomous motorcar , or sam car .  the car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human - to - machine interface which allows quadriplegics to safely operate the vehicle under ' racetrack conditions ' .
manny pacquiao ' s shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth $ 2 . 25m ( 1 . 5m ) the five - division champion is said to be worth $ 300m and then some to those involved .  pacman was visited by sylvester stallone in the latest of a string of celebrity meet - ups on saturday .  mayweather ' s cut is to be in excess of 80m before a range of income from the fight are split by mayweather promotions .
families on the high green estate in sheffield say they are being ' held to ransom ' .  cctv shows youngsters shooting at homes and each other as they blatantly carry air rifles and bb guns through the estate .  residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at .
today is the 150th anniversary of confederate general robert e . lee ' s surrender of the army of northern virginia to union lt .  gen .  ulysses s . grant .  the surrender marked the beginning of the end of the american civil war in 1865 .
ukip announced it would make it a bank holiday in england on st george ' s day .  economic spokesman patrick o ' flynn faced questions on whether st george would have been welcomed by a 3rd - century ukip .  he said : ' i guess dragon - slaying is a skill but whether it is one that ' s in short supply for the needs of the british economy ' .
shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your lbd for an lrd ? it  s a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn  t suit you .
terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames .  his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him .  the 29 - year - old , from hawthorne , nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms .
nicky law has emerged as a 500 , 000 target for a trio of english clubs .  brighton , brighton and reading are showing the strongest interest . lewis macleod will not kick a ball for brentford this season after 850 , 000 move .
looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life .  you haven ' t recovered from giving birth and are responsible for entertaining , feeding and cleaning an unstoppable machine .  parenting blogger emily - jane clark has compiled a list of ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother .
a baltimore police officer was pictured lobbing a piece of rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on .  fifteen police officers were injured monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of freddie gray .  about 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire as revenge for gray ' s death .  baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings - blake has promised that the rioters will be held accountable for the damage they have caused .
jessica chastain and her boyfriend , gian luca passi de preposulo , spent $ 5 . 1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3 . 5 bathrooms . the space is located in new york city ' s midtown neighborhood and not far from central park .
svetlana lokhova , 33 , was driven to a breakdown by bullying male colleagues .  workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user , dubbed her ' miss bonkers ' and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks .  she was awarded 3 . 14million for lost earnings , 44 , 000 for hurt feelings and 15 , 000 in aggravated damages by judges at the central london employment tribunal .
sarah stage , a 30 - year - old from los angeles , came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock - hard abs .  her son , james hunter , was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday .
kyle hargreaves , 18 , jailed for two years and eight months at grimsby crown court .  paramedics found him kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle .  teenager punched mr newman three times as the patient was being carried out .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe - tapping pop song , classic by mkto .  video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on .  to date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900 , 000 times .
analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of fossil fuel in the weald basin , near gatwick airport , across surrey , sussex and kent .  potential goldmine could meet up to a third of britain  s oil demand within 15 years , according to the consortium exploring the area .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time this century .  the thrilla in manila , in quezon city , philippines , is the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history .  muhammad ali v joe frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s .  this time don king had manila in mind as the next heavyweight stop for his globe - trotting circus .
atletico madrid centre back miranda has one year left on his contract .  the 31 - year - old has also been offered to manchester united and manchester city .  chelsea and atletico held talks over miranda last summer .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
dale forrest , 26 , would drink up to 12 pints a night and ballooned to 24 stone .  he was worried he would look like a ' beached whale ' next to his friends on holiday .  in december 2013 , the bank teller decided to ditch the booze , give up his favourite fatty readymeals and hit the gym .  he said : ' i no longer feel like people are laughing at me and all it took was a bit of willpower ' .
rahul kumar , 17 , clambered over the enclosure fence at zoo in ahmedabad .  began running towards lions , shouting : ' today i kill a lion or a lion kills me ! ' .  explained afterwards that he was drunk and ' thought i ' d stand a good chance ' .
tony pulis is planning talks with west brom chairman jeremy peace .  the baggies finished 10th and 8th in the premier league last season .  pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market .  neil taylor and bakary sako are on pulis ' shopping list .
architect and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city .  the 32 - year - old aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city , as it contrasts with the ornate , ottoman architecture .  yener documents his work to his instagram , which has over 50 , 000 followers .
millions of users took to reddit in their millions in hope of pinpointing the suspect or suspects behind the boston marathon bombings .  their claims even led to 22 - year - old sunil tripathi , a brown university student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber .  now , the moderator of the subreddit thread , chris ryves , has told of his regrets about the thread - which he says nearly became ' its own beast ' .
rita , 24 , has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range .  has taken the brand ' s classics and put her own bold spin on them .  femail caught up with the global star to find out her influences .
louis van gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark .  the manchester united boss would prefer them to prepare by training under lights ahead of a night match .  the installation of the lights will also allow extra time to work with his charges in the notoriously bleak manchester winters .  united have had to persuade planning bosses that the development would not disturb the local bat population .
the omura ' s whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa .  it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia .  the species is usually found in indonesian waters , the philippines and the sea of japan .
the service , called ' project fi , ' debuted today , about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever - growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones .  google is selling the basic phone service for $ 20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month , instead of a flat rate .  each gigabyte of data will cost $ 10 a month .
the suzy lamplugh trust , a london - based charity , aims to ' make society a safer place ' .  the t - shirts feature phrases such as ' i heart my stalker ' and ' some people call it stalking .  i call it love ! ' .  they play into people ' s fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help with stalkers .
filmmaker michael konig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity .  it was made by stitching together footage from nasa ' s solar dynamics observatory over five years .  the movie , called sun , was created by filmmaker michael .  konig .  it uses footage recorded by nasa  s spacecraft between 2011 and 2015 .  highlights of the video include  coronal rain  streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the sun  s surface .
the 30 - year - old lingerie model and animal rights activist from los angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies .  james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week , putting paid to sarah ' s critics .
camel may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 .  genetic analysis of the beast show it was a bactrian - dromedary hybrid  a breed popular in the ottoman army at the time .
tracy stratton claims her daughter , tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham , south east london .  she claims the seven - year - old has been left so traumatised she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house .
children ' s clothing company trotters unveils ' new born baby collection ' .  includes boy ' s t - shirts , romper suits and pink cardigans for girls .
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months , police said .  monroe county sheriff ' s major jeff kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in flat rock .  the maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain poison ivy when she attended a halloween party on october 25 .
levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2 : 38 a . m . wednesday , making him this year  s first tax day baby at memorial university medical center .  the donation , made by path2college 529 , is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial .  the other lucky winner was a baby named johnathan , the child of david choe and his wife jennifer .
alistair brownlee won his return to world triathlon series action in cape town .  the 27 - year - old missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury .  brownlee ' s brother jonny missed the event to concentrate on the upcoming triathlon test event in rio .
leeds united are the subject of a takeover bid from red bull .  massimo cellino said leeds ' majority shareholder eleonora sport was considering the offer .  but leeds chairman andrew umbers said he was not aware of an offer .  cellino was disqualified from running the club in december after an italian court found him guilty of tax evasion .
daniel boykin , 33 , plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes .  he was sentenced to six months prison for stalking a colleague at nashville international airport last year .  boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim and 1 , 527 photographs .  the victim , who has not been named , came forward in may 2014 .
bette carrouze , 78 , from brighton , loves all night parties and enjoys nights out .  the single mother of two says she is not your run of the mill pensioner .  daughters kim and sue are supportive of their mother ' s party lifestyle .  ' i don ' t want to go back to ironing shirts and saying : ' here ' s your dinner darling ' .
ac milan say it does ' not want to magnify the issue ' .  black players were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse .  milan plays benfica in monday ' s semi - finals of the youth tournament .
deep brain stimulation ( dbs ) is a technique already used to treat parkinson ' s disease .  it can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed .  experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall , and it is hoped the same will apply to humans .  the device was implanted into middle aged rats , sending out minute electrical impulses , and the animals performed better in memory tests compared to those who had not been stimulated , even after 24 hours .
researchers observed factors such as the adult  s level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed .  children whose carers were distracted were  significantly  more likely to behave in this way .  electronic devices such as mobile phones were responsible for 30 per cent of all parental distractions .
reading had to play their fa cup replay against bradford in the last round .  the match between chelsea and manchester united is also scheduled to be televised at the same time as their semi - final against arsenal at wembley on saturday .
zeid ra  ad al - hussein said boko haram ' s reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity against humanity ' .  he said if reports are true , bgo haram have committed crimes .  if confirmed , if true , they would , if confirmed .  this comes in response to last week ' s reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from primary schools to be used as ' human shields ' .
william and harry swapped instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food .  darren mcgrady said their ' juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' .  the former chef said he was ' more scared of the nanny than i was of william ' .
kendalia halle was built more than 100 years ago by german immigrants .  through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state ' s population .  only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis .
chelsea have topped the premier league since the opening day of the season .  jose mourinho has lauded his side ' s consistency , stability , confidence and a brave approach to every game .  the blues are seven points clear at qpr with eight matches remaining .
more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the st catherine ' s hill nature reserve in dorset .  the 70 hectare area of dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off down the slope .  thousands of animals are feared to have been wiped out by the blaze after yesterday ' s strong winds of up to 45mph .
paranormal investigator jayne harris has received messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of peggy .  some reported flashing visions of ' mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety .  one woman , who wishes to remain anonymous , even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of mrs harris and peggy in a car together on march 16 .
gary warren will miss the scottish cup final after picking up his second booking of the competition in sunday ' s scottish cup semi - final win over celtic .  the 30 - year - old also missed last year ' s league cup final for the same reason .  warren feels the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellows is ' ridiculous ' .
abu khaled al - cambodi has starred in a 12 - minute propaganda video .  he has ordered his ' beloved brothers ' to ' rise up ' and attack targets in australia .  the 23 - year - old is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of australian militants for the islamic state .  despite the most recent local headlines surrounding anti - muslim prejudice have focused upon sydney woman stacey eden , 23 , standing up for a couple being bullied on the train .
judy murray , 55 , has only just tied the knot with his long - term partner kim sears .  the couple wed at dunblane cathedral on saturday , drawing more than 3 , 000 well - wishers to the streets of his home town .  mrs murray , who has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year , said she would be a ' very active granny ' .
the korean demilitarized zone ( dmz ) is located along the no - man ' s land between the north and south .  it was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south .  the beaches have become increasingly popular in recent years with south korea ' s middle class .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , appeared on who wants to be a millionaire in 2010 .  she was tripped up on the $ 12 , 500 level after flying through the first few questions .  despite having used two lifelines , she answered wrong and walked away with around $ 5 , 000 .
aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association .  it is alleged that villa failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch .  reading ' s 2 - 0 win at villa park had to be temporarily stopped .  reading lost 2 - 1 after extra - time to arsenal , who will play villa in the fa cup final .
bud dodson , 57 , has been living in his rv for years since his apartment burned down and he was left homeless .  there are around 30 drivers that float in and out of the parking lot in the sodo area of the city in washington state .
foxtel will launch the third season of the us women ' s prison drama orange is the new black by cable tv ' s foxtel .  both foxtel and netflix share the rights to the series as an on - demand streaming title as well as a streaming title .  when the series premieres on netflix on june 12 , foxtel can upload the entire season and offer episodes on an on demand basis for customers .
qpr beat aston villa 3 - 3 at loftus park in the premier league on monday .  rob green initially slips over while retrieving the ball behind the goal .  the 35 - year - old initially let rob green ' s shot slip through his legs .  belgium powerhouse christian benteke scored a hat - trick against their fellow relegation strugglers to move three points clear of the safety zone .
josh darnbrough , 24 , awoke after a party to find his friend had tattooed his back .  his mate rob gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ' if found face down call an ambulance ' .  josh only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror .  he said his partner went ' absolutely bonkers ' when she saw the prank .
lee allan bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 .  a 10 - year - old boy , identified in court documents as l . t . , reportedly admitted to killing bonneau .  he told friends he had witnessed a ' big guy ' strike the victim with a rock .
me - bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three - and - a - half years old .  the small elephant left the tourism trade ' because she was too young [ and ] began to lose weight and could not carry the tourists any longer ' .
joe root and joe root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket in antigua .  ben stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as england reached 341 for five .  bell and root lifted england ' s run rate and got them out of a hole .
1986 janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery .  home office has refused to comment on the dossier , which could potentially conceal the name of a second person , it is alleged .  up to 30 people have reportedly told police they were abused by lord janner , with more coming forward since it was announced he will not be charged with child sex offences .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization .  but federal prosecutors say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states .
kim roberts admitted stealing antiques and paintings from countess of bathurst . the 58 - year - old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to the riches .  roberts ' haul was said to be worth a total of 500 , 000 at an earlier hearing .
the los angeles - based company has switched to a web - only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations .  founder frederick mellinger opened the pinup - inspired lingerie brand ' s first store in los angeles in 1947 and went on to launch a mail order catalog in the 1960s .  mr mellinger , who famously said ' sex appeal is always in style ' , died in 1990 at the age of 76 .
tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different sounds when struck and made to vibrate .  vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin , lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen .  some say it ' s the non - jab equivalent of botox .
alex oxlade - chamberlain and kieran gibbs posed for a selfie at the emirates .  tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest kardashian sister - 17 - year - old kylie jenner .  the rack city artist looked delighted to receive the no 52 arsenal shirt .
gina maria schumacher , 17 , was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth .  the 17 - year - old was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in the ' first go - round 2nd section ' .
diego costa limped off in chelsea ' s 2 - 1 win over stoke city on saturday .  the spain international will miss just over two weeks due to a hamstring injury .  costa is likely to be fit to face arsenal in what could prove a key game .  the trip to the emirates stadium is the most likely date for the striker to return to jose mourinho ' s side .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
manchester city are keeping tabs on juventus striker alvaro morata .  the spain international was a target for arsenal a year ago .  real madrid have a buy - back option set at around 15million .
' first of its kind ' equipment will be able to detect activity at a distance .  sensors were so precise there would be ' no false alarms ' .  decision comes after israeli army considered more than 700 proposals .
liam dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on - going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old .  he died at derriford hospital in plymouth , devon , in march last year from ' intra - abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault .  police are considering manslaughter charges after an inquest into his death .
synaesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together .  researchers from the department of psychology at stanford university used data from 6 , 588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters .  they compared these colour - letter matches to fridge magnets sold by fisher - price between 1971 and 1990 .
essex county council has drawn up ' loneliness maps ' to tackle loneliness .  campaigners say local councils should draw up maps of places where residents are most likely to suffer from social isolation .  the maps are being used to target ' danger zones ' of loneliness , say campaigners .  the campaign to end loneliness has now called on other councils to copy the maps and draw up their own versions for their local area .
anne jarmain , 86 , went missing in maitland , nsw , on wednesday .  she was popped out for milk when she tried to overtake a stalled car .  her body was found 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road .  her family and friends are in shock , with her neighbours saying they could not convince ms jarmain to stay at home .
sam burgess was among the try - scorers for bath against london irish .  leroy houston , jonathan joseph , matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni were also on target .  chris noakes registered the first points of the night for the visitors .
memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season .  psv eindhoven director marcel brands reveals there is a high chance his side ' s star player will leave in the summer .  the 21 - year - old worked under man united boss louis van gaal during holland ' s successful 2014 world cup campaign .
more than 1 , 000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law - making .  the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day .  making it an offence to wash or dry clothes in parliament or trafalgar squares was designed to prevent protesters setting up camp at tourist spots .
chris roberts , a computer security researcher , attempted to board a united flight from colorado to san francisco to speak at a major conference this week .  he was stopped by the airline ' s corporate security at the gate .  the airline made the decision not to allow roberts to fly on united ' because he made public statements about having aircraft systems ' .
paul aldridge will leave sheffield wednesday at the end of next season .  aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and ceo in january 2011 .  glenn roeder is now part of a new managerial committee team .
arkansas gov .  asa hutchinson said wednesday that he won ' t sign a new religious freedom bill that critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians .  he is sending it back to lawmakers for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act .  ' the bill that is on my desk at the present time does not mirror the federal law , ' hutchinson said .
every woman surveyed in paris claimed to have been a victim of sexual harassment on the city  s public transport .  poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line : ' great article on writing briefs ' .  when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly . com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' .  following a number of complaints , the college issued an apology to students .
patrol officer michael slager will be banned from seeing his first - born child for several months .  he is only granted video access to his eight - month ' s pregnant wife and an officer outside the booth whenever he talks to his family .  but the baby will not be able to enter the south carolina prison .  slager was charged with murder after shooting walter scott , 50 , after stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina .
charlene mess , 48 , was arrested on monday after her husband douglas mess , 52 , was found killed at their farm in attica , new york .
ronald jebson ' s final wish was for his death to be secret and victims ' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died .  beryl hanlon , whose 12 - year - old son gary was killed together , said : ' i just don ' t want him to be able to hurt anyone else ' s children ' .
karen bell , 42 , from hull , met the man on dating website plenty of fish .  the pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out their fantasy .  she threatened to post the footage on facebook unless he paid her 25 .  bell has been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail .
harry childs , jack hutchins , dean foreman and bradley pack were sentenced for affray on friday for their involvement in an act of violent disorder outside a west london pub .  the incident occurred after last season ' s 3 - 3 draw between qpr and burnley at loftus road .
ukip leader said he wanted to ' keep his mind as clear as possible ' before debate .  but he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into studio .  ukip aide had previously admitted mr farage would have a drink or two .
japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human - like androids .  matsuko deluxe shared the stage with his ' matsukoroid ' doppelganger on saturday .
sir bradley wiggins is quitting the team to ride for his own squad , ' wiggins ' .  the 2012 tour de france winner wanted to sign off from a ' golden era ' .  germany ' s john degenkolb produced the perfect race to cross the line first at the end of a gruelling 151 - mile trek which took in 27 tortuous cobbled spells .
judith russell took to the stand in the trial of boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev .  she told how her daughter katherine converted to islam after meeting her brother tamerlan ' s brother and got her pregnant .  her words came as jurors decide whether the other brother should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre .
mateo musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle .  santi cazorla tweeted : ' i hope it ' s not too serious ' .  villarreal ' s argentinian striker luciano vietto also tweets : ' we share your pain and sadness , we will be supporting you all the way ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
australian prime minister tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer .  it took the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner as players cheered and chanted ' skol ' and ' tony ' .  mr abbott was labelled ' un - australian ' for ordering a light beer during his 2010 campaign .  opposition leader bill shorten quipped that he was ' just pleased that tony  s learning to drink beer without adding lemonade to it ' .
papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus , egypt , with a medical ' recipe ' for treating a hangover .  written in greek , one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a ' drunken headache ' - with the leaves of a shrub called alexandrian chamaedaphne , or sometimes alexandrian laurel .  treatment was one of 24 new medical texts that are the latest to be translated - the 101st volume of translations to be published .
wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland .  during the attempted armed robbery , he realised the man he had just killed was an ex - colleague .  seconds later , he discovered the gunman was former colleague shameem rahman .  seconds after the attack , he found out the man was his friend .
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot called the germfalcon .  it uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin .  it patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself .  germs such as e . coli and mrsa can linger for up to a week on suraces .  there are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned .
john carver has asked for advice from some of his predecessors .  alan pardew was in charge of newcastle from 2010 to january this year .  newcastle fans are planning to boycott today ' s game at home to spurs .
newcastle united lost six in a row at the same stage 12 months ago .  jack colback says the club ' s supporters are being left short - changed .  john carver  s threadbare squad is in real danger of being sucked into a relegation scrap should their ruinous run continue .
protest at mcguffey high school in washington county , pennsylvania organized the day of silence last thursday .  students report that openly gay pupils also had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so - called protesters .  the organizers of the school ' s gay - straight alliance have promised further clothing - related protests this week including wearing orange .
larry reid was arrested about 12 : 40 p . m . monday on u . s . highway 95 near the edge of boulder city city limits .  mr . reid was also charged with battery of a police officer , resisting arrest , not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol .  his older brother , senator harry reid , said in a video message last week he would not seek re - election next year .
belle gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness .  she founded the whole pantry - a book and app which over 300 , 000 people have downloaded appearances are reality  and seeing is believing it or not .  how do we overcome the truthfulness bias ? when we like someone , we are likely to believe they are truthful , even when they are lying ?
the landgate cottage in kendal , cumbria , is a 1960s - era dream with its bold hues and bright wall coverings .  mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era .
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas were part of a strong team sky line - up in the one - day scheldeprijs race .  the italian hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground and went to hospital for x - rays .  katusha ' s alexander kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint .
fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat .  the investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday .  french defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal .
the 40 - year - old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco - resort and conservation area .  the resort will have villas on a platform over the water , as well as artificial reefs with ' fish shelters ' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area .
erica ann ginnetti , 35 , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor .  she also faces three years  probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years .
five - year - old mai zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old .  his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across china .
vincent kompany is an injury doubt for manchester city ' s clash with manchester united on sunday .  the belgium centre - half will be assessed on saturday .  manuel pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job amid mounting pressure .
david adam pate , 25 , from lancaster , north carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33 - year - old ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 .  he told police he just wanted to ' cut his dad gum head off ' and that he cut him with a butcher ' s knife , ' just like the one michael myers used in ( the movie ) halloween ' .  during an interview after his arrest ,
bettie jo , 24 , from houston , texas , lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce .  she was unable to care for herself , meaning her husband had to do everything for her .  josh has admitted he didn ' t support the 24 - year - old with her bid to lose weight because he feared she wouldn ' t need him anymore .  she now weighs 35st 8lbs ( 500lbs ) and is now mobile and can stand up on her own .
dominique granier suggested putting on service specifically for roma passengers .  but bus company tam has taken on the suggestion and ' outsourced ' part of route .  some have said the problem is poverty of those living in the camp .
on april 7 , thenga adams , flying from guyana in south america was arrested after customs at jfk in new york searched the sneakers in his luggage .  when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $ 30 , 000 worth of cocaine , say airport officials .  adams now faces federal drug smuggling charges .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .  per mertesacker will not allow themselves to become complacent .  the gunners win 16 from 18 matches in all competitions and up into second place in the premiers premier league .
chelsea beat qpr 1 - 0 at loftus road on saturday .  cesc fabregas scored a late goal to secure all three points .  jose mourinho ' s team are within inches of the silverware .
harvey weinstein ' s wife georgina chapman , 38 , has been pictured for the first time this week looking forlorn amid claims he groped ambra battilana , 22 , during a ' business meeting ' at his tribeca office on friday night .  weinstein has emphatically denied the incident occurred .  but as he fights to throw out the allegations , police overheard a phone call between weinstein and weinstein , in which she said : ' it won ' t happen again ' .
pasco county sheriff ' s office reported it has received death threats .  deputy kerry kempink shot the dog dead while responding to call .  the video showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property last friday .  within seconds of them approaching , he shot the closest dog , 18 - month - old cowboy which is barking at him .
family - of - six spotted riding on same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman .  three young children straddled petrol tank in front of him and a woman .  police say they are looking for the parents .
tomas berdych advanced to the semi - finals of the monte carlo masters .  milos raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time .  raonic had to retire from the quarter - finals due to a foot injury .
henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november .  he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $ 500 , 000 on the death of his first wife and $ 4 . 5million on his death .  lynn rishell ' s brother ' s wife , grace , has opened up to say that
chris blowes was attacked by a great white shark in port lincoln national park .  the 26 - year - old is in a critical condition at the royal adelaide hospital .  onlookers believed the six - metre creature swam away with the surfer ' s leg and a surfboard in its jaw .  mr blowes ' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support and well wishes they have received .
william ' frankie ' dugan , 29 , and 32 - year - old valerie ojo were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy , incest and exploitation against two children .  the couple were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse .
exploitation has driven low - skilled migration and held down wages for british workers , labour leader said .  new unit of 100 staff would work with gangmasters licensing authority , specialist police units and home office enforcement staff .  but nigel farage and tory immigration minister james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband ' s ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration .
rangers lost two points at championship bottom side livingston .  myles hippolyte gave livingston the lead early in the second half .  stuart mccall ' s side have only won once in their last five away matches .  hibs face falkirk in the scottish cup semi finals on saturday .
p - 22 was found by workers in the crawl space in the los feliz neighborhood .  attempts to get him to move out have so far been unsuccessful .  he is thought to have crossed two freeways to get to his home .  but it is not known how long he has been living in nearby griffith park .
jarret stoll was arrested in las vegas last week after tweeting to erin andrews : ' lol wassup with your boyfriend ' .  he was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test .
courtney terry , 27 , has a kidney cancer so rare that it has no name .  she had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart billy webb in 2009 .  but doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition .  she has received chemotherapy , trials , surgery and radiotherapy .  now she and her family hope to raise 20 , 000 so the event can create happy memories for billy and her five - year - old daughter , dolcie .
martin and jessica castillo , from nuevo laredo , mexico , lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in playa del carmen in february 2013 .  massachusetts resident daniel roark picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost . mr roark , 22 , asked mr castillo to serve as their ' padrino de anillo ' , or ' godfather of the ring ' for the ceremony , which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon .
vincent kompany was substituted during manchester united ' s 4 - 2 derby defeat at manchester united on sunday .  the chilean could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind .  manuel pellegrini claims he is not concerned by mounting pressure over his position at the etihad .
comcast is abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45 . 2billion and create a mega - size tv and internet provider .  the deal would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers .  federal communications commission decided that merger wasn ' t in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock .
the new species of frog has been found in brazil .  called hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers .  males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes .  and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
antonio nunez , 59 , allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork at his home in san antonio , texas , on monday .
memphis depay has held talks with psg , despite liverpool and manchester united ' s interest . the dialogue between psg and psg represents a threat to the premier league clubs .  louis van gaal gave holland player his international debut for holland .
alan hutton limped off in aston villa ' s 3 - 1 defeat at manchester united with an ankle problem .  yun suk - young and scott sinclair are doubts for qpr .
hannah wilson ' s body was found on friday in the rural area of needmore , indiana , which is about an hour drive outside bloomington , where she attended school .  daniel messel , 49 , of bloomington , was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary charge of murder .  wilson was last seen at 1am on friday , according to the crimson quarry .
air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday .  cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll .  al - shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in kenya since april 2013 .
nico rosberg topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34 . 647secs .  mercedes duo kimi raikkonen and sebastian vettel finished third .  rosberg trails lewis hamilton by 17 points in the drivers ' standings .
anderson silva will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year ' s olympics .  the 40 - year - old is an ambassador for taekwondo in brazil .  he is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug tests .  silva is considered one of the best pound - for - pound mixed martial arts fighters in the history of the sport .
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera .  the incident started on warringah road and continued on for 8 . 5km .  friends cameron rose and bo honna were the occupants of the subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication .
manchester united are eyeing a 20 . 5million deal for borussia dortmund ' s ilkay gundogan .  reports emanating from germany on friday indicated a deal is now close .  louis van gaal believes the midfielder is the perfect replacement for michael carrick .
belinda bartholomew , girlfriend of roosters star aidan guerra , claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher on monday night .  the butcher who was working at sam the butcher in bondi has hit back saying ms bartholomew is ' lying ' and trying to ruin the business .  ms bartholomew claims the butcher told her to ' go to a f * * * ing aussie butcher ' when she tried to change her chicken selection .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
fans have taken to twitter to complain of ' withdrawal symptoms already ' .  poldark ended on a dramatic cliff - hanger with the main man hauled off to jail .  others said they were experiencing withdrawal symptoms less than 12 hours after the finale .  the drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 , pulling in an average of 5 . 9 million viewers per episode and a 6 . 1 million for last night ' s finale .
alfonso thomas has agreed to coach delhi daredevils in the indian premier league .  thomas is still recovering from a broken ankle and is not yet fit for selection for somerset ' s first lv = county championship fixture at home to durham .  somerset director of cricket matthew maynard said the chance arose for thomas to take on a short - term coaching role at delhi .
roberto martinez sees a fearlessness in relegation - threatened burnley side .  the clarets have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three all season .  martinez believes sean dyche ' s clear plan will help burnley survive .  click here for all the latest everton news .
two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz , pentagon spokesman colonel steven warren said .  iran has said it seized control of the container ship due to a commercial dispute with denmark ' s giant maersk group , which chartered the vessel to ferry cargo in the region .
organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago , likely had flexible appendages and a complex nervous system .  they lived more than 540 million years and used them for food .  it ' s likely they also had a nervous system like we do today .  research was led by dr elena temereva from the department of invertebrate zoology at the faculty of biology of the lomonosov moscow state university .
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet .  in the footage , the five - month - old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat .  he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself .  viewers ' reactions of the video , which to date has been viewed more than 16 , 400 , 000 times , mostly included that baron did the job better than most men .
a 2 - year - old dog from des moines named tank won the 36th annual beautiful bulldog contest sunday at drake university .  tank , who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles , will now serve as mascot of this year ' s drake relays .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney .  the elastic in mr shinn ' s pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track - side .  acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing .
david and victoria beckham want to install air - conditioning at their new mansion .  but one neighbour said it ' will affect the historic character of the victorian house of the streets ' .  the beckhams already have homes in california , france and dubai .
game of thrones has seen many of the female characters take leading roles .  emilia clarke , who plays daenerys targaryen , believes cersei lannister may survive the ten episodes of season five .  arya stark is an assassin and a nomad , fleeing from his family who want to kill him for slaughtering his father tywin .
leslie cooper , 36 , charged with murder of syrian imam abdul hadi arwani .  mr arwani , 48 , was found dead in his car in wembley last week .  he was an outspoken opponent of the assad regime in his native country .
the case of shona banda , 37 , was forwarded on monday to the finney county district attorney ' s office for a decision about charges .  possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment .  banda , a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue , has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story .
state representative jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet .  a proposal put forth by young which would use money from the state ' s highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge .  a navy spokesman said the uss independence and the uss kitty hawk are not ' currently available ' .
chad mendes underlined his no 1 spot in ufc ' s featherweight rankings .  the featherweight came out hard and fast , and quickly landed a right hand .  jorge masvidal fell to a split - decision loss after 15 hard - fought minutes .
william shatner is planning to run a kickstarter campaign to build a pipeline from seattle to bring water to the state .  he is hoping to raise $ 30 billion ( 20 billion ) to build the pipeline .  but the proposal has been declared ' highly illogical ' by some experts .  mr shatner said he would need a  large , four - foot pipeline  above ground to keep enough water flowing .
bubba watson had to settle for an opening - day 70 to sit four shots off home hope huang wen - yi ' s lead and is in joint 17th place .  watson finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion .  huang carded eight birdies and two bogeys in his six - under - par round .  south africa ' s darren fichardt is on his own at four under .
raheem sterling made the claim before brendan rodgers ' men lost 4 - 1 at the emirates on saturday .  michael owen believes there should not be a debate about whether sterling could fit into arsene wenger ' s team before saturday ' s game .  bt sport pundit owen believes sterling is a better player than danny welbeck .
framed photographs of sir bobby robson ' s title - chasing team were found in a skip outside st james ' park .  framed squad photographs of the likes of alan shearer , gary speed , nobby solano and shay given were found discarded .  nufc fans united said the images were ' old and not being used anymore ' .
ronnie o ' sullivan took off his shoes mid - match at the crucible on tuesday .  the rocket raced into a 7 - 2 lead in his first match at this year ' s world championship in sheffield .  o  sullivan was given dispensation to wear casual shoes last year at the uk championship after breaking his ankle .
gemma flanagan , 31 , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome .  the condition affects only one in 50 , 000 people in the uk .  she assumed partying in six - inch heels was the cause of the pain in her legs .  after returning from a flight she felt jet - lagged ; her legs were heavy and she had pins and needles .
lexy wood , 13 , told rebecca boyd that she is ' embarrassed ' by the way she acted .  she and brother nick , 16 , were said to have been ' rude and obnoxious ' throughout the film .  mrs wood , who was watching cinderella in bessemer , alabama , turned to social media to try and find the woman and apologize to her .  mrs boyd said the aftermath of the counter and apology has ' reminded me that there are still good people in the world ' .
body of sarah fox , 27 , was found by police on thursday night .  her 57 - year - old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation .  police are now appealing for the public ' s help to track down peter fox .
dog molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter .  the eight - year - old fell over the cliff ' s edge along with the lamb in eype , dorset .  molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest in gorse near the bottom .  coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her .
man named locally as 62 - year - old richard clements from cotton , suffolk .  he was using a ride - on lawnmower when machine toppled down a bank .  his family made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene .
richard symonds , 29 , is one of the uk ' s top administrators for the website .  he accused grant shapps of using an anonymous user id to delete embarrassing facts about his past and add unflattering details about his political rivals .  mr shapps angrily denied the claims , insisting the story was ' untrue from start to finish ' .
lionel messi should be fit to face celta vigo on sunday .  the barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem .  nolito has urged the argentine to stay away from his side .
new book claims juan carlos was so smitten with corinna zu sayn - wittgenstein that he considered a divorce .  final de partida is a chronicle of the end of an era , when spaniards turned their backs on juan carlos .
charles collins , 28 , sprang into action at the 15th st station in philadelphia .  alfred mcnamee lost his footing and fell onto the tracks on wednesday .  surveillance footage shows collins turn round when he hears him fall .  but he put it all down to ' instinct ' and denied that he is a hero .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
four - seater plane crashed on autobahn 28 near hatten , oldenburg .  male pilot killed in crash , and three passengers taken to hospital .  one man is in ' serious condition ' , according to emergency services .
liverpool lost 2 - 1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .  brendan rodgers has come under - fire following a disappointing third season .  stan collymore believes liverpool must keep faith with manager brendan rodgers .
peachtree city police chief william mccollom dialed 911 early new year ' s day to report inadvertently shooting his ex - wife , margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home .  the shooting left margaret paralyzed below the waist . the chief said he suspected he might have been trying in his sleep to move the gun to a nightstand .  he was indicted on a misdemeanor reckless - conduct charge .
manchester city will ask about raheem sterling ' s availability even if liverpool are likely to refuse to sell .  the premier league champions need eight homegrown players for their first - team squad next season .  club chiefs will not compromise on quality and they are also interested in signing danny ings and jay rodriguez .
nasa has released an image taken by the probe ' s visual and infrared spectrometer ( virs ) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters .  the event will take place on thursday 30 april at 3 : 30pm eastern time ( 7 . 30pm gmt ) the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet ' s surface at 2 . 4 miles per second ( 3 . 9km / s )
the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door .  more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut .  former derby county player craig ramage cut the ribbon at the event .
brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , and his friend , mark titch , were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in orange county .  thomas and titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole .  titch died behind bars last year .
kolo toure says raheem sterling is ' quite flattered ' by interest from arsenal .  toure compared sterling ' s situation with that of jack rodwell and scott sinclair joining manchester city for 12million .  the english pair made just nine barclays premier league starts in two years .  chelsea and manchester city are also keen on english football ' s hottest property .
jenna marotta , 27 , of new york , says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so bad that it became ' self - sabotaging ' .  ' i ' d descend " into the mirror " for up to four hours a day , jenna writes in an essay for marie claire .
meg and jess doggett were trained for six months to sniff out dry rot .  they stop , stare at it and point with their nose , only moving from affected area when mr doggett gives them a special signal .  the dogs are so effective because they can detect dry rot at much earlier stages .
aerial photographs taken above whitefish bay on eastern lake superior , ontario , show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse .  they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick - up trucks .  the icebreaker was participating in an effort to free eight freighters from heavy ice .
conor mcgregor showed off his bmw 640i m sport convertible .  floyd mayweather dismissed the boxer and said he is just being a publicity hound .  the irishman said : ' i don ' t take that dude seriously .  he ' s just trying to get himself some publicity ' .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal .  he said : ' such a deal would not block iran ' s path to the bomb .  it would pave it ' .  the preliminary agreement set out a framework where iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons - grade plutonium in return for western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions .  if they are found to be in violation of the terms , the sanctions will be put back in place .
leicester city striker jamie vardy scored a late winner against west brom .  vardy was being criticised two years ago by leicester fans .  louis van gaal should be crowned manager of the year .
tottenham hotspur host aston villa at white hart lane on saturday .  kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for this weekend ' s clash .  jan vertonghen is a doubt for the match with a foot injury .  alan hutton , ashley westwood and scott sinclair are expected to miss out .  libor kozak will not be considered as he regains fitness following 14 months out with a broken leg .
brad pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city , decimated in the 2005 storm , which killed almost 2 , 000 .  pitt ' s make it right foundation is suing timber treatment technologies for $ 500 , 000  claiming the wood was defective .  it says it was forced to replace decking and other wood on the new homes after using the company  s timbersil product .
arsenal take on liverpool at the emirates on saturday afternoon .  arsene wenger ' s side are third in the premier league and six points clear of liverpool in the race for the top four .  the gunners welcomed back jack wilshere , mikel arteta , mathieu debuchy and abou diaby to first - team training this week .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast . it is a bold endorsement of ulster ' s ambition and a boost to the wider celtic game , below test level .  alun wyn jones can put his body on the line for ospreys and wales .
little rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma in december last year .  the 19 - month - old had been misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old .  the tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach to swell .  her aunt , jessica searle , is seeking treatment for her niece in the united states .
london mayor insisted position would not become vacant for five years .  but he finally conceded : ' it would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour ' .  he said last month he would serve a ' full second term ' until 2020 .  mr johnson has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron .
real madrid have their ' six nations ' available again .  james rodriguez has been named in the real starting xi for the visit of granada on sunday .  lionel messi ' s foot injury is ' operation 30 points ' for carlo ancelotti .  ac milan beat palermo 2 - 1 to make it two wins in a row .
heather mack , 19 , is the daughter of chicago socialite sheila von wiese - mack .  she is accused of murdering her mother in bali last august . mack ' s attorney vanessa favia has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of her four - month - old daughter .  the petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to stella , who was born in kerobakan prison and has urgent needs , including clothing and baby wipes .
prince william and kate ' s first child , prince george , born at st mary ' s hospital in paddington , central london , in july 2013 .  david cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options  but also praised the nhs .  he said : ' i think it ' s a total matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have their babies ' .  baby is already believed to be late and will officially be overdue if kate has not given birth by may 1 .
a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished .  it is full of tricky questions and brain - teasers .  the answers can be found at the bottom of the page .
ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the university of texas , pan american .  the psychology graduate student , 27 , was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border .  she was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location .
ross barkley missed from the spot in everton ' s 1 - 0 win against burnley .  leighton baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league .  roberto martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty - taking duties .
molly parks , 24 , passed away on april 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked .  her father , tom parks , said he knew that when police turned up on his doorstep , they were there about her .  the obituary pleads with families to be supportive and get help for their loved ones with addictions .
brentford beat fulham 4 - 1 in the west london derby at craven cottage .  stuart dallas scored two late strikes to put the bees in a commanding lead .  brentford moved to fifth in the table on 69 points with six games left to play .
the first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri when the giant asian carp decided to strike .
kate thomas , 24 , noticed her son miles had a slightly different shaped head .  he was born with brachycephaly , also known as ' flat head syndrome ' .  this when the back of the head becomes flattened , causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out .  doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back .  as it is not medically dangerous , the nhs does not pay for treatment .
claudetteia love , 17 , said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school ' s prom in monroe , louisiana , because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress .  her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates , who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind , to gay rights groups and strangers .
james tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month .  the defender hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1 - 0 at the westfalenstadion .  robert lewandowski condemned his former club to defeat .  the bavarians are now 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves on tricycle .  baldwin street is famed for its 35 per cent gradient and is recognised by the guinness book of records as the world ' s steepest with a 35 % gradient .  the group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom .
researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the early ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture , living in south and west asia and west europe around 40 , 000 years ago .  they found the human tools were no more effective than neanderthal - created tools of the same era .  researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought .
anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last june when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes .  he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car ' s license plate number , he was mowed down by the driver - a retired police officer with the new york police department named robert muller .
sean crawford , from carterton , new zealand , uses dead animals into unique works of art .  he has been influenced by gothic revival architecture and literature that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together .  mr crawford has three animal sculptures on display at traffic jam galleries at neutral bay on sydney ' s lower north shore .  he said he can understand why some people find his work ' a bit ungodly ' .
research looked at the voting habits of twins born in the uk .  aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences .  identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , while non - identical twins normally share the same environment while growing up .
researchers from grand valley state university in lyon and the university of california analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team .  less than 11 % of men opted for team payment , in comparison to 44 per cent of women .  study could have implications for other areas outside sport , such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages .
bobby brown spoke for the first time about his daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles on saturday night and admitted : ' i dunno what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it ' .
xu bought a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties , through a middleman .  he tried to impregnate the ' daughter - in - law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time .  xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china .
organic milk could contain a third less iodine than normal milk , scientists say .  uht longlife milk also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral .  switching to organic may have a significant impact on health , they say . organic milk is often drunk for its supposed health benefits .
juventus beat lazio 2 - 0 at the juventus stadium on saturday .  carlos tevez scored his 26th goal of the season in turin .  leonardo bonucci pushed juve 15 points clear with seven games remaining .
un high commissioner for human rights zeid ra ' ad al husein said katie hopkins used language similar to that of rwandan media in run - up to 1994 genocide .  he said the article was reflective of a ' nasty underbelly of racism ' .  already , more than 1 , 750 people have died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014 .
mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after he was taken hostage .  he was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of berkin elvan .  two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building .  the dhkp - c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us .
nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon , and demanded a free meal around 4pm .  he grabbed a restaurant manager by the neck before slamming him against a bar and into an elderly woman .  he then allegedly grabbed the manager ' s neck and slammed him against the bar .  he was arrested and charged with assault following the incident .
wojciech szczesny hasn ' t played a premier league game since january .  david ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances .  arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .
kelli jo bauer , 45 , was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes that she was selling .  bauer had advertised more than 1 , 000 items of high - end women ' s clothing on facebook , including dozens of fake designer handbags .  she was released on a $ 20 , 000 bond and ordered to stay out of retail stores .
melissa borg has been missing from her baulkham hills home since last thursday .  the 13 - year - old left home at 7 : 30am and made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills .  police have been assisting melissa ' s family with the investigation into her disappearance ever since .
chris lewis , 68 , has brought the unusual court case against former wife nicola .  he claims mrs lewis had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage , but led him to believe the boy was his .  dna tests now prove that charlie is not his biological son , he says .  as a result of the deception he suffered loss and damages  and wants compensation totalling 322 , 400 .
ted koran , 59 , says he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time .  the only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 animals he and his wife had looked after together .  the veterans association estimates that 22 former servicemen and women end their lives daily - a figure that could be reduced if they got more funding for their helpline service .
tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia to advertise its whoppers .  for as little as $ 6 , they promise to get your message across in a way which is certain to grab attention .  the picture can then be used as a personal message , or advertising , and cost just 4 .
ronnie o ' sullivan has admitted he would love to be the presenter of top gear .  the five - time world snooker champion is looking for his sixth world title this year at the crucible .  he beat craig steadman 10 - 3 in the first round and will play matthew stevens in the last 16 .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his girlfriend kelley mulfinger .
ashton wood raised $ 18 , 000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car .  the queenslander launched a kickstarter campaign last year to raise $ 22 , 500 - the amount chrysler offered him to buyback the car .  he is now campaigning for the united state ' s lemon laws to be introduced in australia .
rory mcilroy is favourite to win the masters at the 58th masters .  the south african legend considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen .  player is still doing 1 , 300 sit - ups and squatting 300lb every morning even now .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the eerie phenomenon is called an ' earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide .  in the video , snow - covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road , which is thought to run between novokuznetsk and bolshaya talda .  the earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages , but no one was hurt .
isa richardson , a well - known character in maidstone , kent , made a 12 - year - old hand over her last 15p .  she claimed she needed money because her car had broken down .  richardson was caught and arrested on march 19 after cctv operators spotted her approaching people for cash .
mary cowan , 92 , generously stated in her will that a bursary scheme should be set up in her name at george watson ' s college in edinburgh .  ms cowan , of edinburgh , passed away last year but her will revealed she had an estate worth nearly 2million .
madonna , 56 , kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night .  the mother - of - four didn ' t like the kiss , but it was merely her lipstick that turned him off .  the eighties pop star spent at least three seconds making out with the 28 - year - old hit maker .  she has been selling herself as a sex pot to push copies of her new album .
conor mcgregor says he would ' kill ' floyd mayweather in less than 30 seconds .  mayweather is currently in training for his $ 300m mega - fight against manny pacquiao next month .  former world champion james toney fought randy couture in 2010 .
lewis hamilton claimed his second victory of his career in china .  the briton is now 13 points clear in the drivers ' championship .  rosberg feared he might be overtaken by vettel before the second round of the chinese grand prix .
more than a dozen people were injured and least one person was critically injured , a police spokesman said .
james ramirez , 37 , said he has concerns over care of his wife gillian nelson .  he was called to princess royal university hospital at 3 . 45am on january 28 .  she had given birth by the time he arrived at 4 . 25am , court told .  miss nelson had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for hysterectomy .
jose mourinho said he talks to god every day , but never about football .  the 52 - year - old father - of - two said he only prays for things in his personal life .  chelsea are currently top of the league and are playing qpr this weekend .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
daisy goodwin has problems with head lice since she was 19 .  she says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then .
fabio lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 .  the one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words , ' laura i have a questions for you ' .  the pair are both big film fans so the cinema acted as the perfect location for the proposal .
john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after wife june , 81 , died from a ' catastrophic bleed ' to the brain .  his family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her .
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last week .  the possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard .  froch is walking around at 12st 7lbs and in the gym four to five days a week .
personal trainer allie dodds , 24 , alleges ashy bines used her recipes in an e - book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book .  ms bines said she was ' devastated ' to find her work had been taken .  a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of the clean eating recipe book .
victoria mckennon , 17 , has cystic fibrosis and is desperate to take part in her graduation ceremony at plano senior high school in texas .  she has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life - threatening condition .  her family appealed to the school to allow her to be awarded credits she didn ' t get , but allowances made to accommodate her disability .
kady marsh took her seven - week - old baby aside to breastfeed at the manly wharf hotel in melbourne .  the mother - of - two was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was restricted to over 18s .  kady says she wasn ' t worried about breastfeeding in the main bar .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid ' s 9 - 1 win over granada .  ronaldo ' s 31st career hat - trick equalling lionel messi ' s record in the competition .  he has now scored 11 times in just eight matches for the bernabeu .
arsenal beat reading 1 - 0 in their fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .  ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the bbc ' s on - site studio studio .  there were errors that led to two memorable moments in the coverage .
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay .  the 21 - year - old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season .  psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4 - 1 to win the dutch championship .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations who have been reprimanded for using the word anzac .  forty - four items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate .  woolworths also caused controversy for overlaying its logo and ' fresh in our memories ' on photographs of war veterans .
a film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand ' s stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator .  the men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it ' s strong jaws and tail to shake the boat , causing it to sway dangerously .
eason chow , 25 , from singapore , created the droops after realising how much waste packaging is generated from gumball machines .  the pods will cost around 4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost 80 .  the product , called mrs chows , is still in the early stages , but mr chow says the sugar coating will come in varying thickness and flavourings to suit all tastes .
kurt zouma has revealed he hopes to win the ballon d ' or at chelsea .  the 20 - year - old joined the blues in january 2014 after making 73 appearances .  he is hoping to emulate the likes of marcel desailly and gary cahill .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
fitness guru ashy bines has admitted some of the recipes she shared had been ripped off from other websites .  the 26 - year - old has almost one million followers on social media .  ms bines is best known for her 12 - week exercise program , ashy - bines bikini body challenge .  she also reveals she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child .
ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties .  not one of ed miliband ' s labour candidates listed the deficit as an important issue .  among the liberal democrats , 5 per cent mentioned the deficit , 5 % of lib dems and 9 per cent of those standing for the scottish national party .
consumers willing to shell out between $ 549 to $ 17 , 000 - for the gold edition .  instead , consumers have to pre - order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june .  analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre - orders and that sales could top 20 million this year .
christian eriksen has warned tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on europe ' s second - tier competition .  spurs have been linked with florian thauvin and andriy yarmolenko .  eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
liverpool have been given the go - ahead to install a 4 . 5metre fine mesh screen at their melwood base .  the club has grown concerned that confidentiality of their team details have been leaked out before matches .  local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch training and did not want a screen put up .
sri lanka ' s kumar sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket .  the 37 - year - old scored four successive centuries before bowing out of the world cup quarter - final .  sri lanka sports minister navin dissanayake has asked the batsman to render his service to the country for another year .
xabi alonso could become only the second player to win the champions league with three different teams . ac milan legend clarence seedorf has lifted the famous piece of silverware for ajax , real madrid and milan .  alonso scored the equaliser for liverpool during the 3 - 3 defeat against ac milan .
zac efron has officially left the weedy teen of high school musical bad grandpa .  the 27 - year - old ' s new film , bad grandpa , comes out on thursday .  femail looks at how many child stars have grown into stunning adults .
pilots give their insider tips on which routes and seats can offer these front row experiences .  when leaving sydney , sit on the right hand side of the aircraft to see the famous golden gate bridge and the sydney opera house .
didier drogba has been awarded the barclays spirit of the game award .  the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday .  the 37 - year - old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .
derby county want sean dyche to replace steve mcclaren this summer .  the former england boss has been linked to newcastle and sunderland .  derby host tottenham on sunday still fighting for top - flight survival .
john terry was caught up in a race controversy with then - qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 .  terry was banned for four matches and fined by the fa for ' using abusive language related to colour ' .  chelsea defender gary cahill has backed terry to shrug off a hostile reception .
gareth bale has come under fire from fans in his second season at real madrid .  the 25 - year - old has been linked with english clubs including manchester united and chelsea .  mark hughes believes bale should stay with los blancos .
divock origi was signed by liverpool in a 10m deal after impressing for belgium at the 2014 world cup .  the belgium striker was loaned back to lille for the 2014 - 15 season .  he believes the progress of raheem sterling will make him a better player for liverpool .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
stephanie scott was due to get married to her partner of five years aaron leeson - woolley .  police will begin an autopsy on her body to determine how she was killed .  ms scott ' s remains have been transported to glebe morgue in sydney .  vincent stanford , who moved to leeton from holland over a year ago with his mother and brother , was charged with her murder on thursday .
the 121 - foot brig of the james mcbride , which ran aground during a storm on october 19 , 1857 , crashed in a sudden snowstorm .  the coast guard wasn ' t immediately able to identify the wrecks , but with help from fans on facebook , they learned that two of them are james mcbride and the rising sun .  lake michigan is home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world with sudden storms , fire , and fog causing the destruction of thousands of vessels .
wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal against reading .  the polish international has been deposed as arsenal ' s no 1 .  arsene wenger confirmed the polish goalkeeper had a long - term future .
rebecca grant , 40 , from biddeford , maine , initially claimed she had been kidnapped and abused .  when she refused to give the name of her captors , police checked her id and found a three - inch scratch mark in the paint of the trunk .  she was charged with violating her bail conditions and criminal mischief for causing $ 500 in damage to the cruiser .
karl lagerfeld , 82 , said his cat siamese earned 2 . 18million last year .  last year choupette earned nearly as much as cara delevingne , one of the world ' s top models , who took home 2 . 4million .  the fashion designer said she was ' too sophisticated ' to be used to advertise food for other cats .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was shot and killed in his car on a london street .  he was an opponent of syrian president bahsar al - assad .  arwani had links to the muslim brotherhood in the uk and abroad .
mother - of - one adele adkins has topped the young music rich list again .  the 26 - year - old has double the wealth of her closest rivals .  ed sheeran , 24 , has enjoyed the year  s biggest rise , with a 13million boost .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday .  dettori ' s boss sheik joaan al thani has signed up gregory benoist to ride the french - based horses in his expanding string .  the 44 - year - old is being available for rides going spare with old boss john gosden after winter staffing rehuffles .
raheem sterling was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide .  the liverpool forward will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high , which is also known as ' hippy crack ' .  sterling scored in 2 - 0 victory over newcastle united but missed a chance from six yards in the 56th minute and could now face disciplinary action after his second indiscretion in the space of 24 hours .
matthew whelan , 35 , from birmingham , has spent 40 , 000 on tattoos .  body modifications in a bid to ' be the person i want to be ' .
steve smith , 52 , opened his first poundland shop in burton - upon - trent in 1990 .  he became a self - made millionaire when he sold the company for 50million .  but he still relies on pocket money from his wife tracy , with whom he has three children : joe , ashley and katie .  mr smith said he wanted to repay his father ' s initial loan of 50 , 000 which helped him start the company at just 18 .
several dea agents were taking part in alleged ' sex parties ' in bogota as early as 2001 , said a summary of a dea report released by the house committee on oversight and government reform .  this news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments .  the inspector general said it investigated allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct between october 2008 and september 2012 , though they declined to confirm where the alleged parties took place .
motiongate dubai theme park set to open in october 2016 .  the four million square foot theme park will attract over three million tourists .  the last instalment , the hunger games : mockingjay - part 2 , is set to be released in the us in november this year .  lionsgate has partnered with dubai parks and resorts to bring a lionsgate zone to dubai .
harry redknapp has described the club as ' like a bit of a soap opera ' .  the 68 - year - old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave qpr in february .  qpr are now two points from safety under the leadership of chris ramsey .
photographer scott gable , 39 , spent four months travelling across the region documenting the crop ' s full cycle .  the pictures were taken over a four month period across china , thailand , vietnam , laos and cambodia .  the crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in asia .  farmers need at least 2 , 000 litres of water to make one kilogram of rice .
watford beat millwall 2 - 0 in their championship clash on saturday .  matej vydra scored his stunning volley from the edge of the box .  adlene guedioura scored a vital second goal for the hosts .  millwall keeper david forde was called into action in the first minute .
adele mckenzie was set to marry the love of her life , david elliot .  the 31 - year - old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $ 1 , 000 to for her dress had closed down .  ms mckenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming , some of them with weddings only weeks away .
dietitians have singled out a ' happy tummy brew ' in pete evans ' cookbook .  the original recipe for the ' brew ' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin a for a baby .  the dieticians association of australia said the formula still presents a threat to babies .  the paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around , with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle .
hodor , a character in game of thrones , earned his name because he says only the word ' hodor ' over and over again .  he may have expressive aphasia , according to his great - grandmother old nan .
southampton are 10 points clear at the top of the premier league .  the saints are only the third - highest payers with a wage bill of 192 . 7m .  qpr ' s salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season .
michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women .  the former lib dem councillor , 50 , used the party ' s headquarters in ashfield , nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films . some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood .  ms gent ' s other films include dead walkers : rise of the 4th reich and awesome killer auditions .
australian comedian dave hughes called radio broadcaster derryn hinch a ' w * * ker ' on national tv .  hughes and hinch appeared on monday night ' s q & a panel discussing depression and alcohol .  this sparked hinch to question if binge drinking was as prevalent back when he was younger as it was today .
eagle scout brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn , new york , home on february 17 , but didn ' t come back .  his family started a frantic search in the local community , warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language .  police said friday his body had been discovered at marine park golf club , just two miles from his home .
tomas berdych beat juan monaco 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 in the miami open quarter - finals .  the eighth seed set up a rematch with andy murray in the last eight .  the czech is coached by murray ' s former assistant dani vallverdu .
lucy , 23 , is the face of sunkissed ' s latest beauty campaign .  called on her younger sister lydia , 19 , to join her in new shoot .  said it was ' really working together ' because they don ' t get to see each other .
vladimir bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the uk since he fled the soviet union .  he was accused of spreading anti - soviet propaganda for political reasons .  he has been summonsed to appear at cambridge magistrates court next month .  he will be charged with five counts of making indecent images of children .
dick advocaat trebled his tally for the campaign with a devastating 11 - minute hat - trick .  crystal palace had scored just twice in the last four tyne - wear derbies as newcastle boss dick adoecaat had watched from the comfort of his home in holland .  sunderland ' s steven fletcher and jermain defoe scored in the second - half at the stadium of light .
swimmer was in the water in florida when a manatee floated past her .  she was heard screaming out in terror as the harmless creature approached .  seconds later she shouts out ' oh my god , get me out of here ' .  manatees are plant - eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft long .  it is illegal to ' annoy , molest , harass , or disturb any manatee ' .
passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed .  he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was ' worried it might not be clean ' .  but he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor , cutting the man in several places .
abase hussen took his daughter amira to an extremist rally when she was 13 .  the teenager was ' maybe ' influenced by the rally organised by al - muhajiroun .  mr hussen has now apologised for attending , but admitted going to two further rallies with his daughter in tow .
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball ' s pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand .  the us - born thrill - seeker says wing - suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of cliffs , ridges and mountains at high speed .
dina talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the confederation of african football ' s ordinary general assembly in cairo .  delegates from the country including khaled abdel aziz , egyptian minister of youth and sports , stayed in an adjoining hall until the end of the performance , it was claimed .  a video of the two - minute performance has since gone viral online .
panel will focus on thousands of ' adjustments ' that have been made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world .  sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments  made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated , or heat - producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites .  panel will also examine  extrapolations   when the records include virtual figures from places where there is no actual measuring station , instead basing them on the figures of other stations .
olaparib works for women with cancer fuelled by brca gene mutations .  it stopped prostate cancer growth , generating lower tumour cell counts .  up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours .  it is one of the first of a new class of drugs called parp inhibitors .
esa ' s rosetta spacecraft captured images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p churyumov - gerasimenko .  the first image was taken at 7 : 13am bst , and the second was taken two minutes later .  it  s not clear if this caused the jet - or an explosion of material caused by ice sublimating ( turning from solid to gas ) underground .
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet posted the pictures on his facebook account .  the 27 - year - old had been on international duty with belgium .  he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps .
sarah ' s ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test . the 23 - year - old was told one of three men could be her father .  phil , who has raised sarah , was equally upset to learn he is not her real father .
former white house aide kristina schake , 45 , left the east wing in june 2013 .  she is reportedly behind the drive to get ex - secretary of state , hillary clinton , elected president next year .  she will attempt to turn the politician from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer , more accessible one , according to the new york times .  she has been brought on to mrs clinton ' s 2016 communications team to help recast her image .
dan price , the ceo of gravity payments , has instituted a $ 70 , 000 minimum wage at his credit card processing company .  he ' s also taking up to 80percent of the firm ' s $ 2 . 2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries .  the move comes at a time when ceo pay is 300 times the average employee pay at large companies - among the highest level of inequality in history .
a shark came into the shore at papamoa beach , new zealand on saturday .  onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish , but soon returned to take photographs and videos .  all fears of an attack soon disappeared as children could be heard chatting and laughing on the shore .
labor senator penny wong and her partner sophie allouache gave birth to their second child on good friday .  ms wong shared the news with her 100 , 000 twitter followers on tuesday morning .  the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to alex .
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in southern russia .  he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top .  but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough , the 22 - year - old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security .  he was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence .
gary cahill is yet to win the premier league with chelsea this season .  the england defender has won four cups with the club since joining in january 2012 .  cahill believes chelsea were taught some important lessons last season .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , has never catered a wedding before .  co - owner crystal o ' connor said he ' couldn ' t tell if they were getting real orders or fake orders ' .
patrick bamford scored middlesbrough ' s second goal as they beat wolves .  boro boss aitor karanka said his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of a claustrophobic championship .  bamford has now scored more league goals in one season than any other boro player .
maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , was honored by the us postal service on tuesday .  the stamp was unveiled at an event featuring first lady michelle obama and postmaster general megan j . brennan .
sir alex ferguson spoke to john parrott over a frame of snooker .  the 73 - year - old said he is always asked ' who is the greatest player in the world ? ' .  ronaldo could play for millwall , qpr , doncaster rovers , anyone , and score a hat - trick .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the british army in 1974 .  dennis hutchings , who has learning difficulties , has been charged with attempted murder .  he was released on bail after speaking only to confirm his identity .
british transport police have drafted in 400 extra officers .  rivals manchester united , leeds and leeds will all be in london .  extra officers will also be present at mainline underground stations .
70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling .  a third of those asked said they were listening to ipods and personal music players instead of whistling .  ronnie rondale from islington , london , was so successful that he became a best - selling artist with columbia records and toured the world .
hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris - based tv5 monde .  took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning .  channel ' s director , yves bigot , said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content .  hackers posted documents on tv5monde ' s facebook page purporting to be identity cards and cvs of relatives of french soldiers involved in anti - isis operation in iraq .
over 5000 people still die from asbestos - related diseases each year , making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents .  award - winning artist joe joiner , from east london , has created the art installation as part of hse  s beware asbestos campaign .  over 50 families , all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos , have contributed heartfelt messages to their departed .
julian weigl has attracted interest from several european clubs .  the 19 - year - old midfielder has a buy - out clause of 2 . 5million .  juventus and borussia dortmund are also interested in the midfielder .
la gazzetta dello sport has criticised theo walcott ' s display against italy .  england captain wayne rooney , andros townsend and ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances at the juventus stadium .  real madrid and barcelona have identified six possible candidates to replace or compete with dani alves .
brendan rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy .  liverpool lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley .  manchester united and chelsea had spent more than their merseyside rivals .
west ham ' s season tickets will cost as little as 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year .  manager sam allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club .  the cheapest season ticket at upton park is 620 .
aston villa are six points clear at the top of the premier league .  christian benteke said it would be risky to think that one more win will be enough to ensure survival .  the belgian striker said it was the biggest of his career .
the alarm failed at the former president ' s houston home in september 2013 .  it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months .  it came despite an agent ' s recommendation in 2010 that the alarm , which was installed in 1993 , ' had exceeded its life cycle ' .
two - year - old darcy atkinson died of brain injuries in december 2012 .  he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died .  the toddler had been in the care of his mother ' s boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics before being airlifted to sydney ' s westmead children ' s hospital .
dr christopher valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago for photographing half - naked male and female patients without consent .  his behaviour was branded ' inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts and alcoholics .  a nurse saw images of a semi - naked man on his ipod touch during a night out .
the hobart international airport website has been shut down .  it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical islamist group isis .  police said they were ' prepared to provide an appropriate response ' .  customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information .
lewis hamilton says his contract issues have been ' a pain in the backside ' .  the british world champion claimed his new deal with mercedes was ' 99 . 6 % done ' .  hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on this weekend ' s chinese grand prix .
sam allardyce wants west ham to qualify for europe through fair play .  the top three nations in uefa ' s rankings qualify for the europa league .  west ham are currently ninth in the premier league ' s fair play table .
monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years .  the dolphins come to the hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks , travelling in large groups and sometimes forming  super - pods  of thousands of individuals .
the storm system , which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring .  hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees .  meteorologists and emergency managers from the high plains to the appalachians are on alert following the year ' s first widespread bout of severe weather .
tracey woodford , 47 , was found dismembered at a flat in pontypridd , wales .  her body was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the flat on friday .  christopher may , 50 , will appear at court tomorrow charged with murder .  ms woodford ' s family described her as ' very kind - hearted ' and ' selfless ' .
the commons expenses watchdog had launched a bid to keep mps ' original claims secret .  but the court of appeal ruled that it must release all copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians .  case stems from a freedom of information request to ipsa in 2010 - just a year after the mps ' expenses scandal erupted .  today ' s ruling shows the scandal has refused to die , six years and almost two general elections later .
darrell lawrence brown , 31 , of upper marlboro , maryland , was pronounced dead shortly after midnight friday .  officers used a stun gun to subdue him outside a home he had broken into , prompting the frightened children to call 911 .  witnesses said the officers acted professionally in taking brown down as he cursed at police and ignored their commands to get down .  the office of the state medical examiner will conduct an autopsy to determine the cause of death .
thierry henry believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the premier league title .  the frenchman also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club ' s first choice striker .  henry was speaking after arsenal ' s goalless draw with chelsea .
sofinar gourian , popularly known as ' safinaz ' , fined 15 , 000 after being found guilty .  insulting the flag was made illegal under egyptian president adly mansour .
sally lutkin , 49 , had a rose surrounded by the names grandchildren tattooed on her leg in november 2013 .  but the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn ' t walk .  doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone .  she was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design , as well as an unsightly scar she will have to live with for years .
femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven ' t changed for at least 10 years .  kate hudson , now 36 , looks the same as when she was a young 20 - something .  pharrell williams has hardly aged a day in the 12 years , but since 2003 has won a whopping 11 grammys .  jared leto , now , has proven his looks are age - defying , impossibly looking almost younger than he did 11 years ago .
brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities .  sterling beat newcastle 2 - 0 at anfield on monday night .  sterling was videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide , also known as ' hippy crack ' .  rodgers said sterling ' s behaviour would be dealt with internally .
rudy guede , 29 , is serving a 16 - year sentence for the murder of meredith kercher .  he was convicted by the same court of being an accomplice to a murder ' committed in the company of others ' .
jade ruthven , 33 , was so upset by the ' poison pen ' that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian em rusciano .  the letter , littered with expletives and exclamation marks , has now been shared worldwide .
jonathan trott failed twice with the bat during england ' s warm - up .  trott looks sure to open with alastair cook in the first test . england completed four days of low - key , uncompetitive action in basseterre .
orgasmic meditation , shortened to om , is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness .  it involves the light stimulation of a woman ' s clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption .  the aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to ' feel ' the sensation as intensely as possible .  there are currently over 10 , 000 practitioners worldwide and 2 , 000 in the uk alone .
a new book by former education journalist david turner lays bare the little - known history of britain ' s public schools .  it was inspired by david cameron ' s comparison to flashman in tom brown ' s school days .  winchester college experienced six full - scale rebellions in the 18th and 19th century - one over beer rations .
west indies went to lunch 36 for two in a rain - shortened first session .  devon smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off chris jordan .  play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers , with 11 overs lost in the day .
kevin pietersen ' s camp have scored a comprehensive win in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board without calling on any outside experts .  adam wheatley , co - founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in - house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland .  andy flower continues to earn 300 , 000 - a - year as the ecb ' s technical director of cricket .
norma esparza pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify at the trial of ex - boyfriend , gianni van , 45 .  prosecutors say van killed ramirez as revenge for raping his on - and - off girlfriend .  van is now charged with the murder of gonzalo ramirez .
jackson byrnes was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .  the 18 - year - old and his family found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .  after seven days of campaigning , the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go .
kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season .  the 34 - year - old will join the rhinos ' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18 - month contract .  sinfield has missed leeds ' last two games through injury .
every one of africa ' s 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month ' s fifa presidential election .  issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf ' s annual congress .  ' africa is comfortable having you .  africa stays with you , ' he said .
tony hatch and jackie trent were married for more than three decades .  they wrote a string of chart - topping hits for some of the world ' s biggest stars .  but when trent died last month , hatch was expected to be at her funeral .  true , their marriage had ended in divorce , but they had a daughter together .  hatch ' s second husband , colin gregory , accuses the composer of breaking his wife ' s heart .
delta ' s new pet gps system allows owners to track their pets in real time .  the first - of - its - kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp .  it is available for $ 50 per flight from 10 us airports .
arsenal host burnley in the premier league on saturday .  arsene wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the cold reality of winning at burnley .  alexis sanchez is set to make his 100th premier league appearance .  jack wilshere is in line to feature while abou diaby is back from injury .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
john young , 66 , and his wife elaine , 54 , were sat in front room of their home .  thugs began pelting his front door with stones before targeting stones .  mr young suffered open wound to forehead and serious injury to his left eye .  he was taken to hospital but doctors were unable to save his eyesight .  police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs ' messing around ' .
the duchess of cambridge ' s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a london park , stopping to chat to a fellow jogger .  the 31 - year - old is preparing to take part in the 54 - mile london to brighton charity bike ride in june to raise money for the british heart foundation .
the unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal , trying to make it to the safety of a set of iron bars .  despite his desperate efforts to climb back up , the angry animal appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns .  the unfortunate incident happened on the street in teulada , a small coastal town on spain ' s costa blanca .  as part of the fiesta , large , aggressive bulls are let loose to run around the streets .
many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid , yet they are being left to care for seriously ill patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance .  senior union officials say fire engines are routinely being turned into makeshift ambulances to ferry patients to a & e . in one case an elderly lady is feared to have died because she was left in the hands of fire crews for nearly 40 minutes while paramedics were delayed .
the family ' s car ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles , landing upside down in about 30 feet of water .  the boy ' s parents swam to the surface , but the children were stuck in vehicle .  they weren ' t breathing when rescuers brought them up .  the teen died at the hospital several hours later .
st george ' s county asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1 , 000 patients .  it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments in its place .  shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed asylum .  there are reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis .
shadow chancellor refused to rule out five - point rise in corporation tax .  he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax .  businesses are already concerned about labour  s plans not to cut corporation tax  paid by all large firms on their profits  as the tories have vowed to if they win office .
sir bruce ' s first wife , penny calvert , was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 , and he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year .  he said that in many cases it could be ' more cruel to do nothing ' than allowing them to die .  the 87 - year - old said he would like the right to be able to end his life ' with a bit of dignity left ' .
leicester were bottom of the premier league with 19 points , seven off safety .  the other promoted clubs  qpr and burnley , have shown fantastic spirit .  nigel pearson has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad .  leicester face a crunch clash with fellow relegation battlers burnley on saturday .
kezzia french , 46 , thought she had laid six - month - old andrea to rest in 1999 .  but only found out more than a decade later that police had removed virtually all her vital organs .  andrea died after being flung at a wall by her ex - boyfriend , meyrick fowler .  he was convicted of her manslaughter and jailed for four years .
marks and spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose .  the 18 - a - bottle wine is produced at the couple ' s chateau miraval estate .  they married in august last year after having purchased it for 41million .
the 29 - year - old actress made the admission in a newly - released psa for the center of reproductive rights .
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at canberra hospital for treatment on friday .  she did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia before she arrived in australia on april 5 .  health officials say it ' s most unlikely she has ebola and her symptoms are consistent with many other conditions .
denmark ' s crown princess mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge , zealand .  the australian - born royal was left without her husband crown prince frederik , 46 , and eldest son prince christian , nine , for the outing .  the visit came days after royals from around europe descended on copenhagen for queen margrethe ii ' s 75th birthday celebrations .
14million working households  more than nine in ten - are given an average boost of 200 a year to their incomes .  prime minister will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money because they  know best  how it should be spent .  he will add that it is  wrong  frankly immoral  for government to spend money like it grows on trees 
the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ' surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses .
julieane jablonski , 38 , charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering with a witness .  austin essig , 19 , jumped out of the third - story window ' without hesitation ' .
andy murray ' s current coach amelie mauresmo has recently announced that she is expecting a baby .  the british no 1 is set to marry his long - term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane on saturday .  it is unclear how this will affect the scot ' s 26 week per year commitment .
lufthansa organised special flights for victims ' families after march 24 crash .  newspaper said she flew to region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher ' s cousins .  police are investigating possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned .  andreas lubitz may have spiked his captain ' s coffee so he would be left alone on the aircraft ' s flight deck , investigators have now said .
the 47 - year - old man from warwick , 150km south - west of brisbane , has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences .  police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them .  he is also charged with 20 counts of rape , four counts of indecent treatment of children under 16 and eight counts of grooming child under 16 with intent to procure engagement in a sexual act .
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave borussia dortmund in the summer .  the news has raised the probability that key members of his squad will depart too .  mats hummels has been linked with a number of premier league sides .
julius caesar famously collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc .  historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack .  but new research suggests that the roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini - strokes that affected his mental and physical state .
jennifer saunders and joanna lumley are set to reunite for a film .  the film will be based in london , with some scenes in the south of france , or in the bahamas if the budget allows .
nac breda scored two goals in as many minutes against fc dordrecht .  the 46 - year - old turned to his bench to express his dissatisfaction .
liverpool fans will stage a protest against the mounting costs of tickets .  liverpool fans were charged 50 for their sets at the kc stadium in december .  brendan rodgers says he respects the supporters ' right to protest . hull boss steve bruce has also called for premier league premier league officials to act to curb rising ticket prices .
deni kirkova , 24 , paid a visit to six different pret a manger shops in london .  femail writer deni travelled to four different prets across london to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff .
nick clegg said he wanted to avoid repeat of battling against ' ideological gimmicks ' of michael gove .  mr gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year ' s cabinet reshuffle to become tory chief whip .  lib dems have sought to claim the mantle as the ' party of education ' , pledging to protect spending from ' cradle to college ' for 2 to 19 - year - olds .
mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , was abused as a child .  her father , keith whitworth , now 61 , came into her bedroom and woke her up .  she confided in her husband : ' i was more like his wife than his daughter ' .  she has waived her right to anonymity in hope that other victims of abuse will come forward .
romelu lukaku is everton ' s top scorer this season with 18 goals .  the 21 - year - old says he used it as an added motivation to score goals .  he is hoping to strike up a partnership with arouna kone , who has managed just one goal in 21 starts over almost two injury - ravaged seasons .
the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom , a freemason , who inexplicably answered : ' what is the age of consent ? ' .  it isn ' t unheard of for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers when under the pressure to buzz first , but tom ' s answer must have left things feeling slightly awkward in the tv studio .
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life - time bans .  greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found .  sideline interchange official darren alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands .
jenny - lee , 28 , was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy .  doctors at sydney ' s prince of wales hospital in randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy .  she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion .  instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter ' s death , claiming they should have tested her for the cancer sooner .
dusan bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager ' s phone .  he put his arm around the back of the girl ' s neck and repeatedly punched her .  one witness said bako hit the girl like a boxer before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child .  bako pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a plea bargaining deal .
adam rooney does not want to see celtic win the league on their patch .  aberdeen are eight points ahead of second place abderdeen .  the 27 - year - old says they wouldn ' t like to see them celebrating on the patch .
david curry was asked to leave wallow wetherspoon pub in blyth , northumberland .  when family arrived mr curry was told he could not stay in the pub .  pub chain has apologised but said a no - tracksuit policy had been in place .
rilwan oshodi , 31 , bought karen budow ' s bank account details for just 3 , 200 .  he spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top - of - the - range computers .  he now claims he is so broke he can ' t even pay his lawyers - but judge says he will have to spend four more years in prison .
dr . nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . investigators discovered roughly 1 , 200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home .  the settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the u . s . involving sexual misconduct by a physician .
a minute ' s silence will be held for the 56 supporters who died in the bradford city fire disaster .  football league will be supporting efforts to raise 300 , 000 for plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of bradford .  the top four tiers of the game will remember them this weekend .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go head - to - head in las vegas on saturday , may 2 .  the two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves .  ramen noodle soup is one of his favourite meals and he doesn ' t like five star restaurants .  manny averages over 2 , 500 sit - ups daily during training camp .
sportsmail ' s jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend .  here , explains why they ' ve made the top five .  jermain defoe ' s volley against liverpool was a hugely important goal .
manny pacquiao has revealed his mouthpiece ahead of his fight with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  the filipino is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon mayweather .  the fight is reportedly worth 300million ( 205million )
egypt ' s old kingdom collapsed more than 4 , 200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change , claims professor eric cline .  he claims a series of droughts , famines , climate change and internal rebellions between 1225bc and 1177 bc happened in quick succession .  scientists examined 7 , 000 - year - old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the nile to piece together the time - and found evidence of a ' mega drought ' in the area .
none * game is available for ios , android and windows phone devices .  description of the game reads : ' no one really knows what none * app is about ' .  upon starting the game , there is no indication what the goal of it is , how many levels there are , or even how users are supposed to solve some of the more obscure riddles .  app ' s inventor , dimitris chassapakis , said around 10 per cent of people who downloaded the app have completed the game .
ben crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the masters .  arnold palmer is unable to play because of a dislocated shoulder .  the 85 - year - old will still act as honorary starter on thursday .
the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome to be based at microsoft ' s redmond offices in washington .  if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide .  autism is a neurological disorder that affects how a person communicates and relates to other people .
diego de girolamo is leaving sheffield united at the end of the season .  the italy under 20 international is on loan at northampton .  celtic and southampton are also monitoring the situation .
the 30 - year - old los angeles - based lingerie model has been making waves online with her body - flaunting photos on instagram .  despite being in the advanced stages of her first pregnancy , sarah hasn  t let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap .  she also sticks to a diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken to keep her and her baby healthy .
police exhumed the boy ' s body from his grave in norfolk last year .  a dna sample eventually led them to his mother .  the woman , who has not been named , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide .  but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends .  she remains on bail while the cps decide whether to charge her with failing to register a birth and preventing a birth burial .
arsenal thrashed liverpool 4 - 1 at home in the premier league on saturday .  hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and olivier giroud scored .  arsene wenger says arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season .
a 16 - year - old who was born a girl has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty after years of living in misery .  a judge was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras .  the teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year , has worn a boy  s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male .
traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out .  the annual memorial day commemorates the six million jews killed by the nazis during world war two .  about 189 , 000 survivors live in israel today but according to their welfare organisation close to 25 percent struggle financially .
chernae noonan founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar in 2003 .  she has blocked the cosmetic giant ' s application to trademark the term .  benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy ( lvmh ) , which is run by luxury goods tycoon bernard arnault .  ms noonan has rolled out six stores across australia - including on the gold coast , sydney and melbourne .
liris crosse , 32 , grew up in baltimore , maryland .  dreamed of being a model but had a tough time breaking into the industry .  now dubbed the body and naomi campbell of the plus - size modelling world .
a cloud formation resembling the wi - fi symbol appeared recently in the sky .  the global wifi symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it .  chinese internet users have since shared and commented on shi ' s photo .
andy lee is hoping to make his first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against peter quillin last year .  the 30 - year - old arrived in new york on a crest of a wave on saturday night .  quillin failed to make the 160lb weight ensuring the battle at the barclays center will have no title on the line .
miracle godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at east quarry near wigan .  friends tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers .  lancashire police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course .
carlos boente , 33 , was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19 - year - old woman .  he bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison .  he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle , harassment and a phone possession charge in june last year .
jetsuite . com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates .  for european or international flights , try privatefly ' s ' empty legs ' option which will get you 75 per cent off .   empty legs  are cut - price return trips made by private jets after dropping off someone who originally chartered the plane - but didn ' t need the journey back .
peter schmeichel and oliver kahn star in tiplico ' s latest advert .  the pair have so many ' cards ' to play , they ' re still playing them 50 years later .  kahn revealed he didn ' t like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years .
rachel simpson , 15 , was diagnosed last year with a one - in - a - million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated .  the disorder means a sufferer ' s blood count might be low , making them more vulnerable to infection .  instead , the blood cells might be abnormal , leading to leukaemia .  the rest of the family are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the gata2 gene .
britney e . montenegro , 20 , was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando , florida , early saturday after getting involved in a fight .  montenegro allegedly tried to attack another woman , ' running at her with her fists raised ' .  police say the fight involved ' multiple individuals ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
on friday , senator rand paul shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ' king of instagram ' dan blizerian .
kate , 22 , lives by the abc rule : no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates .  she goes through a 48 - hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot .
mauro icardi has turned down inter milan ' s latest contract offer .  the striker is reportedly on an 11 , 000 - a - week salary .  chelsea , manchester city and arsenal have also watched the 22 - year - old .
a time lapse video shows storm water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney ' s south .  the murky flood water submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform .  twelve local government areas have been declared natural disaster zones .  thousands of people remain stranded in parts of new south wales as emergency services begin to clean up .
slipper island is located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand ' s north island .  the 2 . 7 km long , 1 . 8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views .  the buyer , wendy wei mei wu , is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with the island .  ms wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year .
victor agbafe , a student at cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina , was accepted into all eight ivy league schools .  the 17 - year - old also could go to stanford or duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well .  harold ekeh of long island was also accepted and wants to be a neurosurgeon .
corporal mark donaldson is one of australia ' s most highly decorated soldiers .  he was awarded the victoria cross for his bravery in afghanistan .  he claims to have shot the taliban warlord who had boasted he intended to kill the royal heir but was shot dead by a crackunit from the australian sas .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight on may 2 in las vegas .  broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the bout via apps like periscope or meerkat .  the app was recently used by many to watch the season five premiere of hbo ' s game of thrones .
kristina karo alleges that she was a classmate of mila kunis , 31 , who moved to the u . s . from ukraine in 1991 , and that 25 years ago , she stole it from her .  she is now suing ms kunis for $ 5 , 000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills .
nissan note mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61 , 000 drivers .  hot on its wheels is the hyundai i20 mk1 with 81 . 01 per cent and fiat panda mk2 at 81 . 49 per cent .  lexus rx mk2 took the top ten , just beating its own gs mk3 .
australian prime minister tony abbott was asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats coach simon carradous .  it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner , as players cheered and chanted ' skol ' and ' tony ' .  mr abbott also gave a speech to the players , according to australian women ' s weekly .
labour and tory politicians have come to blows over the 45p top tax rate .  george osborne said establishing the threshold was not one of the government ' s priorities .  he says the conservatives are committed to raising the tax - free personal allowance bracket from 10 , 000 to 12 , 500 .  shadow chief secretary chris leslie condemned the chancellor ' s refusal to rule out making further cuts for britain ' s top earners .
benjamin astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz .  he was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations .  his parents were told on many occasions he was too weak to live .  but he was given just a 10 per cent chance of surviving after being born .  his mother taniya , 36 , said his survival shows ' miracles do happen ' .  she said : ' there are times when my husband and i have been absolutely distraught ' .
premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common , but they ' re not normal .  dr lara briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women ' s health , says that pms can be banished for good by adapting an anti - inflammatory diet .  ' i suddenly feel headachy and fatigued .  i get snappy with my husband and my kids , and i can ' t seem to stop myself , ' she said .
alex song has picked his # one2eleven of stars on sky sports .  the barcelona midfielder believes carlos kameni could have played in the premier league .  song believes rigobert song is a similar character so makes his fantasy football club xi .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9 - 1 .  ronaldo ' s five - goal haul included an eight - minute hat - trick .  league leaders barcelona defeated celta vigo 1 - 0 .
tony mccoy has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement .  the 40 - year - old is riding in his 20th grand national at aintree this week .  the royal liver building in liverpool was lit up with a good luck message .  mccoy ' s solitary national triumph was on don ' t push it in 2010 .  he will be inducted as an ' aintree legend ' on grand opening day .
richard sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss with their son rayden on february 5 , just a few days after the new england patriots lost the super bowl .  the 27 - year - old was named the vince lombard player of the year by the kansas city committee of 101 .  this after he signed a $ 57 . 4 million contract extension last may that will keep him in a seahawks uniform for at least three more seasons .
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born .  her parents feared she was unwell after noticing her skin turned a yellowy tinge .  doctors discovered the baby ' s bile ducts were blocked , a condition that can prove fatal if untreated .  the cause of the condition is not clear and may vary .
around 50 obese children from jianxin primary school in eastern china are being sent to special kung fu panda classes .  the classes are named after the dreamworks film of the same name , in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master .  teachers say they are focused on making fitness fun , and also work with parents to help control the weights .
in 10 battleground constituencies ukip ' s vote has fallen in nine of them .  support for mr farage ' s party has more than halved in two seats .  tories are set to lose four seats to labour but cling on to at least five .
police say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s , killing her .  cincinnati police officer douglas swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant .  due to the tree ' s size , police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual .
two - bedroom house in new addington , near croydon , was bulldozed in june 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties .  neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there .  hazell , 39 , suffocated tia during a sex attack after months of trawling vile internet pornography sites and filming her as she slept .
latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and landen , 7 , were discovered wednesday .  gosling ' s partner steve o ' shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in prince albert .  police found the six - month - old daughter he shared with gosling alive and unharmed .
the latest elders react series on thefinebros youtube channel .  many of the elders admit that they have no idea what snapchat is - and still can ' t really wrap their heads around the point of it .  before the group can start sending pictures , they are given cell phones so they can learn how to snap their own selfies .
nick abendanon won the man - of - the - match award for the third time this year .  the english full back ran amok as clermont auvergne ' s 37 - 5 thrashing of northampton on saturday night .  the 28 - year - old admits he has not given up on the slim possibility of a test recall .
christian benteke scored a hat - trick as aston villa drew 3 - 3 with qpr in the premier league .  tim sherwood ' s side have scored six goals in eight premier league games so far this season .  benteke has scored six in eight games for villa .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store , touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday .  while in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt but did not expose himself .  osceola county sheriff deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot .
doug hughes , 61 , landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u . s . capitol this week carrying 535 members of congress .  he has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin , florida , where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in washington , d . c . , next month .  the secret service has decided not to prosecute mr hughes ' wife alena , who claims she was not aware of the plan .
tania rahman asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand .  but she was told her stall would not be allowed because it is not ' english - themed ' .
a 37 - year - old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in eastpointe , michigan .  the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste , 2 , and her son timothy , 8 .  investigators were awaiting autopsy results before presenting the case to the macomb county prosecutor ' s office for review .
sir ranulph , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today .  he was taken to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart .  previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass , a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes .  he said : ' i became woozy and had the feeling i was going to faint .  it ' s not worth pushing it when you get that ' .
cindy santamaria - williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday .  police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught .
florence nightingale wrote nursing notes at her derbyshire home .  the 10in tall lamp will be sold at hansons in etwall , derbyshire , on june 26 .  it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea hurst , near matlock , derbyshire .  she pleaded with the british newspaper to appeal to the government for better working conditions having been horrified by the squalor and disease fighters faced .
charles severance , 54 , has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia .  severance ' s writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words : ' the last scream of a victim echoes to eternity .  .  .  murder on my mind , and my mind on murder ' .
shibu inu was filmed at an american kennel club centre .  the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers .  one of the dogs makes a high - pitched whining sound .  the video concludes with the husky losing interest slightly and chewing on its handler  s sleeve .  at seven - to - eight - weeks - old , the vocalisation will develop into stronger sounding barks , although some dogs wait as long as 16 weeks before even making an attempt .
tenants paying around 150 a week to live in flats in mayfair and covent garden in london .  housing association have opposed plans to sell their costly buildings at discounted prices .  but housing associations have opposed the proposals , saying it will mean no affordable housing left for people who need it most . one housing , which owns 15 , 000 properties in london , said around 750 of these were worth more than 1million .
vincent cianni , 63 , said he embarked on the project , gays in the military , to better understand why homosexuals would join the military .  ' it seems i spent most of my life uninterested in knowing about the military because i supported peace , the fight to end violence and injustice , and the sanctity of life , ' he said .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the majority of the world  s volcanoes are found deep underwater .  now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes .  the research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before .  volcanoes lurking hidden under the world ' s oceans may play a far greater role in climate change than previously though .
french mps voted to punish anyone who ' incites ' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over 7 , 000 .  deputies in the national assembly in paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber - stamped by the senate .  around 40 , 000 people suffer from anorexia in france , the vast majority women and teenage girls .
franck ribery limped off against shakhtar donetsk last month .  the bayern munich winger says he has no chance of playing against borussia dortmund .  ribery is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter - finals against bayer leverkusen in midweek .
the man , known as salim , is alleged to have assaulted the 20 - year - old .  he is accused of assaulting the woman and is being held in custody .  his arrest follows a number of incidents in india against tourists and locals .
john and elizabeth knott lived in an ' idyllic ' 500 , 000 retirement cottage .  but mr knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope with alzheimer ' s disease .  he had spent months battling plans for a traveller encampment .  he feared the gipsy camp would knock thousands off the value of their home .
ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour .  ukip now trail tories by 18 per cent and labour by 7 per cent .  nick clegg accuses farage of being an ' odious victor meldrew ' .
royal dutch shell has filed a complaint in federal court seeking an order to remove greenpeaceace who climbed aboard the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific ocean .  the group plans to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling .  the move comes just days after the u . s . interior department upheld a 2008 lease sale in the chukchi sea off alaska , moving .  closer to returning to oil and gas exploration in the arctic .
lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds .  in a nod to 21st - century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added .  geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open - neck shirt and has been given an indian accent .
raheem sterling has turned down an offer of 100 , 000 - a - week to stay at liverpool .  the 20 - year - old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday giving his reasons for the end of his conversations with liverpool .  sterling has got more than two seasons left on his existing arrangement .
aaron jones and jamie toms used insulation boards , plywood , coat hangers and silicone glue to build the diy boat .  the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish .  but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick , essex , and they had to call 999 .  lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket , and one unable to swim .
duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalayalayalaya after failing to convince her to call off the wedding .  she wrote : ' i do not want to get married , i took an oath at the time of admission that i will not get married before i turn 18 ' .  it is thought the ' oath ' duli refers to is the school ' s promise she had to make when she started .
study by stanford university examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers to student race .  they found teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought .  researchers say this may go someway towards explaining why black children are often disciplined more at schools compared to other pupils .
kim pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day at ceva logistics , michigan , when she cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors .  nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle .  she has been charged with premeditated murder and first - degree child abuse .
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback .  gooch went as far as saying gooch had ' wiped the floor with the ecb ' in the lengthy pr battle since his sacking in 2014 .  pietersen wants to end his england absence that started after the 2013 - 14 ashes whitewash .
pippa middleton is said to have invested in 4 - a - piece mull - cloth nappies for her sister or nephew ahead of the birth of the new royal baby .  muslin squares and cotton wool have been go - to products for generations .  gadgets include a machine that makes ' shusher ' sounds to ' break the cycle of crying ' and biodegradable nappies which don ' t clog up landfill .
rebecca exton - russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns .  but the derby - based model was secretly ' repulsed ' by her body .  she checked into a military - style fitness camp and lost two stone in two months .  rebecca lost a further stone after she left no 1 boot camp in norfolk .
nathan is attracting interest from chelsea and manchester city .  the 19 - year - old attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with atletico paranaense .  nathan would join fellow brazilians willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar at stamford bridge .
emily blunt , cate blanchett , lily allen , karl lagerfeld and sarah jessica parker have attended dubai ' s first party in the park .  dubai has a rapidly developing cultural underside .  the annual dubai international film festival is anticipated to be complete in 2017 .  western shopping malls bloomingdales and harvey nichols now established to open in the next few years .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days .  authorities in indonesia give death row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed .  the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island on saturday .  earlier in the week indonesian president joko widodo confirmed the executions were ' only a matter of time ' .
julie merner has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years .  the 39 - year - old mother - of - three suffers severe liver cirrhosis .  not a drop of alcohol has passed ms merner ' s lips since january .  taxpayers pay up 3 . 5 billion a year to treat alcohol - related problems .
jose mourinho watched marcus bettinelli play in fulham ' s 1 - 1 draw with rotherham .  the 22 - year - old has one more year left on his contract at fulham .  chelsea are braced for the departure of second choice goalkeeper petr cech .
dead pair , believed to be in their mid to late 20s , found in separate metal trunks in a public park in haryana state .  police said man ' s legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk .  his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women .
aston villa owner randy lerner will attend their fa cup semi - final with liverpool at wembley on sunday .  the american has hardly seen villa play in person during his nine - year ownership of the club .  lerner has been publicly trying to sell villa since last may .
a swastika and the word ' scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window .  a ' q ' was also added to the blue front door , which some people said stands for quisling . comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced .
janet street - porter reveals her list of things that are making us most happy .  trendy men with bushy beards look like a sixties folk singer .  she is a self - confessed bargain hunter who hates it when she discovers her vouchers are out of date .
england face fiji in the world cup curtain - raiser on september 18 .  andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year .  england came within six points of claiming the rbs 6 nations following their pulsating 55 - 35 victory against france on the final day of the championship .
cardiff - based proton partners international ltd is to open the first three proton beam therapy centres in the uk by 2017 .  ashya king made a miracle recovery after receiving proton bean therapy at a centre in prague .  five - year - old ashya has recently been given the all - clear after receiving the treatment .
mike cannon - brookes is australia ' s equal richest self - made billionaire under 40 .  he is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $ 12 million to make a stunning 1918 centennial park mansion their home .  the 35 - year - old it entrepreneur will share the home with his wife , annie todd , the designer behind fashion label house of cannon .  on thursday , todd held her first ever runway show as part of mercedes benz  s fashion week in sydney  s east .
zak hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22 - year - old man at student flats in leeds in february .  hardaker received a five - match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year and was also fined by england for breaching team discipline during the 2013 world cup .
latisha fisher , 35 , has been charged with second - degree murder for allegedly killing 20 - month - old gavriel ortiz - fisher with her bare hands inside a bathroom at 5 boro burger in midtown manhattan .  fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems , but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year .  she was sentenced to probation under the center for alternative sentencing and employment services program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of her aunt .
latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 % , pointing to another hung parliament on may 7 .  but while voters are saying one thing in public , britain ' s bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private .  twice as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on the conservatives than labour .
ufc light - heavyweight jon jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit - and - run accident on sunday morning .  the 27 - year - old is facing a misdemeanour charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman .  if jones is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20 - something woman .
angelika graswald , 35 , has been charged with second - degree murder in the death of vincent viafore , 46 , on april 19 .  prosecutors have said viaforwald intentionally was kayaking with his kayak on the hudson river when his vessel flipped over near the town of cornwall - on - hudson .  the man was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to turn the capsized boat right - side up .
there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two - day sale at bonhams new york earlier this week .  bacall , one of hollywood ' s great golden age actresses , died in august aged 89 in her nine - room home overlooking new york ' s central park .  a hand - colored etching by naturalist john james audubon american white pelican fetched an impressive $ 173 , 000 , three times more than was expected .
jack wilshere returned from injury to captain arsenal ' s u21 side .  serge gnabry and abou diaby also featured in the game .  arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi - final later this month .
karla hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth .  baby freddie weighed just 2lbs after being born by emergency caesarean section .  couple have now been told they will have to stay in spain for at least three months .  mr jackson , 21 , a soldier in the army ' s royal logistics corps , is meant to report back for service tomorrow .
protest letters were delivered to members of spain ' s royal language academy , which produces the definitive dictionary .  the gypsy secretariat foundation , which are leading the campaign , are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies , also known as roma .
godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say .  said star wars films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' .  said darth vader listens to rap music - ' it ' s just a really bad racial stereotype ' .
barbie ' s style - centric instagram account , @ barbiestyle , has three quarters of a million followers .
cristiano ronaldo ended his illustrious playing career in 2011 .  the 38 - year - old has suggested he could play again for fort lauderdale strikers , a north american league side he now co - owns .  ronaldo said he would have to train very hard if he had the chance to play in the modern era .  real madrid beat malaga 3 - 1 at the bernabeu on saturday .
providence ' s matt o ' connor ' s own - goal turned his team ' s 3 - 2 lead into a 3 - 3 tie .  brandon tanev scored with 6 : 17 remaining to give the friars the lead .  it was the school ' s first ncaa hockey title and third straight year a first - time champion has won it all .
hector morejon , 19 , was shot dead by a police officer on thursday while in a vacant apartment in long beach , california .  the officer allegedly thought the 19 - year - old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident .  according to her attorney , his mother , lucia morejon was at home when she heard the shots .  she went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance .
barcelona beat psg 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday .  two goals from luis suarez and an effort from neymar secured the win .  spanish media damning of psg ' s performance after their loss .
lucy garrod , now 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion .  the ulcer was caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens .  doctors said it was growing on the surface of her eye , millimetres away from permanently blinding her .  she feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree due to going partially blind in one eye .  but laser eye surgery was later able to restore her sight .
pierre fulton was in the car with walter scott when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken silence light .  when scott fled , slager another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead .  now , fulton ' s attorney has released a statement saying he does not know why scott ran .
john elder and armin t . wegner documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1 . 5million armenians constituted genocide .  as armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities , many western countries still do not use that word .
crsity collins , 30 , took herself to the emergency room six times while high on the drug .  the former paramedic has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming that bugs were eating her eyes .  she said she should have been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation .
aleksandr glushko , 21 , of delta junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he ' d just crashed .  but his bright turned turned sour when an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift .  he has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .
chris smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend sam cooke on twitter .  the 25 - year - old is a key part of manchester united ' s defence under louis van gaal .  smalling could return for united in the summer in search of first - team football .
kevin gameiro gave sevilla the lead after five minutes with a late penalty .  carlos bacca doubled sevilla ' s lead in the second half with a header .  vitolo had been brought down by neto rondon in the 48th minute .  the win moves sevilla into the last four of the europa league .  click here for all the latest sevilla news .
whistleblower tony brookes said money was diverted away from protecting children from rape , trafficking and beatings to pursue so - called ' priority crimes ' .  the offences , which included car crime , were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government .  now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance - related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police .  the targets have been scrapped by the tories amid concern they were harming policing .
jen psaki says the white house knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job .  she is one of two pregnant women serving as the president ' s legislative director .  obama has pushed family - friendly policies like childcare , flexibility and paid leave for his own staff .  until now , he hasn ' t put it into practice in a very prominent way with few mothers of young children on his own team .
porto beat bayern munich 3 - 1 in the champions league quarter - final .  two goals from ricardo quaresma and another from jackson martinez saw porto lose .  porto gave bayern a mountain to climb inthe return leg next week .
homeowner dick rothkopf chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills .  but the property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1 . 5 - mile driveway from the roadway to its front door .  the 13 , 000 - square - foot home is known as ' il podere ' - which means ' family homestead ' in the tuscan region .
victims lured to britain but were ' treated like dogs ' , prosecutors say .  they were sent to work in dog food factories , food plants and car washes .  but they were made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter .  they would do housework to pay off ' loans ' for board and passage , court told .  five defendants , all members of an extended czech roma family , charged with people trafficking in plymouth .
le ' veon bell will appeal the nfl ' s decision to ban him for the first three games of the season .  former steeler legarrette blount and a female passenger were also charged with marijuana possession .  bell plans to appeal the decision .
the vaccine , developed in canada , is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus ( vsv ) it is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the ebola virus .  when administered , it induces an immune response against the virus .  scientists hope that immunisation is possible after ' highly promising results ' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses .
tommy connolly , a 23 - year - old sunshine coast university student , took in his homeless , pregnant cousin angela * on facebook in december .  mr connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast , let her move into his flat , took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy .  he said he didn ' t think twice about taking her in .  the sunshine coast student is now helping to raise her four - week - old baby boy .
kyle wittstock , 22 , died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in yanchep , perth .  he left behind a fiance and a nine - week - old daughter .
ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent from north africa could provide a cover for jihadis .  he will make his comments in a debate at the european parliament in strasbourg in the wake of more than 1 , 000 migrants drowning in the mediterranean .  campaign bosses believe a provocative intervention could have the same effect as his controversial remarks on foreigners with hiv being treated in britain .
of the 3 , 700 women who served in the nazi death camps , just three have been investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder .  the women were just as bad as their male counterparts .  they traded femininity , motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of hitler ' s third reich .  in a crushing blow to the millions of jews murdered at auschwitz across europe , they are all deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished .
the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star ' s 37th birthday .
jennifer houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday .  she was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone .  authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge .
audio has surfaced of michael slager , 33 , laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting in south charleston .  the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer ' s patrol car following the incident in north charleston on april 5 .  scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop .  slager said he felt ' threatened ' by scott , who is black , during a confrontation over his taser .
john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold , surrey , has decades of experience working with animals .  he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart - warming shots .  his snaps are the perfect way to celebrate national pet day , which takes place tomorrow .
stacey tipler , 33 , used her job to steal 642 , 000 from the royal marsden nhs trust . she spent on designer shopping sprees , mortgage payments and her planned wedding .  but she and partner scott chaplin , 34 , were caught and both jailed last summer .  judge anthony leonard said tipler was ' invaluable ' to the scam , which he said could have been ' catastrophic ' for the hospital ' s patients .
the dome - like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp .  the lamp uses a rechargeable li - ion battery and offers three hours of continuous light after a 90 - minute charge .  when connected to the ' bridge ' , it can also be synced to music for a disco effect , as well as to television programmes , films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood .
a queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery had been on 2000kms .  the package was sent almost 2000 kilometress away to chullora in new south wales , after it was picked up in nathan , queensland .  the next day it was sent back to queensland , and was processed at a facility in underwood on wednesday , april 22 , at 6 : 35pm .  chris said australia post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay .
justin jackson , a florida man , is being sued by oprah ' s tv network .  he is accused of pretending to be oprah winfrey and madonna ' s manager .  jackson allegedly posed as oprah and her representatives in hope of getting more freebies and winning himself a job in luxurious hotels , according to court documents .  he was convicted for grand theft over the ruse , but later dreamed up new celebrity - linked schemes .
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh , 28 , had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site .  but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection .  doctors say the maggots ate diseased tissue that could have caused a fatal infection .
george at asda unveils ' luxury christening range ' for babies being christened .  gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . 63 % of families are concerned about the spiraling costs of a christening .  asda has also launched a new regal - inspired gold cot for 49 and prince / princess babygros for 2 . 50 .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez was found guilty on wednesday of first - degree murder in a deadly late - night shooting .  the conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of odin lloyd , a 27 - year - old landscaper and amateur weekend football player who was dating the sister of hernandez  s fiancee .  hernandez ' s mother , terri , and his fiancee , shayanna jenkins , cried and gasped when they heard the verdict .
john terry has warned arsenal they will never win the premier league .  the club ' s captain admitted jose mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after christmas .  chelsea were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0 - 0 draw at arsenal .
charities last night welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesaving lifesavers .  previously , only the liberal democrats had promised to add crucial lessons to the school curriculum .  but last week labour , ukip and the green party added their election manifestos .
danny eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated .
lib dem leader says ' bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ' increasingly hapless conservative leadership ' .  mr clegg condemned david cameron ' s appeal to ukip supporters to ' come home ' .
james lockwood has been banned for two years after failing a doping test . the 29 - year - old was handed the suspension by uk anti - doping ( ukad )
juventus beat lazio 2 - 0 in their serie a clash at the summit of serie a . carlos tevez scored the opening goal for juve and celebrated by dancing like a chicken .  barcelona stay in first place and keep their two - point lead over real madrid .  paris saint - germain lead the french coverage after beating nice 3 - 1 .
karen huff klein , 71 , tried to ignore the boys calling her fat , ugly and poor but was seen wiping away her tears in a 10 - minute video in 2012 .  now one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of forcing a special - needs classmate to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch .  mrs klein said that the middle - schoolers who verbally attacker her ' didn ' t learn any lessons from the other ordeal ' .
mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife , maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165 , 000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc . ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his ' miracle cure ' anatabloc product .  mcdonnell ' s lawyers were responding to the government ' s brief urging the court to uphold the criminal convictions .
arsenal will play aston villa in the fa cup final on may 30 .  the gunners have a creditable record of three cup final wins in five appearances in the yellow and blue strip .  the kick - off time for the clash has also been confirmed as 5 . 30pm on saturday may 30 , with both clubs receiving an equal allocation of 50 , 000 .  arsenal will be classed as the home side for the final as this is decided purely alphabetically .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
ipswich were held to a 1 - 1 draw by rivals wolves on saturday .  former wolves boss mick mccarthy hailed his side ' s ' belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ' horrible bunch ' of players .  the town ' s play - off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining .  mccarthy said he did not have anything to prove on his second return to molineux .
clem schultz thought his dog missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after missy was spotted by a coned worker , police called schultz and reported the sighting .  when missy first disappeared the family created a facebook page called the search for missy .
jose mourinho reveals how sir alex ferguson and pep guardiola inspired him to try to be a gracious manager .  chelsea boss reveals he showed him ' two faces ' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 .  the pair formed a firm friendship despite being fierce rivals .
cecily hamilton , 16 , and her friend taylor swing , 18 , died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below .  shannon hamilton , who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act , was arrested by deputies on gene nix road on sunday .  since the teens ' deaths , more than 3 , 000 people have signed a petition calling for safety features on the bridge .
paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day . combined their love for each other , while raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .  paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so far raised 7 , 000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
tens of thousands of aussies are bluffing their way around geographic restrictions to watch games of thrones .  hbo has warned users they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on april 21 .  the government proposed a new anti - piracy efforts in a bid to crackdown on online copyright infringement .
christy turlington , 46 , was struck with a post - partum haemorrhage shortly after the delivery of her daughter grace , now 11 , in 2003 .  the mother - of - two says she ' s feeling ' stronger and healthier ' than ever .  she launched every mother counts in 2010 , an organization dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter - final on wednesday .  brendan rodgers is ready to recall dejan lovren at ewood park .  emre can and martin skrtel were both suspended .
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville , oklahoma , was charged with child neglect after the death of her three - month - old daughter .  the baby was found on the floor of the roachesvilleed apartment with bites on her legs and head .  while bell slept on the couch , baby alice somehow suffocated .
philipp lahm spoke to former bayern munich team - mate owen hargreaves as part of a special documentary ' inside bayern munich ' .  the 31 - year - old is one of the most decorated and accomplished players in modern football .  lahm dissected the differences in approach between guardiola and jupp heynckes .
anjelica hadsell , a longwood university student , was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk on march 2 .  her stepfather wesley hadsell was arrested unjustly as he took it upon himself to investigate the crime by breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance .
super speakers were found to have less activity in a key area of the brain .  they were asked to lie in the scanner while talking for 30 seconds .  neuroscientists found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum are unable to detect sarcasm .
hugh roche kelly , who was flying from berlin to paris yesterday morning , posted the account on his twitter profile how the pilot managed to dispel the ' tense vibe ' by his actions .  the germanwings co - pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps , killing 150 people .  mr kelly said : ' there was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal ' .
gertrude weaver , who was already the oldest person in america , died at 116 on monday in camden , arkansas .  she was announced as the world ' s oldest person on wednesday following the death of 117 - year - old misao okawa in japan .  weaver attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking .
ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to ' bloom ' and is the only plant species so far that  s known to behave in this way .  at night , the non - flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects .  they ooze from the plant  s female organs where seeds are produced .
manchester united will play club america , san jose earthquakes , barcelona and psg in the international champions  cup , the tournament they won in america last summer .  louis van gaal was unhappy last summer with
anthony mcgill beat mark selby 13 - 9 during day seven of the betfred world championships in sheffield .  mcgill was the architect of selby ' s demise , but was a 150 / 1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began .  former crucible semi - finalist alan mcmanus has tipped the former pot black runner - up to take the trophy in sheffield one day .
health minister dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102 . 5kg .  his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent , losing two inches off his 35in waist . personal trainer up in the department of health , he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches on keeping healthy .
hernandez ' s fiancee , shayanna jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer ' s mom in the massachusetts court on wednesday .  just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom , sat her 23 - year - old sister , shaneah jenkins , the girlfriend of victim odin lloyd who executed with five bullets on june 17 , 2013 .  the once - close sisters , who shared a apartment in bristol , connecticut , have not spoken since it became clear hernandez had a role in lloyd ' s death .
manchester city face manchester united at old trafford on sunday .  manuel pellegrini ' s side lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace in the premier league .  city could become the first club to beat united five times in a row .
ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown .  the soon - to - be - crowned 20 - time champion jockey is set to retire .  there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5 . 35 .  sam twiston - davies has been confirmed as riding mccoy - trained unioniste in the bet365 gold cup .
richard hammond took to twitter to announce he would not ' quit my mates ' .  announcement came as show ' s former executive producer andy wilman launched scathing attack on ' meddling bbc executives ' .  mr wilman is a childhood friend of clarkson , who was axed from show over ' fracas ' with a producer .  he said : ' to be clear amid all this talk of us ' quitting ' or not : there ' s nothing for me to ' quit ' .
fire chief gavin satterfield , 31 , and assistant fire chief william ' billy ' getzendaner , 34 , were arrested earlier this week on sexual assault charges .  they allegedly held down the unidentified victim while brittany leanne parten , 23 , filmed volunteer firefighters sexually assaulting him with a chorizo sausage .
andrew hennells , 31 , posted details of his plan to rob tesco ' s in king ' s lynn .  a member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife .  he was arrested in a nearby pub with 410 in stolen cash .  last month he admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence .
joe calzaghe enjoyed a holiday in barbados with his girlfriend lucy .  the couple enjoyed a jet - ski session before heading to a single sun lounger .  the former undisputed super - middleweight champion won all 46 of his professional fights .  his defining nights included his win over mikkel kessler , roy jones jnr and bernard hopkins .
manchester city host west ham in the premier league on sunday .  sven goran eriksson was the last manager at city before being taken over by abu dhabi billionaire sheikh mansour and his family .  the former england manager said they have underperformed given their financial clout .
tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams , which would be designed to select exceptional applicants .  the university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit .  coalition reforms planned to  toughen up  the qualifications , as exams will be optional for cohorts starting this september .
pollster nate silver says both main parties will struggle to cobble together any kind of workable majority .  the latest icm poll for the guardian had the tories ahead on 34 per cent  down five points from a week ago .  lord ashcroft found a tory lead of four points  with the party on 34 % compared to labour ' s 30 per cent .  paddy power said mr miliband is now more likely than mr cameron to be prime minister after the election .
the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa .  it was originally posted by sydneysider darren johnson following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in june 2012 .  youtube commenters were quick to point out other inaccuracies in the video , such as the cardboard - esque appearance of the man in the final shot .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract offer .  the 20 - year - old has been linked with a number of europe ' s top clubs .  sterling made his liverpool debut in a premier league defeat against newcastle in 2012 .
don mclean ' s lyrics were hand - written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean .  this week its lyrics were sold at auction in new york for more than $ 1 million .  that ' s a lot of money for 18 sheets of paper , albeit with a lost seventh verse .  american pie illustrates , in a series of images , pas and allusions , just what can be done within the frame of a melodic pop song .
meghan blalock , 29 , is managing editor of popular style website who what wear .
a survey of 600 employers and senior executives reveals the biggest cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistake . 87 per cent of the 600 employers admitting they find it annoying .  other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information .
liam plunkett wants to use his pace to lead england to victory .  the 29 - year - old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in yorkshire ' s pre - season trip to abu dhabi .  he is hoping to make a name for himself in a part of the world that is famous for its quick men .  james anderson and stuart broad are likely to retain new ball duties for the first test in abu dhabi april 13 .
stella maxwell , 24 , was born to irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell .  worked as a diplomat and has lived all over the world thanks to her father ' s job .  now splits her time between los angeles and new york .
maria sevilla and her son , tyrone , have had their visa application rejected .  the single - mum initially had her appeal rejected because her son ' s autism would be a ' burden on the australian health system ' .  townsville disabilities minister coralee o ' rourke called it a ' cold , heartless decision ' .
psg face barcelona in champions league quarter - final on tuesday .  zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti back from suspension for second leg .  laurent blanc says his side must play as if they have nothing to lose .
neil redfearn is considering his position as manager of leeds united .  leeds took two months to appoint steve thompson but he was told he will be suspended until his contract expires at the end of the season .  thompson has also been informed that an option to renew his deal will not be taken up by the club .  leeds sit 14th in the championship table but were unbeaten in march and take on blackburn rovers on saturday .
madonna ' s new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug - related slogan .  the word ' dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering .  femail takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department .
paul bakewell , 35 , from walsall , west mids , proposed to tara barber , 32 .  dad - of - one arranged for his partner to be driven past the billboard by her boss .  hairdresser was shocked when her car pulled up to the billboard .  billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words : ' tara you ' ve changed my life .  will you marry me ? ' .
ukip leader said anti - english sentiment in scotland was now ' biggest ' form of racism .  he said mr salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong .  he added : ' when it ' s the scots being rude about the english you don ' t think it is racist ' .
the 69 - year - old was convicted of indecent assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show .  he was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years .  at a costs application hearing today , he was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial .  costs will come out of the public purse , as well as a further 630 for hotel stays .
the university of sydney ' s commercial arm , sydney learning , has run a pilot of a 17 - week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot ' s college .  the program is only being offered to pupils at a prestigious sydney private school .  student groups and university staff are worried about how the course was being advertised as an alternative to completing the hsc .
xavi has managed just five starts for barcelona in 21 games since the turn of the year .  the 35 - year - old assisted jeremy mathieu ' s winning goal against celta vigo on sunday .  barcelona manager luis enrique insists the midfielder has a vital role to play in the club ' s hunt for the treble .
more than 1 , 000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km - long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the city .  despite plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside tribhuwan international airport .  even more passengers flocked to the airport this morning , including families huddled together beneath blankets .
david moyes gave a 16 - year - old rooney his professional debut at everton back in 2002 .  the england striker was heavily linked with a move to stamford bridge at the same time .  rooney has been a vital cog in louis van gaal ' s new - look outfit .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
lewis hamilton led the way in both practice sessions for this weekend ' s chinese grand prix .  ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season .  mercedes ' s first victory for almost two years at the last race in malaysia .
tori hester , 25 , from san diego , california , was diving in cabo pulmo when the school of fish began circling above her .  husband jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera .
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria claims a wife can only refuse her husband sex if she is menstruating , sick or just given birth .  his religious edict and outrageous comments have horrified many in malaysia and beyond .
destiny cooke , 16 , and lajahia cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shoved around by the mob in trenton , new jersey .  one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl ' s mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches .  destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .
jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract at the end of the season .  the 22 - year - old suffered a knee injury and has become a forgotten man this season .  flanagan has not played a minute of first - team football in 11 months .
real madrid face real madrid in the champions league semis on june 6 .  cristiano ronaldo is looking for his third champions league trophy and second in a row with real .  the two sides have only met twice this season , both times in la liga .
three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo .  one in seven believe that it was the french who were victorious in 1815 .  young people are more likely to associate london with the london railway station or the abba song than the actual battle .
rspca officers discovered five illegal pit bull terrier - type dogs at make - shift farm .  they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights .  footage shows animals held in electrical shock collars , covered with scars .  all five illegal dogs - dingo , sheeba , zula , she and mousey - were ordered to be destroyed .  three men involved in dog fights have been fined a total of 40 , 000 for catalogue of animal cruelty offences .
north charleston police are facing growing accusations that cop michael slager would have got away with a cover up had a bystander video not emerged .  the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media , or in the force ' s incident report filed after the shooting .  slager ' s former attorney had initially claimed that the officer fired on scott during a struggle for his taser and had felt threatened .
lib dem leader pledges to ' spread the burden ' of deficit reduction .  car tax would rise by 25 - a - year but scaled back his plans for a mansion tax .  he mocked george osborne ' s insist that another 12billion can be found .
us scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn ' t pollute the environment like fossil fuels .  breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor .
a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory .  it suggests temperatures at earth ' s equator were - 40c ( 40f ) 2 . 4 billion years ago .  the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood .  but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like europa .
tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane .  the final opponent to the move , archway sheet metal works , is being demolished .  spurs plan to open a new ' world - class ' 56 , 000 - seater stadium in just over three years time .
arsenal came out on top globally with 5 . 68million followers on twitter .  manchester city also have over eight million weibo followers .  tottenham are the only other premier league club to have more followers .  everton ' s support is very much in the infancy of roberto martinez ' s side .
tourist diovani de jesus posted the photo on earth day as a reminder we can all co - exist . the endangered turtles are traditionally found in tropical and subtropical waters .  the shallow water in apo island , negros oriental , philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles .
denise huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home in vallejo , california , on march 23 by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up after her ' release ' .  this comes one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax .
moeen ali will join up with england ahead of their second test in the caribbean .  moeen struggled with the short delivery against sri lanka and india last year .  he has recovered more quickly from a rib injury than anyone expected .
eden hazard is the hot favourite but whoever wins will have plenty of tactical voting to thank .  john terry recently revealed he had chosen liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho as his nomination .  harry kane is another of the favourites to pick up the individual gong .
kevin gill , 45 , from naples , florida , thought his son could care for the reptile while learning about gator .  but deputies were serving a search warrant on the family ' s home for an unrelated issue , and told gill it was illegal .  gill said he never knew keeping an alligator - especially such a small one - was illegal and took it off the endangered species list . it is a felony in florida to keep an alligator without a license , regardless of its size .
paris saint - germain face barcelona in champions league quarter - finals .  zinedine zidane is confident psg can score three goals in the nou camp .  psg lost the first leg 3 - 1 at home last week as luis suarez scored twice .
five - year - old boy pelted israeli police with stones during violent clashes .  incident raised fears that palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence .  prisoners day is marked every year in solidarity with the more than 6 , 000 palestinians in israeli jails .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
prince harry took part in exercises with royal australian artillery in darwin .  the 30 - year - old has completed two weeks of a month ' s service in afghanistan .  he is due to leave the british military in june after 10 years ' service .
andy murray and kim sears met at the us open in 2005 .  murray was the best man for the wedding of his brother jamie and wife alejandra in october 2010 .  the british no 1 and two - time grand slam champion was playing in only his second grand slam tournament .  sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel in 2010 .  murray is the first british man in 77 years to win the men '
video maker returns home with the other people in the clip to find the infestation of birds in their front room .  according to the video maker , he initially thought the intruders were birds but now believes them to be sparrows .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female .  he found that during the day the trees , which grow in tropical and mediterranean climates , flower with their ' female parts ' ready to be pollinated by bees .
the tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the iron age almost 2 , 300 years ago .  it suggests there were links between the south west and the mediterranean .  on one side there is a horse  s head , while the other bears the image of the goddess tanit , the chief deity of carthage .  find suggests that the village of saltford , where it was found , was on a major trade route long before roman times .
jolie briefed the un security council as special envoy for the u . n . on refugee issues .  when asked about jolie ' s planned briefing , syria ' s ambassador bashar ja ' afari responded : ' she is beautiful ' .  nearly four million syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries , which warn they are dangerously overstretched .
more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects  with estimated values of 500 to 30 , 000  will go under the hammer at christie  s south kensington .  one - off , travel - themed auction includes a 34 - star us flag , with an estimated value of 10 , 000 to 15 , 000 , from the civil war era .
money supermarket advert featuring ' dave ' s epic strut ' came on .  the men from cwmbran , south wales , were inspired by the hilarious ad .  david rowles , 38 , said : ' everyone thought it would be a head - turner ' .
sarah wilson opened up in a candid interview about her own personal battle with mental illness .  during the intimate interview , she revealed how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ' couldn ' t quite see the existential point of continuing ' .  she said ' people get on with their lives ' and while she hadn ' t found a husband , nor had children , she felt increasingly isolated .
the 18 - year - old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into garden .  she was bludgeoned several times over head with a large stone .  west yorkshire police are treating the crime as a rape and attempted murder .
michael bisping takes on cb dollaway in montreal on saturday night .  the manchester middleweight is open to fighting again in glasgow .  bisping is coming off the back of a defeat by luke rockhold last november .
the eight - week - old labradors were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site on april 18 without any food or water inside .  the puppies have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage .
adam mcburney was not at his home in county antrim when it was targeted .  neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property .  police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had ' criminal elements ' .
queen letizia and king felipe met with relatives of some of the victims . the germanwings flight was en - route from barcelona to dusseldorf .  it had 144 passengers and six crew members on board , including 50 spaniards .
jeni ' s splendid ice creams of ohio announced on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery .  in an online statement , the company said it is taking the voluntary precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety .  the action follows a similar recall by texas - based blue bell creameries on monday night .
production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in oregon , us .  the company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers .  there will only be ten barrels of beer made and it won ' t be available in shops .
mike ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the 5m loan handed to the previous gers board in january .  dave king ' s new regime have promised a speedy investigation into the claims .
manchester united lost 4 - 2 to united at old trafford on sunday .  manuel pellegrini ' s side have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions .  patrick vieira is in charge of city ' s under - 21 development squad .
andre - pierre gignac opened the scoring for paris st germain in the 30th minute .  zlatan ibrahimovic put pressure on jeremy morel to force an own goal just two minutes later .  psg went ahead for the first time in the ligue 1 title race .
david nicholson , 48 , is accused of sending explicit messages to prostitutes .  married father - of - four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke .  he is said to have organised a liaison in a hotel room on a night .  mr nicholson , from great bedwyn , wiltshire , is still under investigation .
kentucky republican sen .  rand paul will announce his candidacy for president on april 7 in louisville , kentucky .  paul ' s uber - libertarian father , former texas rep .  ron paul , earned an image party - wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist republicans .  ' if he ' s an outsider , i ' m a democrat , ' he said .
thief scaled two - storey antique market in hampstead , north london .  picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor ' like a snake ' to reach store .  spent just eight minutes in the shop before fleeing with more than 200 , 000 worth of stock .  raid happened a week after hatton garden heist where gems worth up to 9million were stolen .
jordan spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four - stroke victory , including equalling the 18 - under total set by tiger woods in 1997 .  it was the disappointment of last year ' s disappointment that ultimately carried him to a four - shot victory .  he watched bubba watson celebrate another masters title , and all the perks and celebrity that came with it .
andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri .  he was executed by lethal injection at 10 . 15pm on tuesday at the eastern reception , diagnostic and correctional center in bonne terre , missouri .  his fate was sealed after the u . s . supreme court turned down several appeals , including one claiming cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution .
cressida , 26 , dated prince harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess eugenie .  the pair split last april , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry .
super league title sponsors first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award .  one player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade .  fans have until april 10th to register their votes for march ' s competition .
officer michael slager has been charged with the murder of walter scott .  the 33 - year - old patrolman is accused of killing the unarmed father - of - four .  slager radioed into his control saying he was pulling over for a broken tail light .  minutes later he appears out of breath as he describes chasing a suspect on foot .  the officer was allowed to stay with the force despite being the subject of a complaint that alleged he used excessive force on an unarmed man .
leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off and crashed into another fence .  he was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting arrest . greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport with an open container and on a license revoked for an alcohol - related offense .
the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes . governor david ige hasn ' t yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues .  1 , 400 people die from tobacco use or exposure in hawaii every year , according to the campaign for tobacco - free kids .
fifa presidential candidate prince ali bin al hussein has made a formal rotation of the world cup between the continents .  prince ali , a current fifa vice - president from jordan , said he could envisage a world cup being played in different countries - or even in different confederations - in a similar way to euro 2020 .  he is standing against current president sepp blatter , michael van praag from holland and former portugal international luis figo .
tottenham goalkeeper hugo lloris will miss sunday ' s game against burnley .  lloris was carried off on a stretcher in the 4 - 3 win against leicester city .  spanish striker roberto soldado is also a doubt for the match .
ri sol - ju wore what appeared to be a wedding ring on her left hand .  she was pictured clapping next to husband kim jong - un during a men ' s football match at kim il sung stadium on monday .  the match was part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of kim il - sung , the young leader ' s grandfather , which falls on wednesday .  ri has been out of the spotlight since december for unknown reasons .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
leicester tigers face saracens at allianz park on saturday .  the 22 - game premiership campaign concludes on may 16 .  saracens , bath , leicester and exeter all bunched up behind saints .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league quarter - final .  diego simeone has imposed his work ethic on his players since joining in 2011 .  the 44 - year - old has been linked with a move to the club until 2019 .  simeone ' s team - mates were stagnating under coach gregorio manzano and had just been knocked out of the cup by a third division side albacete .  click here for all the latest atletico madrid news .
nearly 3 , 400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode .  the nine - day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia .  the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , bridges , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions .
zoo weekly removed ' offending ' images of a half - naked model holding a red poppy from facebook .  the department of veteran affairs said the word ' anzac ' is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes - like zoo weekly ' s ' special anzac centenary issue ' .  social media users were quick to condemn the issue , labelling it ' gross and offensive ' .
sportsmail ' s guide takes you through the permutations in the championship , league one , league two and the conference .  watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win .  derby ( away to rotherham ) will be relegated if they lose to millwall and norwich lose .
lucas played 90 minutes in sunday ' s all - star charity game at anfield .  the brazil international was suspended for three matches for sending off against manchester united in february ' s merseyside derby .  lucas is hoping to recapture what he considers his best form in two years .
in the hbo documentary thought crimes which premiered on thursday at tribeca film festival , gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife and other women online .  for those hungry to learn about valle and his stomach - churning fantasies , the film will also be shown on hbo in may .
jesse willesee was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4 . 20pm on monday .  his girlfriend jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on her instagram account .  jesse ' s controversial partner in crime also lights up in one of the confronting images .
julian speroni has triggered a 12 - month extension that will expire at the end of next season .  the 35 - year - old goalkeeper joined from dundee in july 2004 .  he has played a lead role for palace this season in the club ' s attempts to stay in the barclays premier league .  palace are on the look out for a new shirt sponsor after money transfer firm neteller ended their partnership with the club .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
two prototypes of the cyg - 11 seaplane were tested over the sea off the coast of haikou in hainan province in china .  the aircraft can be used like a catamaran initially until it builds up enough speed to lift off from the ocean .  with a maximum range of 155 miles ( 1 , 500 km ) , the plane can reach a top speed of 155 mph ( 250 km / h )
derek lowe , 38 , and tina lowe , 33 , were hit and killed by an amtrak train .  the carolinian was headed from charlotte to new york city when the accident occurred .  authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured .  a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment .
john isner beat kei nishikori 6 - 4 , 6 - 3 in the final of the miami open .  isner is the first american to reach the semifinals since 2011 .  andy murray will face novak berdych in the other semi - final .
in southern germany , hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession .  the easter horseback parade , known as the georgiritt , is held in traustein , germany and dates back to the 18th century .  also part of the celebration in south - east germany is a sabre dance , which symbolises the victory of spring over winter .
lesley conman and kerry green ' s young daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook .  ms conman ' s daughter abbie , 12 , was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17 - year - old boy .  after tackling the pervert , lesley posted the messages on her own account to warn other parents of the dangerous predator .
tyrus byrd , 40 , was sworn into office in parma last week .  her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force , the city ' s attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor .  there are 713 people living in the community and 57percent are white .
more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the dauphin island regatta in mobile bay .  dauphin island mayor jeff collier told al . com that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause .
mohammed waqar , 23 , and mohammed siddique , 60 , are accused of assaulting a youngster at the uk islamic mission ' s jamia mosque in sparkbrook , birmingham .  the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly for mistakes in his studies , including failing to read the koran properly .  it is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye .
celebrity chef will present simply nigella on bbc 2 , a series which focus on ' a new pared - down approach to cooking and eating ' .  the show will mark nigella ' s first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to charles saatchi .  she appeared on screen in the u . s . as co - presenter for taste but was stopped from flying to the country after confessing to taking cocaine during that case .
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder .  he had to be carted out of court in a wheelchair as judge ronald coen rejected his pleas .  the 48 - year - old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder in january .
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight champion title on saturday .  the american beat kyoji horiguchi in the latest ufc pay - per - view event .  quinton ' rampage ' jackson beat fabio maldonado of brazil to win his first ufc win since 2011 .
police searched an noor community centre and a man ' s home as part of the investigation into the killing of abdul hadi arwani .  leslie cooper , 36 , has appeared in court charged with conspiracy to commit murder .
brooklyn nets beat portland trail blazers on monday .  brook lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds for the nets .  deron williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the trail blazers .
the knightsbridge flat , london , has just three years left on the lease .  it is being sold by russell simpson for 575 , 000 - the same price as a three - bedroom house in stanmore , middlesex .  but if any buyer decides to extend the lease , the property could be worth upwards of 6 million .
kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london .  prince george went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ' in china ' .  prince william had left pregnant kate and son george in london while he undertake a week - long tour of the far east .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery set to face porto .  ribery is not yet fully fit following a five - week absence with an ankle injury .  bayern munich ' s medhi benatia , david alaba , javi martinez and arjen robben had already been sidelined by injuries .
olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are all still in an incubator at houston ' s woman ' s hospital of texas .
isis thugs are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2 , 000 - year old city of hatra .  they are also filmed blasting kalashnikov rifles at artefacts in the city .  the fanatics claim relics promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of islamic law .  authorities also believe they have been sold on the black market to fund their atrocities .
kristen bell is the voice of frozen ' s anna and the spunky star of house of lies .
manchester united have signed a 750million deal with adidas .  images suggest that united ' s away kit for next season will be white .  nike replaced umbro as kit supplier in 2002 .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
orden williams jr . says he was outside a bp gas station in memphis , tennessee , when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended on the establishment .  williams , who was with a baby , asked the teens to be quiet , and soon after was sucker punched and attacked .  police arrested joe brittman , 19 , who has now been charged with aggravated riot , simple assault and vandalism .
a washington couple ' s three - year - old son ' s baby monitor was hacked .  they heard a strange man ' s voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ' wake up little boy , daddy ' s looking for you ' .  they believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device .  foscam , the company where they bought their monitor , admitted it was possible the device ' s cameras were being controlled remotely but they could not say from where .
wales climbed to 22 , their highest - ever position in football ' s world order .  chris coleman ' s side are currently unbeaten in group b of the euro 2016 qualifiers .  aaron ramsey admits the banter with danny welbeck is already flying .
jordan spieth gave up just one shot of his five stroke halfway lead .  the 21 - year - old broke the record shared by ray floyd and tiger woods by a single shot .  masters specialist phil mickelson will start five behind .
the new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and / or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes .  it will launch from blue .  origin ' s west texas facility near van horn , texas , southeast of .  el paso .
ivan rakitic and his wife raquel mauri posted a selfie on instagram .  the croatia international earns millions playing for a barcelona team .  lionel messi ' s has also taken to instagram to confirm he will be a father for the second time .
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year .  he will live inside a contained ball , with no means to escape for 12 months .  the capsule will be 10ft ( three metres ) wide and could fit 10 people .  mr bellini is seeking funding for his project , adrift , which he hopes to begin in november 2016 .
police are believed to have identified one of the men behind the jewel heist in hatton garden , which is based on two jewel heists in la in the 1980s .  criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified ' striking similarities ' between the raid and crime novel black echo , by michael connelly .  the novel was based on real - life bank robbers dubbed ' the hole in the ground gang ' who struck three vaults in 1986 and 1987 .
ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources .  strategist said ' something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . but ukip campaign chiefs have now adopted a ' shotgun ' approach with a far fewer targets .
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app .  the 38 - year - old has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour .  she will be summonsed to appear in court at a date to be determined .  ms davis plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday .
arsenal fought their way past reading in extra time to reach the fa cup final .  alexis sanchez ' s low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici .  aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal ' s garath mccleary goal .  arsene wenger said : ' when you ' re in a final you can win , you want to win it ' .
a six - year - old boulton schoolgirl was seen plopping her head down on her book .  david cameron isn ' t the only politician who elicits funny reactions from kids .  nick clegg is just trying to be one of the kids - but he doesn ' t quite fit in .
sammy griner from jacksonville , florida , is using a gofundme page to raise the $ 75 , 000 her husband , justin , who needs a kidney transplant .  justin , 39 , discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son .  he now spends four hours a day , three days a week undergoing dialysis .  the family will also need $ 12 , 000 for just the first year of medications , although he ' ll be on drugs for the rest of his life .
george gittoes was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world .  the 65 - year - old was recognised ' for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world ' .  he will receive the prize at a november ceremony in sydney .
michael carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup .  he has played in 377 matches for manchester united in his nine seasons .  sir alex ferguson signed carrick for 18million in 2006 , and trusted him in midfield .
russian warship and two bombers strayed close to uk territory yesterday .  uk to send heavily - armed frigate to monitor vessels as they passed through channel .  two russian long - range bear bombers , capable of carrying nuclear missiles , hugged british airspace .  sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to  snoop  on nato war games exercise taking place in scotland .
the 63 - year - old former air hostess has won a 14 . 5m london mansion .  her main marital home was a 26m ' palatial residence ' in jeddah , saudi arabia .  she claimed her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes .  but after their divorce , the woman moved into the townhouse .  she has now been allowed to keep it as part of a complex legal settlement .
the 38 - year - old suspect jumped into brush creek in kansas city , missouri , after being stopped by police .  he was taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg .  police suspect the man may have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol .
mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago .  the pakistan all - rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the world cup in australia and new zealand .  the 34 - year - old is free to resume bowling in international cricket .
bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel for her visits into the chernobyl exclusion zone , the site of a devastating nuclear explosion in 1986 .  she says she has exposed herself to more radiation going intohospital , and is more likely to develop cancer from swimming in the sea .
the monkey was filmed in the thai town of kanchanaburi .  it approaches the woman , who holds a banana , with its outstretched hands .  the cheeky money snatches the banana from the woman ' s hand .
linda shute has banned children from consuming drinks at rowdown primary school .  but some parents believe the water - only rule is too strict .  they say many children go all day without a drink because they don ' t like water .  mrs shute said : ' as a mother , i have the right to choose what my son drinks ' .
lord janner escaped prosecution for eight years until the cps announced he is unfit to stand trial due to alzheimer ' s .
angelique kerber of germany beat maria sharapova 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 1 in the second round of the porsche grand prix .  madison brengle of the u . s . upset third seed petra kvitova 6 - 3 .
kenny bayless will referee floyd mayweather vs manny pacuiao on may 2 .  bayless has previously worked five of mayweather ' s previous fights .  oscar de la hoya believes mayweather will benefit from the appointment .
the alarm clock , called wake , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound .  it uses a white led to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper  s face to slowly wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster .  instead of relying on cameras , the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat .
jericho scott , 16 , was shot dead in new haven , connecticut early on sunday .  the budding star had five no - hitters in the team ' s first eight games of the season before being told he could no longer pitch for his team .  scott was banned from the youth baseball league of new haven in 2009 at age nine because he threw 40mph .
jordan spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina .  the 21 - year - old finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par .  he finished well off the pace by carding a three - over - par 74 .  matt every and graeme mcdowell shared the lead on five under .
rachelle friedman chapman , 29 , was pushed into a pool in may 2010 and was paralyzed from the neck down .  she was unable to stop taking the medication , which could be damaging to a fetus .  her condition means all four of her limbs are impaired , not strictly paralyzed .  rachelle and chris chapman will welcome their baby girl on april 18 , thanks to an old friend who asked them to let her be their surrogate .
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final .  the former england midfielder was shown a red card for lashing out at simeone during the 1998 world cup knock - out match .  simeone played 106 times for england during the knock out match in st etienne .
arsene wenger and jose mourinho were at the stalemate at the emirates .  the pair were dressed as a clown , say , and the other a superhero .  both bosses were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews .  arsene said one of the important motivators for his team was ' to share positive emotions with our fans ' .
joshua malatino and his then - girlfriend samantha scott were arrested in april 2013 and accused of harassing and stalking another ice cream vendor .  malatino allegedly offered his rival ' s customers free ice cream and boasted that he ' owned the town ' s ice cream truck business in gloversville .  scott ' s separate case resulted in her accepting a fine for disorderly conduct .
edda goering cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes .  the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him .  she claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal .
sockeye salmon migrate up rivers during the spring to reach breeding grounds .  they will swim against the current in order to reach the spawning grounds .  photographer juergen sohns , 56 , captured the moment in the katmai national park , alaska .
darren bent has scored seven goals on loan at aston villa .  the former england striker has been linked with sunderland and newcastle .  paul lambert was sacked in february after two - and - a - half seasons at the club .  bent also praised steve mcclaren as one of the best managers he has played under .
jamie vardy scored an injury - time winner for leicester against west brom at the hawthorns .  vardy struck past goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the game .  leicester remain bottom of the premier league table , just three points behind hull in 17th .
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon after she drove a red peugeot towards southend .  some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries .  the pensioner was taken to basildon hospital as a precaution .
david haye , 34 , was stopped by officials after his arrival at dubai international airport .  he was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced .  haye also handed over his passport to authorities , and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee woke up on wednesday after being in a coma for five months .  the 20 - year - old was five months pregnant when she went into the coma , and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son , who she saw for the first time wednesday .  baby l meanwhile is still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the university of tennessee medical center .
damon clay , 17 , is in a medically induced coma at grady memorial hospital in atlanta after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping .  officers have arrested quintavious barber and 18 - year - old malik morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child .  clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three - month program offered by a nonprofit in the area .
number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 , researchers claim .  percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while muslims will outnumber christians by 2070 .  islam will be the fastest growing religion in the world over the next four decades .
dozens of animal welfare complaints made after horse attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen .  one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs .  a number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event in greencastle , county tyrone .
luke shaw thought he had done ok against arsenal in the fa cup .  louis van gaal substituted the 28million defender at half time .  shaw had kept alex oxlade - chamberlain reasonably quiet .
karen reidy , 40 , met sakir candan , 12 years her junior , in 2012 .  the hotel worker ' s dream romance turned sour when she discovered he had been cheating on her for several months .  she slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look .
two - year - old tommy cox from colchester , essex , is third in line to the throne .  tommy ' s mother is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince ' s lookalike .  friends of mrs cox have suggested she should look into getting work for tommy as a royal look - a - like , some of whom can earn up to 1 , 000 a day .
heather mack , 19 , brutally killed sheila von wiese - mack with the help of her boyfriend in august . mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years .  australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from bali to australia in 2005 .
the chair in which abraham lincoln was shot has been on display at the henry ford museum in dearborn , michigan , for 85 years .  on april 15 , it will be removed from its encasing to be displayed for the 150th anniversary of the assassination ' s 150 anniversary .  historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people ' s heads who sat in the chair before lincoln .
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made .  it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick .  the car , in classic ferrari red , was the pride and joy of the father of cameron bueller ' s best friend cameron in the movie .
alexia christian , 25 , was killed by police in downtown atlanta on thursday .  police have released the name of the woman identified as 25 - year - old alexia christian .  at one point she fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire .  witnesses said christian had been handcuffed and must have got one hand free to fire a gun .
padraig harrington opened with a 74 on his masters debut on friday .  the american amateur continues to impress after a year ' s absence .  jack nicklaus or ben crenshaw ' s treacle hits off on the first tee .
england left for the caribbean on thursday knowing they must beat the west indies on their return to test cricket .  coach peter moores answered questions about the possible return of kevin pietersen .  pietersen initially lost his job as england coach after clashing with pietersen at the end of 2008 .
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home .  when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated argument ensuing .  standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed , catalina answers back at her father in a bid to get him to do the cleaning .
southampton have slipped out of the champions league places .  ronald koeman believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor .  southampton face hull city in the europa league on saturday .
the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ' business as usual ' saturday .  the company said earlier the outage affected 7 , 000 stores in the us and canada , prompting baristas to give away free drinks .
lewis hamilton remains the richest sportsman in britain with a fortune of 88million .  wayne rooney has overtaken jenson button to be in second place .  manchester united captain steven gerrard takes up fourth with wealth put at 7m .
jane laut , 57 , was arrested and charged in 2009 for the 2009 murder of her husband david laut .  prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their california home the night of august 28 , 2009 .  laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10 - year - old son and their dogs .  it came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial .
jose mourinho has never lost to arsene wenger in 12 outings .  chelsea face arsenal at the emirates on sunday afternoon .  eden hazard is in line to be named pfa player of the year this weekend .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
wayne rooney scored a stunning half - volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 at old trafford .  it was his sixth goal in eight matches for united since being restored up front by louis van gaal after a spell in midfield .  fellow goalscorer ander herrera said rooney shows ' very , very well what manchester united is ' .
gel contains platelet - rich plasma ( prp ) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing .  u . s . researchers are testing the new gel as a dressing for burns .  spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual .
davon durant was arrested last month on domestic violence charges .  his girlfriend kelsi langley , 19 , claimed he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car .  langley was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion .
dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday in caernarfon , north wales .  daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea and the strong currents began to pull her under .  daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar .
andros townsend came off the bench to score england ' s equaliser in their 1 - 1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night .  paul merson admitted he was wrong to criticise the england call up for the tottenham winger .  merson said in his column for sky sportss . com : ' if townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody .  we are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs ' .
ashley jennifer white , 30 , and her partner paul thomas , 32 , have been charged with child abuse and neglect .  their 5 - year - old son , noah , went missing from their home in dublin on march 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter .  the couple ' s 6 - month - old daughter was removed from their dublin home and placed in the custody of social services the day after noah ' s body was recovered .
ronnie o ' sullivan was spoken to by referee olivier marteel in his second round match against matthew stevens .  the five - time world champion enjoyed a successful day , firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12 - 4 lead , needing just one more in monday ' s closing session .  ali carter continued to struggle in his match against australia ' s neil robertson .
michelle mone , 43 , bought the three - bedroom property in glasgow for 780 , 700 after splitting from her former husband michael in december 2011 .  she spent months renovating the period two - storey townhouse in the park circus area of glasgow .  it features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a modern fully integrated kitchen and a white gloss central island .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15 - year - old girl and one of grooming .  the midfielder could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty .  sunderland are just one point above the premier league relegation zone .
raymond townsend , 32 , was found liable for sexual harassment against geralyn ganci , now 32 , after telling her she would not have sex with him .  ganci said that he ' had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me ' .  townsend and townsend are now liable for more than $ 700 , 000 in damages and fees after losing a civil rights suit .
kenne worthen , 27 , allegedly had a sexual relationship with one of his 12 - year - old students at longview elementary school in phoenix last august . he ' kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app , where she labeled his profile with a fake name , ' jesse smith ' .  in another , the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police .
scientists from the university of connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change .  while another group of researchers have added to the forecast with a separate study , which warns that marine animals near north america , antarctica and new zealand are most likely to die out .  if future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre - industrial levels , the extinction risk would increase from 2 . 8 to 5 . 2 per cent .
giant waffles , 12 scoops of thick ice - cream , four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream are on sale at the wicked waffle in north end , portsmouth .  customers can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes , with no toilet breaks .
four out of ten people think prince charles should give up his right to be king .  william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family .  despite courtiers  efforts to have camilla accepted into the nation  s hearts , 55 per cent are against the duchess of cornwall becoming queen when her husband becomes king .
xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats .  he even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low - cost airline .  unesco has named france ' s ' gastronomic meal ' a world treasure .
james rodriguez is ' worth his weight in gold ' , according to spanish newspaper marca .  los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when rodriguez is in the side .  cristiano ronaldo ' s yellow card against rayo vallecano on wednesday .  la gazzetta dello sport lead on roberto mancini ' s plans for a summer revolution at inter milan .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .  he hasn ' t been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it doesn ' t have to cost a fortune .
towie star , 29 , is the first celebrity to star in an ann summers campaign .  campaign features 15 swimwear pieces including plunge , bandeau and boost bikinis .  jacqueline says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board .
liftoff of the 208ft ( 63 metre ) tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4 : 33pm edt / 2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida .  but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1 / 2 - minute mark .  spacex is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the atlantic ocean .
natalie whitear , 35 , suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness .  the condition means she is able to recognise objects , but not faces .  she can ' t recognise her husband and children when picking them up from school .
archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes , near senterada in catalonia , around 200 , 000 years ago .  the fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave .  it is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about their relationship with the animals they co - existed with .
west ham lost 2 - 0 at manchester city in the amman derby on sunday .  mohammed shatnawi kicked the ball over his head before kicking it over his foot .  west ham ' s james collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross .
yann kermorgant opened the scoring for the cherries in the 81st minute .  callum wilson doubled the hosts ' lead in the 70th minute .  greg halford equalised for the hosts in the second half .  bournemouth set a club record 106 goals in all competitions .
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england ' s first innings against west indies in antigua .  the 28 - year - old has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 tests .  broad has always had the ability to get something out of a flat pitch .  jimmy anderson are an outstanding combination , taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 tests they have played together .
tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world .  the 39 - year - old was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th masters appearance at augusta .  woods has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it .
nicklas bendtner was not included in the wolfsburg squad for sunday ' s draw against schalke .  the denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad .  manager dieter hecking said bendtner would have started the match if he hadn ' t turned up late .
marcos rojo enjoys a meal out with friends and family in portugal .  the manchester united defender is impressing in defence under louis van gaal in his first season in the premier league .  fitness instructor sarah watson claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail .
mats hummels has admitted he is considering his future at borussia dortmund .  the german centre - back has been linked with a move to manchester united .  the 26 - year - old has already attracted attention from other clubs around europe .
detlef guenzel chopped polish - born wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces and buried them in the garden of his home in hartmannsdorf - reichenau in 2013 .  he was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead .
donny ray williams , who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee , slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious .  that same year , he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent , prosecutors say .  a judge on friday agreed with a prosecutor ' s recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries .
samantha cameron revealed her love of alternative group polica .  the american band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ' barbaric ' .  video for the first single on the group ' s most recent album depicts androgynous - looking singer channy leaneagh subjecting her trussed - up alter ego to a violent assault .
david cameron ' s party , on 36 per cent , has moved ahead in the last fortnight .  labour , liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped in recent weeks .  labour is on 32 % , ukip on ten per cent and liberal democrats on eight % .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction .  participants pray to a god who is said to help with fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections .  festivalgoers parade through the streets with three giant phalluses , while spectators lick lollies or snack on sausages or vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia .
kylie jenner is the youngest member of the kardashian - jenner clan .  she has been one of the biggest tween stars ever since 2007 .  the reality star is continuing to mesh - merize us with her evolving fashion sense .  kylie ' s exact dress is still up for grabs at nordstrom for $ 315 .
twitter has officially rolled out its  retweet with comment  feature , which , unsurprisingly lets people annotate the tweets of others .  the feature will roll out to android handsets soon .  users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet .  twitter began testing its tool last summer .
megan sheehan , of san francisco , was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground .  she had been arrested and booked at the santa rita jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st . patrick ' s day of 2014 .  she said that camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and oakland police conflict with what police say happened the night she was arrested .
the dress caught the attention of google executive , eric schmidt .  the 45 - year - old shared an old picture of her in that dress on instagram .  the dress is one of the few articles of specific clothing to be honoured its own wikipedia page .  it is so accurate it can locate and distinguish between a range of object sizes within a single image .
made in chelsea star mark - francis vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches .  the 26 - year - old has got into the habit of buying a new watch each year .  his most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase .  one of the flashiest watches in his collection is the bulgari chrono 42 .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he was in 2010 , according to his trainer freddie roach .  the pair came close to agreeing a big - money bout five years ago .  but it eventually fell through and the pair will finally go head - to - head in las vegas on may 2 .
university of south florida , in a joint project with the hillsborough county sheriff ' s office , have proposed building a ' body farm ' in lithia .  five to ten bodies from usf ' s after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the walter c . heinrich practical training center .  if the research is approved , the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases .
gary mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find leg had gone cold back in 2013 .  surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound .  the 53 - year - old has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through .  he will not be able to play football again , leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters .
chelsea beat manchester united 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on saturday .  john terry ' s challenge on radamel falcao came during build - up .  sky pundits thierry henry , jamie redknapp and graeme souness agreed that play should have been stopped for terry .
chelsea manning , 27 , is serving a 35 - year sentence for espionage and computer fraud after being convicted of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to wikileaks .  she sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters , including the american civil liberties union , amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald .  she also gave a shout out to tom morello , the frontman of rage against the machine .
according to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out .  there  s even a word for it   nomophobia  , the fear of being without a working mobile .  sir james dyson , inventor of dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing 10 million in battery experts sakti3 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
denmark and brondby defender daniel agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct after elbowing mattias jorgensen in the head .  the incident happened during the hotly - contested derby against copenhagen on monday .  match officials took no action during the game , which finished in a goalless draw , but the disciplinary committee found agger guilty of violent conduct .
daniel levy is planning a new transfer policy for tottenham hotspur .  the club sold gareth bale to real madrid in 2013 for a world - record 85m .  not even having the premier league ' s top goalscorer in harry kane has placed them among the elite again .
video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station in philadelphia .  shows five people storming out of a minivan and attacking the 51 - year - old .  one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground .  they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies blood .  police are still looking for the remaining suspects and have asked the public for information .
jose luis gaya is real madrid ' s first choice left - back .  the 19 - year - old spaniard has played just 11 premier league games this season .  chelsea and city are both willing to pay the 13 million buyout clause for gaya .  gaya was forced to leave the camp last week after suffering a hamstring injury .  he is hopeful of being fit for valencia ' s crucial league clash with villareal at the mestalla on sunday .
nasa has put together a team of ' extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable .  the initiative will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford , the university of california and yale .  it will include those who study earth as a life - bearing planet , discovering worlds orbiting other stars in the galaxy .  the announcement comes just weeks after nasa ' s top scientist predicted we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them .
scientists in colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle .  every two years it appears ' bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface .  this combines with the existing 11 - year solar cycle , causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections ( cmes ) and solar flares that can damage satellites and have an enormous financial cost .
avengers : age of ultron was shot in seoul , south korea last year .  the country ' s culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs .  the agreement the republic of korea is shown as ' high tech ' and ' modern ' .
the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia .  it is nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2 , 903 ft ( 885 metres ) above sea level some 75 miles ( 120km ) south of jakarta .  if true , the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful ancient civilisation .
the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition to richie benaud .  the weekend australian went with ' the voice of our endless summers falls silent ' .  benaud played in 63 tests , 28 as captain , before retiring in 1964 .
bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury in france .  the frenchman suffered the injury during swansea ' s 1 - 1 premier league draw with everton earlier this month .  the 29 - year - old has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in lyon .
double falsehood was presented by theatre impresario lewis theobald in the 18th century .  he claimed it was a re - working of an original by the bard and that he had three original texts .  but a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer ' strongly identifies ' the legendary playwright as the true author .
the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program .  richards was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting an officer and battery on a police officer .
social media giants were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days .  their findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users .  photographers included fedja salihbasic , who boasts 427 , 000 followers on instagram and hanni gharib .
mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani were among those who withdrew from the leeds squad .  steve morison admits he is surprised by the chaos at elland road .  leeds boss neil redfearn described the players who withdrew at short notice and called for them to be sacked by the club .
the swim tee by land ' s end provides upf 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by the skin cancer foundation .
randy boehning , a 52 - year - old who ' s represented fargo since 2002 , sent messages and a photo of his penis to a gay man in bismark named dustin smith .  smith told forum on monday that he was outed as part of a fellow lawmaker ' s retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays .  ' suddenly it dawned on me : i think i ' ve seen this guy on grindr ! ' .
qpr ' s matt phillips has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in europe ' s top five leagues .  lionel messi has made more assists this season than any other player .  arsenal midfielder santi cazorla is one of six players to have recorded five assists this year .
rhiannon taylor , 29 , from australia travels the world reviewing beds , pools and room service .  the melbourne - based instgrammer has more than 12 , 000 followers .  she also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear .
steve tempest - mitchell , from bradford , west yorkshire , lost 16st after surgery .  the 56 - year - old said he needed to be pushed in a wheelchair to board a plane .  the former bomb disposal expert says he has a new lease of life .
thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm , and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season .  the storm brought enough snow to the near - lake tahoe to produce near white - out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents .  in the sierra , up to 6 inches of snow was expected to grow as low as 3 , 000 feet before the system clears out wednesday .
among them were pregnant women and babies who were packed onto buses .  they were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in zimbabwe .  south africa ' s influential zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes .  about 3 , 200 malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos .
sydneysiders missed out on saturday night ' s lunar eclipse , but melbourne and adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the ' blood moon ' .  wet and cloudy weather was to blame in sydney , where the sydney observatory said the short lunar began at 10 . 58pm and finished at 11 . 03pm .  brisbane was also predicted to miss out due to bad weather , but the moon was pictured revealing itself through rain clouds towards the end of a total lunar eclipse .
jodi arias has reported to prison to begin life in prison for murder .  she killed ex - boyfriend travis alexander in 2008 because he wanted to break up with her .  on monday , judge sentenced arias to life without the possibility of parole .
brian nicol , 32 , dived into a pool at a luxury villa in the costa del sol , spain .  his friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him .  police said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident .
study found britons selling their properties refuse to admit housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine .  while average sale prices are about 207 , 000 in the uk , advertised asking prices are typically 74 , 000 higher at 281 , 000 .  online estate agent emoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at the market  s peak and were routinely over - pricing their property , encouraging buyers to put in cheeky offers .
the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield .  those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for 570 , 000 .  another soldier has received 411 , 000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops .
natali castellanos - tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from chesterfield county , virginia , was returning home from a birthday party february 21 with her daughter , elisa , in the backseat .  investigators concluded that the crash was a one - car collision that was caused by poor road conditions .  the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about a white van , her father believes .
carlton tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week .  landlady patsy lord was told on easter monday to close for ' inventory ' .  but returned two days later to find the pub , built in 1921 , was no longer standing .  maid city council is now considering legal action against the developers .
nasa ' s messenger spacecraft is 18 miles ( 29 . 1km ) above mercury .  it is expected to smash into the planet ' s surface on 30 april .  as messenger drops ever closer to mercury , it is sending back some of the most detailed images of the smallest planet in our solar system .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10 , 000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition .  they found many were among those badly affected by events in their formative years .  subsequently , 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes .  other factors include viral infection , dietary habits , birth weight and early weight gain .
clarence david moore , 66 , escaped from a north carolina prison in 1972 as a 23 - year - old inmate .  he broke free from the former polk youth institute in butner , north carolina , in june 1972 .  moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until monday afternoon when he called the franklin county sheriff ' s office in kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive .  he suffers from several unspecified ailments and apparently cannot walk on his own .
nicolas sarkozy is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid .  he is alleged to have got the ump party to pay off his personal fine .  on sunday , his party made massive electoral gains against the socialists in regional elections , and he is convinced he can become president again in 2017 .
the 18 - year - old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man .  he was shown wearing a green puma sweatshirt , dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the incident .  police have come across cctv that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night .
gen nakatani said there has been no alien breach of japanese airspace .  said no government studies into extra - terrestrials were under way .
foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five .  senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years .  nhs employs 40 , 584 gps , of whom 8 , 941 are from overseas .
tyecka shanta evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3 - month - old daughter , taliya richardson .  evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head .
elle macpherson , 51 , has revealed that she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of alkaline .
thames valley police called an army bomb disposal team after a passer - by reported the missile in a rocket launcher on top of a barge in reading .  perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing - looking man wearing a balaclava .
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories .  shares have performed nearly twice as well under conservative governments than under labour over the last 45 years .  figures are a further boost for david cameron and george osborne ahead of the general election on may 7 .
lukas podolski is on loan at inter milan from inter milan .  the german world cup winner has yet to score since arriving in january .  the 29 - year - old says he is prepared to fight for his place at arsenal .
jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of manuel pellegrini ' s side .  the chelsea boss was relaxed ahead of a visit from manchester united .  he even offered support to the hammers boss , claiming he was treated like a ' criminal ' after losing six of their last eight games .  victory will extend chelsea ' s lead over united to 11 points .
jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond today held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman .  just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc following a ' fracas ' with a producer .  there is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by netflix , amazon or another british broadcaster .  may had earlier said the bbc would be ' stupid ' to try a version of the hit motoring show with ' a surrogate jeremy ' .
mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri were among the six players to withdraw from the squad ahead of the defeat by charlton .  former leeds captain trevor cherry has called for the players to be sacked by the club .  redfearn described it as a ' freakish ' set of events .
kimberley donoghue , 28 , fell down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding .  her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows .  the family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast .
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden .  they include three terror suspects who have previously been named but now cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity .  also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter  s passport .  critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public .
crew of the admiral kuznetsov used an old mig - 15 engine to the front of a tractor .  they used the contraption as a huge leaf - blowing machine .
collin burns completed a rubik ' s cube in just 5 . 25 seconds .  the us national ' speedcubing ' champion shaved 0 . 3 of a second off the record .  the previous world record of 5 . 55 seconds was set by dutchman mats valk .
o ' shae smith told the judge lila statom that he shot a rival gang member for being ' in his hood ' while in her courtroom .  smith has been charged with attempted first - degree murder for shooting kendre allen , 18 , in the hip in march .
west indies are losing players to the easier option of the indian premier league .  marlon samuels grafted his way to 103 against england in the second test . samuels has taken the difficult road .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone on tonight ' s episode of married at first sight .
britons wake up grumpier than anyone else in the western world .  only the japanese , south koreans and singaporeans are moodier when day breaks .  while we might sleep longer , we don  t feel as refreshed in the morning .
sania mirza beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6 - 0 , 6 - 4 in just 57 minutes .  the 28 - year - old is the first indian to climb to the top of the wta doubles ranking .  mirza ' s run of winning 14 successive doubles matches with hingis will see her leapfrog italians sara errani and roberta vinci at the top .
rodrigo gularte , 42 , asked ' am i being executed ? ' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island .  he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of wednesday morning .  the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices .  his family pleaded for clemency on the basis of his mental illness .
andrew danziger claims to have seen a ufo flying through the sky .  he said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for 30 seconds before it vanished .  mr danziger flew barack obama during his 2008 election campaign .
ukip leader calls on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the tory leader as prime minister .  he dropped his demand that the tories ditch mr cameron before any post election deal .  ukip has reduced its list of targets to just ten seats as it has been squeezed in the polls .
two long - time friends and their four sons traveled from montreal to corbin , kentucky to eat at the original home of kentucky fried chicken .  the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario , as well as five u . s . states .  for three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted kfc .
australian olympian jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child .  the 32 - year - old has been congratulated by the official australian olympic team ' s twitter .  emily was born at a healthy 3 . 1 kilograms on monday .
ssangyong ( korean for ' two dragons ' ) is launching a new sports utility vehicle .  it is powered by 1 . 6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions .  it arrives in the uk this summer in three trim levels - se , ex , elx - with a choice of front - wheel drive or ' intelligent ' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range .
nikola karabatic has been accused of match fixing along with 15 others .  he has denied placing bets on the result of a match in which montpellier club lost to a struggling team .  the former montpellier ace now plays for barcelona in the spanish league .  other former or current montpellier players including mladen bojinovic , dragan gagic , primoz prost , issam tej and mickael robin will also be tried .
billy vunipola cited for striking leicester ' s mathew tait with his head .  the incident occurred in saracens ' 22 - 6 win at allianz park on saturday .  the saracens back row back row will appear before an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday .
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands .  paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of alicante .  mcdonald is wanted on suspicion of conspiracies to import and supply cannabis .  he is believed to be a member of a europe - wide organised crime network .
jordan rhodes scored in blackburn ' s 3 - 0 win over leeds on wednesday .  blackburn boss gary bowyer has challenged the striker to become an fa cup hero .  rovers face liverpool at ewood park in the first full house since the start of the season .  bowyer believes his side will be buoyed by the ' extra 20 , 000 people ' .
defence secretary michael fallon says he is a ' backstabber ' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a ' grubby ' deal with the snp .  mr fallon said the full replacement of trident would be a ' red line ' in any second conservative - liberal democrat coalition .  up to three - quarters of labour election candidates oppose the replacement .
jordan sharifi , 17 , confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to raymond howell , jr . on thursday .  raymond was found in a ditch from a self - inflicted gunshot wound .  sharifi discovered raymond ' s body in a rain culvert after the boy ' s mother called to ask him if he ' d seen her son .
adrian peterson will meet with the nfl to discuss his reinstatement .  the 30 - year - old was placed on the commissioner ' s exempt list due to a child abuse case .  peterson is under contract for 2015 , and is set to earn a base salary of $ 12 . 75million from the vikings .
lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire on thursday .  he said : ' imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going owww ' .  the woman , dubbed ' psycho pen lady ' , was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago .
mike holpin , 56 , has fathered 40 children by 20 different women .  father of 40 is said to have cost taxpayers 4 . 3million in benefits and other costs .
chris ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders chelsea for 88 minutes in the west london derby at loftus road .  the hoops boss then witnessed cesc fabregas ' late winner in the 88th minute .  ramsey turned away from the pitch to crouch down and collect his thoughts .
sally gordon - smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school in keilor east . she was described by police as caucasian , 150cm tall , with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair .  police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning .
ministry of defence 1 was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill .  he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions .  but some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two .  the panjandrum was an unlikely - looking weapon , made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle .
dr unt tun maung , 43 , was working as a locum gp when he assaulted the girl .  he then asked the teenager to remove her bra , before cupping her breasts .  the father - of - one , of chester - le - street , county durham , had spent 12 years working in the nhs , but has now lost everything because of a ' moment of madness ' , his lawyer said .  maung was jailed for 18 months at durham crown court .
anand iyer , 36 , worked for threadflip , but ditched his job to be a house - husband .  now he ' s part of a growing faction of men who are subverting the traditional parental set - up to spend more time with their children .
daniel sturridge will miss liverpool ' s trip to hull city on tuesday night .  the liverpool striker missed five months with calf and thigh issues .  brendan rodgers has vowed to do ' what is best ' for the striker .
geoffrey kondogbia has racked up over 100 league appearances for monaco , sevilla and even sevilla .  the 22 - year - old is a real presence in the liverpool midfield .  he was a key player for france alongside paul pogba at the under 20 world cup in 2013 .
italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein groped her in his office .  weinstein is a former miss italy finalist and always maintained his innocence .  he could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true .  the manhattan district attorney ' s office has decided not to prosecute weinstein .
48 per cent thought they should be free , while 31 per cent said they are too high .  most atms are free to use , but those in places such as nightclubs can charge around 1 . 50 to withdraw cash .  parking charges and fines made councils in england a record 667million last year .
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for dayot upamecano . the 16 - year - old almost joined united in the january transfer window .  monaco , inter milan and paris st germain had also expressed interest .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday .  louis van gaal ' s side have beaten tottenham , liverpool and manchester city .  gary neville believes their current form means they can beat anyone .
good morning britain ' s # selfieesteem celebrates women as they are .  women take an average of six selfies before posting one online .  ex - big brother star susanna reid , 30 , puckered up for her close - range selfie .  susanna reid : 44 , shared her first unfiltered selfie in aid of the campaign .
christian benteke scored his 17th premier league goal of the season .  the point lifts qpr above qpr 18th on goal difference .  tim sherwood was disappointed that villa ' s domination did not result in three points for his side .
lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment .  she was ordered held on $ 150 , 000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted .  the killing came after the late mayor ' s years of domestic abuse , the widow claims .
jay rutland , 34 , is married to the 30 - year - old daughter of formula one boss bernie ecclestone .  training consultant ' s firm brigante business developments listed in company records as providing ' management consultancy activities ' .  latest accounts for the year to july 2014 were filed to companies house a fortnight ago , showing the company having total net assets of 3 , 378 , down from 18 , 131 the year before .
kyle seitz , 37 , of ridgefield , connecticut , received two years of conditional release , a sentence similar to probation , at the hearing in danbury superior court .  authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15 - month - old son , benjamin , to day care on the morning of july 7 , 2014 , and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work .  seitz drove to his son ' s day care at
freddie gray , 27 , died sunday after he ' had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by four bicycle officers .  in a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain .  baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings - blake vowed to ensure the city held ' the right people accountable ' after his early - morning death .
joseph o ' riordan , 74 , accused of trying to kill his wife of ten years amanda .  he stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman .  he was considering allowing her to have affairs once a month as long as she stayed with him , brighton crown court heard .
emma forbes , 49 , and her hedge fund boss husband graham clempson , 51 , had bought it for 43 . 5 million in 2007 .  the four - storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , an underground pool , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage .  one neighbour described it as looking like a ' down - market mortuary ' .
cosmo australia editor bronwyn mccahon says she regrets that her magazine didn ' t more thoroughly investigate belle gibson before presenting her with its fun fearless female award .  gibson , 23 , created a social media empire and the whole pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival .  she said she was not scared of death but ' heartbroken ' at the idea of leaving her son olivier .
daniel steele , 25 , was arrested at his home in raleigh , north carolina , not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9 . 40pm on saturday night .  kimberly dianne richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of sunday .  her baby , a girl , survived and is being cared for at wakemed hospital .
charlie chaplin ' s union to lita grey lasted just three years .  the film star was said to have bedded the 16 - year - old after promising her marriage and then tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant .  the original 50 - page divorce papers were found in a bank in america .  they are being sold by parade antiques on devon for 15 , 000 .
the driver of the ferrari , bought only a week ago , smashed into a tree .  a male passenger suffered head and leg injuries in the crash .  the 1991 ferrari 348 is thought to be worth between $ 90k and $ 110k .  a south australia ambulance spokeswoman said that speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink - driving .
uk oil & gas investments boasted ' world class potential resource ' beneath weald basin , covering surrey , sussex , hampshire and kent .  ukog  s millionaire chairman david lenigas insisted at the time that the oil would create thousands of jobs .
alex vella , 61 , has failed to stop the government ' s cancellation of his visa while he was overseas , leaving him stranded in malta and unable to return to his family in australia .  three federal court judges ruled that vella be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled his visa last year .  vella is the longtime boss of the nation ' s biggest bikie gang since 1973 .  he has painted himself as a nelson mandela - like figure and sold stubby holders and t - shirts .
jason denayer has impressed for celtic on loan this season .  manuel pellegrini has confirmed the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent this summer .  the 19 - year - old belgian defender is currently on loan at parkhead .
chantelle doherty , 21 , was involved in a raid on the home of a 92 - year - old man .  she bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky , a decanter and a phone .  her friend martin lawrence , 27 , also targeted a man aged 99 , claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work .  doherty has been jailed for two years and accomplice martin lawrence for five years .
harry redknapp joined bt sport for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool .  jake humphrey suggested he was in ' hostile territory ' .  raheem sterling managed to nearly shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea ' s 3 - 1 win over hull on saturday .  the frenchman has scored four goals in his last six premier league games .  charlie austin is this week ' s runner up with a game index score of 52 . 2 .
rudy gestede has scored 20 goals in the championship for blackburn .  the 26 - year - old has been playing regularly for 18 months .  blackburn , crystal palace , hull and west brom have also expressed interest .
residents in oldham , manchester , were stunned when cctv revealed a binman .  the binman was filmed lifting the bags out of dustbins before throwing them to the side .  council workers were fly - tipping all along park road in glodwick .  they searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them .  some of the residents had been sent letters threatening legal action if the rubbish was not cleared up .
luke tingey and kyran wiltshire are to hand trials to mk dons .  tingey , 18 , was included in karl robinson ' s first - team squad for friendlies last pre - season .  united are looking to bring in some talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season ' s uefa u18 youth league competition .
jodie bredo , 26 , has been a professional kate middleton lookalike for six years .  wishes duchess of cambridge would ' change her hair for once ' - suggesting she opt for a bob style .  jodie , who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend , said : ' kate  s new baby isn  t making me broody ' .
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise ' s facebook account where it was  liked  over 2 , 000 times before she decided to remove it .  several facebook users have left comments roasting the hogs breath for the embarrassing mistake .
jurgen klopp announced he would leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .  he has won two bundesliga titles , the german cup and reached the champions league final in 2013 at wembley .  but an era is coming to an end and not just just at dortmund , but this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there  in european football .
big brother star unveils new range with honeyz . com .  full of boho frocks , paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses .
more than 1 , 700 students took the exam in a playground at a high school in yichuan , shaanxi province on saturday .  the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space .  grade one students suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves as there wasn ' t enough room inside .  a regular radio announcement ordered students to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob , 90 , and elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies to lincoln , where they used to live .  but the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost . sarah jones , representing crook , said the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case .
kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college .  he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another ' s sexual parts , 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse .  the career coach is being held on $ 15 , 000 bail in rockland county jail and will appear in court on monday .
google paid its executive chairman nearly $ 109 million last year while the company ' s stock slumped .  most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million .  schmidt also pocketed a $ 1 . 25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million .
the incredible weather event took place in siberia  s third largest city , krasnoyarsk .  flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey .  visibility is drastically reduced as the snowstorm engulfs the russian city .
adnan januzaj turned out for under 21s at the snooker world championships .  the manchester united winger turned up at the crucible on wednesday .  the 20 - year - old was at crucible to cheer on shaun murphy in his quarter - final against anthony mcgill .
colin turnbull , 69 , found in ' compromised position ' with rozina khanim , 39 .  pair were engaged in a sex act at 13 , 000 - a - year independent priory school .  mr turnbull has worked at the school for nine years , hiring out a room to offer private tuition to pupils looking to pass the 11 + .  ofsted , birmingham city council and the department for education were all informed of the incident .
chinese estimates of pyongyang ' s nuclear production exceed most previous us forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs , it has now been suggested .  north korea has long used nuclear weapons as a bargaining chip in international relations .  china ' s foreign ministry spokesman hong lei said he ' did not have knowledge of the specific situation ' .
julie schenecker , 54 , was convicted last may of shooting her son beau , 13 , and daughter calyx , 16 , dead in their tampa bay , florida home in january 2011 .  she said she shot them for being ' mouthy ' but would not say by whom - and that calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness .
police say 35 - year - old donnell graham fatally shot his wife , shaquana graham , and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury township .  the woman was found shot in the head while the other man , kristopher pittman , had been killed by gunshots to the chest .
the clinton foundation has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six .  the change in policy comes as former board member hillary clinton undertake her presidential campaign .  the foundation ' s reliance on funding from several middle east governments sparked criticism and gave republicans a new offensive against the leading democrat .
justin d . smith , 18 , and efrain diaz , 20 , appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty .  krueger , the photo editor at the university of kentucky newspaper and a junior in the college of communication , was shot dead friday .
ss sergeant oskar groening is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300 , 000 jews at the nazi extermination camp .  survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93 - year - old oskar .  they spoke of their pain , pride and duty in confronting this ' cog ' in the machinery of genocide .
bettina liano is reportedly being pursued for $ 126 , 594 in taxes withheld between march and december 2012 .  the jeans designer is the sister of real housewives of melbourne star gina last year .  liano previously went into administration in 2011 but was briefly revived by a deal with the apparel group .  she is also in the process of writing a ' motivational ' book charting her career .
the 50 - foot sperm whale was found bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday .  it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years .  officials say it ' s not immediately clear would be done with the decomposing carcass after the examination .  in the meantime , people have been spotted photographing the animal and even stopping to touch it .
jason mcdonald , 34 , from aurora , colorado , walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators .  mr mcdonald , who volunteers at the farm , said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures .  he said that while his parents have reservations about his daring antics , he has plans to take his hobby further .
kevin davies injured his left hand during preston ' s fa cup replay defeat to manchester united on february 16 .  the 38 - year - old tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing .  davies has found the net just once in all competitions for the club this season .
the 44 - year - old tv star was looking morose as she left her nyc apartment on tuesday .  on sunday it was announced her friend dr fredric brandt had died .
dusty the kangaroo has convinced himself that he is a dog and spends his days with ashley and felicity stewart ' s dogs on their farm in esperance , western australia .  dusty rides around the property , sleeps with them , asks for scratches , and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can .  dusty has also picked up some very canine - like habits .
jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ' rape fantasies ' as ' complex human beings ' .  the couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her .  now the green party stresses they do not ' want to be associated ' with his internet rants .  ms bennett ' s profile has soared in recent months , buoyed by rising poll ratings and green party membership in england passing 60 , 000 for the first time .
the 2015 at & t mls all stars game will take place on july 29 at dick ' s sporting goods park , the home of the colorado rapids .  the fixture will be the only pre - season fixture outside of europe .  spurs head coach mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to the us after the club ' s tour last summer .
jonathan trott was picked for this three - test tour of the caribbean .  alastair cook feels trott is ready for international cricket return .  the 33 - year - old is likely to be given the chance to re - establish himself in the team .
greg gibbins , 28 , went into cardiac arrest after he was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza store in toukley , nsw on sunday night .  police say they believe the attack was ' unprovoked ' and described him as ' good citizen who had been behaving himself ' .  a 20 - year - old man was arrested in halekulani on monday night and charged with murder .
maria lucia , 44 , detailed her year - long battle in a letter to fans on the current ' s website on wednesday as she explained why she would be taking some time off from the station .  the alleged stalker , patrick henry kelly , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week .  he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted .
officials in scotland , wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the fa ditching a tournament that started in 1925 .  this is seen as another example of fa  arrogance  following the english telling fifa that they want to send great britain football teams to the rio olympics without informing the other countries who put the kybosh on the initiative .  there was some surprise that dyke chose to go to the premier league under 21 cup final between southampton and blackburn last monday .
bayern munich defeated porto 3 - 1 in the champions league second leg .  pep guardiola ' s trousers tore at the top of his leg during the match .  l ' equipe are building up to monaco ' s quarter - final second leg against juventus .
patrick bamford , joe garner and danny mayor crowned their division ' s player of the year on sunday .  the football league revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions based on votes by managers .  middlesbrough town ' s daryl murphy was second in the voting .  mk dons ' dele alli finished second behind joe garner in league one .
hundreds of yazidi girls and women , some as young as eight , have been held as sex slaves in the islamic state .  some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors and further at risk at being ostracised by their community .  now , some kurdish doctors are performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to ' reverse the loss of virginity ' .
the man , who has not been named , was pulled up from the rails of the washington , d . c . metro system by two men who leaped down after him .  the rescuers , who also have not been identified , sprang into action after seeing the man ' s wheelchair roll over the lip of the platform .  the incident comes just under a week after a man was rescued after falling onto subway tracks in philadelphia .
out of every 100 spent by these western nations on overseas aid , no less than 14 now comes from the uk .  overall across these 28 countries aid budgets fell by 0 . 5 per cent in real terms , according to the organisation for economic co - operation and development .  the uk ' s aid budget is now nearly double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the development assistance committee .
sales of books about islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 .  special magazine supplement from philosphie also saw spike in sales .  experts believe people are buying the books because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent .
liu guijuan bought the headpiece for 120 , 000 yuan ( 10 , 775 ) she said it was made from the feathers of 80 kingfishers .  web users and conservationists criticised her indifference towards animal welfare .  ' i feel like these people should step down .  who wants to see you if you build your art upon animal ' s suffering .  we would rather you get out ! ' she said .
philip garrod , 43 , was on his way to start a shift with the welsh ambulance service .  he was caught by a speed camera doing 105mph on his powerful suzuki motorbike .  he pleaded guilty and was fined 650 with six points for speeding .  judge ordered an adjournment to take various witness statements .
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , flashed her k - cup breasts on google street view .  she was reported by police with disorderly behaviour .  south australian law professor rick sarre believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance .
pep guardiola will see out his three - year contract with bayern munich .  the spaniard has been linked with a move to manchester city .  karl - heinz rummenigge said he will ' not go to a club like manchester city ' .  bayern could win the bundesliga title this weekend and take on borussia dortmund in the german cup final before their champions league semi - final next month .
danel hall , 10 , was walking down the street in centre point , alabama .  a third person suddenly starting shooting at the animal , it was claimed .  danel was rushed to hospital where he underwent surgery to save his life .
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them .  thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right - wing party a year ago .  other big - name cricketers who have been linked with ukip are sir ian botham and geoffrey boycott .
all but one of 10 former atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on tuesday .  fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors .  in both cases , baxter followed the state ' s recommendations : he gave a former teacher a 7 p . m . curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail .
amal , 37 , tied the knot with george clooney in venice last september .  the london - based lawyer ' s wardrobe has gone from strength - to - strength .  from prada and stella mccartney to dolce & gabbana , alexander mcqueen .
gerry pickens , 28 , is suing orting , washington , for firing him .  pickens is the first black man ever to be hired as a police officer .
ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child .  he took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 .  since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection .  he says that each of his dolls has their own personalities .  ian ' s favourite doll is annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven - year - old girl who drowned while playing with her brother .
syed viqaruddin had links to a network of feared terrorist groups .  asked police van to stop in a deserted area , claiming he needed a toilet break .  another of the prisoners ' tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape ' .  incident came two days after a gun battle in the same state left two terror suspects and a police constable dead .
deborah kane , from manchester , had her right eye removed three years ago .  the 46 - year - old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 .  she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper uv protection .  she has raised over 10 , 000 for the royal manchester eye hospital where she was treated .
students at st peter ' s college were drinking from a bubbler on campus for more than a year .  the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months .  the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite , cryptosporidium .  an investigation has been launched by the department of health and human services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students .
14 - year - old remanded in custody after appearing in court today .  he is said to have incited sevdet besim , from melbourne , to behead .  he was arrested by australian police after greater manchester police revealed extent of communications between the pair .  the boy is also alleged to have encouraged the teenager to carry out another decapitation on a ' loner ' in their own home .
jose mourinho claims it ' s easier to manage manchester united than chelsea .  chelsea are forced to sell players such as juan mata to balance the books .  united boss louis van gaal will be without michael carrick , phil jones , marcos rojo and daley blind for the barclays premier league clash at stamford bridge today .
secretary of state john mccain ' is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal .  mccain said he had ' sympathy ' for iranian ayatollah ali khamenei , because kerry ' must have known ' what the perimeters were for a long - term accord ' .
temperatures in the south could reach 23c ( 73f ) by wednesday , forecasters say .  best temperatures at 2pm today were 16 . 2c ( 61f ) at achnagart in the scottish highlands , followed by 14 . 5c ( 58 . 1f ) in plymouth , devon , bristol and cumbria .  ladbrokes has cut its odds on this spring being the warmest on record .
monsour alshammari , 27 , is in the u . s . on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country ' s royal family .  he was arrested on friday at the border near san diego .  prosecutors believe he was attempting to flee the country with no concern for the $ 100 , 000 someone posted for his bail .
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3 - year - old girl .  she was also caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain .  this after the girl ' s family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 .  his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .  leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .
women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months , while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27 years and three months .  social networks such as facebook and twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships .
hillary clinton ' s secret service - approved campaign van , nicknamed ' scooby ' , stopped in iowa on tuesday afternoon .  the former secretary of state stopped at an ohio chipotle for a cup of joe - and of tea .  at tuesday ' s stop people actually recognized her .
amir khan takes a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake .  the bolton - born fighter then flipped the bottle up , unleashed a flurry of punches to keep it in the air .  the 28 - year - old is currently training for his upcoming fight against chris algieri on may 29 at the barclays center in new york .
jessica ennis - hill will compete against katarina johnson - thompson in austria .  the 29 - year - old will race at the great city games in manchester in may .  she has not competed at all since the london anniversary games of 2013 .
dietrich evans , 22 , arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault .  kay hafford , 28 , was shot in the back of the head in houston , texas .  she had been trying to get on the freeway when she honked at a passing suv .  she said : ' seeing him made me hurt a little bit .  i kinda feel sorry for him , but i ' m not mad at him .  i appreciate him coming forth .  he just needs help and they got him ' .
megumi igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer .  ' i am innocent because neither the data for female genitals are obscene , ' she told judges at tokyo district court .  if convicted of distributing or possessing obscene materials , she could face up to two years in jail and / or a fine of as much as 2 . 5 million yen ( $ 21 , 000 )
james rebanks has been farming in the lake district for at least six centuries .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44 - year - old ron lane .  in a telephone interview from a daytona beach jail , he said lane tried to take advantage of his brother .  ' i did what i did , and i ' m a murderer , you know , what the hell do i got to care ? ' he said .
chris robshaw was caught on camera holidaying with girlfriend camilla kerslake .  the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year .  robshaw said : ' being papped is not something we welcomed or wanted ' .
the world endurance championship will take place at silverstone next week .  wec chief executive gerard neveu said there will be no more ' grid girls ' .  the decision is seen as a progressive one by those in a male - dominated sport .  current world champion anthony davidson has backed the decision .
details of raf ' s main base on the falklands islands were published on the mod ' s website .  the details could be used as ' an invasion guide ' by argentina .  the airstrip operates as a search and rescue location with sea king helicopters .  the blunder occurred as argentina is preparing to lease 12 sukhoi su - 24 long - range bombers from russia .
henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown .  it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple , both previously widowed .  but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as donna ' s health began to fail .  last year , the 78 - year - old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and alzheimers .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation when she was five - years - old .  she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes .  the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle .  all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path .  the car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying .  the 50 - year - old driver of the car was taken to harborview medical center in seattle for treatment of minor injuries .
airstrikes targeted rebel - controlled army camps in red sea port city of hodeida .  jets drew return fire from anti - aircraft guns as saudi arabia hinted it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in yemen .
a 30 - year - old woman , known only as hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis .  she claims she has not suffered any ms symptoms over the past 12 months .  pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media .
out - of - date lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts .  experts recommend playing it safe and restocking your supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging uva and uvb rays .
mark selby will face kurt maflin in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield on saturday .  the world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history in sheffield .  selby is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks in professional competitions .
jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s lose to porto u21s on wednesday .  the chelsea boss was joined by his son jose junior at motspur park .  chelsea beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 in the champions league semi - final .  leandro silva scored a hat - trick for porto to help them progress .
sam allardyce ' s contract expires at the end of the season .  west ham have already beaten their total in the premier league by seven games to spare .  but a run of poor form in 2015 has led to speculation that he will be shown the exit .  click here for all the latest west ham united news .
five afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry in gloucestershire .  police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck ' s back doors on the a40 near churcham , gloucestershire .  it is believed the men had climbed into the british - registered truck in belgium before crossing the channel and entering the uk illegally .
lydia kelm , 23 , had a blood - alcohol content of .  247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald ' s in leesburg , florida , early monday .  police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away , the nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice , prompting workers to yell for her to move forward .  kelm was charged with dui and booked into the lake county jail ; she has been released on $ 1 , 000 bail .
real madrid return to training a day after the champions league .  there was no sign of the likes of cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and james rodriguez .  real will face malaga in next wednesday ' s second leg .
the seven women and five men who voted to find the 25 - year - old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart - wrenching decision , but one they made in confidence .  on thursday , the jury and alternate jurors say down with cnn ' s anderson cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months .
the aston martin db4 cabriolet once belonged to actor peter ustinov .  it was one of the most luxurious cars of its day , costing 4 , 000 in 1962 .  the 3 . 7 - litre engine produced 240bhp , giving it a 0 - 60mph time of 140mph .  it is expected to fetch more than 1million when it goes up for auction .
the black - eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft - high on a flag pole outside philadelphia  s cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning .  video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch .  animal control officers were able to coax the climber down from the flagpole .
enid hatch , 70 , told of the horror as she ran out to look for her husband .  alan rogers , 73 , was sentenced to a hospital order and told he may never be released .  fred hatch , 76 , was beaten to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour .  he was killed two months later by a stranger who had absconded from a mental health institution .  mrs hatch said : ' fred didn ' t deserve to die this way - we had many happy years ' .
natalie fletcher ' s ' 100 bodies across america ' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots , forests and ruins .  for each work natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before choosing volunteers - not models - who she then paints .  each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete , with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted .
cody neatis , from preston , was admitted to royal preston hospital last thursday with a chest infection .  but rather than a bed in the children ' s ward , he has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor as the hospital doesn ' t have a suitable bed .  the hospital does not have the special cot he needs to sleep in , to prevent him from injuring himself in the night .  cody has down ' s syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are taking their masterclass of wellness to the boardroom retreat to ceos and executives across australia .  they teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people ' s every day lives .  the pair ' s workshop is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day .  use your phone as a form of healthcare : have your key values programmed into your phone to pop up each morning .
an american sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a balcony of a hotel in perth .  guests heard a disturbance between a 22 - year - old man and a woman , who were visiting the city from the us naval ship uss carl vinson .  the man has been taken to royal perth hospital with non - life threatening injuries .  police say the man ' s actions were dangerous and ' a sober person wouldn ' t do it ' .
jay hart , 24 , was filmed having sex with a supporter in a clitheroe fc tracksuit .  the 24rd minute substitute for the lancashire non - league side was dismissed after the sex clip was shared on social media .  his girlfriend bryony hibbert , who has two young children , slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip .
rhiannon langley is recovering from rhinoplasty at a bangkok hotel .  the 24 - year - old from melbourne has been on a $ 5 , 190 ' bangkok nose job ' medical tourism package .  the hairdresser has been updating her instagram feed daily , and sharing her progress in a series of snapchat videos .
president barack obama welcomed the new england patriots to the white house on thursday .  the patriots beat seattle seahawks 28 - 24 to win the nfl super bowl in glendale , arizona .  a spokesman for the patriots said ' prior family commitments ' were the reason why brady didn ' t attend the visit .
novak djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the miami open to andy murray .  the tennis champion has apologised to the ball boy and his parents .
egyptian - born hani al - sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men .  he lives in the same neighbourbood where jihadi john was unmasked in february .  now , security services are believed to be investigating the 54 - year - old ' s influence .  he has also been linked to adel abdel bari , another al - qaeda operative .
jean - marie le pen , 86 , said he had ' never regretted ' making similar statements .  his daughter and current leader of the far - right party marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she ' deeply disagrees ' with her ' deliberately provocative ' father .  mr le pen is the founding father of the national front ( fn ) and has tried to steer it away from its anti - semitic and racist roots .
marcello trebitsch , 37 , was indicted monday on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power - broker relative .  the brooklyn resident was in court on monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading .  despite being a co - owner of their mutual fund , allese capital llc , and a certified public accountant who ' kept the books ' , michelle has not been charged .
sienna miller is a yoga fan .  her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies .  she also works with a personal trainer , power - walking and jogging around her local park .
bayern munich beat bayern leverkusen to reach the german cup semi - finals .  thiago alcantara challenged for the ball but followed through with a nasty kick into stefan kiessling ' s chest . the spaniard later helped his side through to the semi - final .
charlene , 37 , cut a glamorous figure during the laureus sport for good foundation presentation .  she presented the award to novak djokovic in shanghai this morning .  benedict cumberbatch , henry cavill and karolina kurkova attended .  charlene is a mother to four - month - old twins gabriella therese marie and jacques honore rainier .
fifi m . maacaron ' s book , natural beauty alchemy , contains over 100 ingredients which treat all - manner of skincare ailments such as acne , oil and dryness .  the 36 - year - old author believes that natural alternatives are the way forward , especially in the midst of gimmicky expensive products .
brian williams was handed a six - month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003 .  according to a new report , williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about brokaw , whom he succeeded at nightly news in 2004 .  but according to former correspondents who spoke to vanity fair , williams wasn ' t so accepting of the ' quirks ' .
pep guardiola ' s contract expires at the end of the 2015 - 16 season .  the spaniard has been in the dugout at the allianz arena since last season .  borussia monchengladbach boss lucien favre is on course for champions league football next season .
the shire of montana , located in the north - west corner of the state , gives guests the chance to live like bilbo baggins for just under $ 300 ( 200 ) a night .  at 1 , 000 square feet , the underground house one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , plus custom - made wooden furniture .  owners steve and christine michaels spent more than $ 400 , 000 to transform the property into a destination for fans of the series .
king charles spaniel alfie suffered three degree burns from a pad used to keep him warm during a scan which vets had heated up in a microwave .  owner lynne edwards said she only realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back .
harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason have been pushed out .  harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals this season .  former qpr boss harry redknapp says he has been rescued by the kids .
jose luis gaya ' s buy - out clause is currently set at 13 . 5m .  spain under 21 defender has represented his country at every level since under - 16s .  gaya is an attack - minded left - back who likes to get forward at every opportunity .
harpers bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star ' s book selfish .  kim and her husband kanye work with a nutritionist who comes up with a meal plan for the pair of them .  a typical day ' s food for kim could include scrambled eggs , oatmeal or a protein shake for breakfast . gwyneth paltrow only eats ' good ' food after discovering she suffered from allergies and was feeling low in energy .
ernest goult , 72 , is accused of making the gesture at a middlesbrough home game .  blackburn players markus olsson , rudy gestede and lee williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial about the alleged incident at the riverside stadium .  goult was granted unconditional bail and the case will return to the magistrates ' court in june .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1 - 0 at the bernabeu on wednesday night .  sergio ramos was the first man to score in the champions league final .  ramos has filled in at left - back and can play across the midfield .  the striker is real ' s carles puyol ' s all - action hero .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
sophie ryan - palmer , 12 , fabian bates , nine , and chloe balloqui , three , are patients at great ormond street hospital , london .
zhou yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets .  he is likely to be found guilty , and could be executed .  the all - powerful chinese communist party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing .
denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday afternoon when a stranger in a cadillac started shooting at them .  ms berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived .
shows such as dad  s army and hancock  s half hour have all fallen foul of the problem , which the bbc blames on the system it uses to record programmes .  listeners have been forced to approach the radio 4 programme , which deals with audience complaints .
new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image from a distance of 71 million miles ( 115 million km ) as it gets closer and closer , the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 july - humanity  s first ever visit to pluto .  in july 2015 the flyby of pluto will begin its final leg of its 3 billion - mile ( 4 . 8 billion km ) journey .  new horizons will become the first spacecraft ever to visit pluto .
peter kelly , a 34 - year - old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9 . 45pm on tuesday .  the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down .  for the next three hours , kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers .  the argument escalated and kelly was attacked and died at the scene .
susannah ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week .  she has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in britain .  many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well .
liam stewart was set to make his senior great britain debut at the world championships in holland next week .  the 20 - year - old had been included in new head coach pete russell ' s 23 - man party for the world championship in holland .  stewart is the son of rock star rod stewart and model rachel hunter .
the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell ' s famous design was among the first built in march 1940 .  it was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber .  in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave .
showbags cost anywhere from $ 10 to $ 30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip to the 2015 sydney royal easter show .  the cowboy bag includes a toy sheriff ' s hat , a vest and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs .  the site lists the retail value of the items as $ 23 . 85 - and that ' s without the added burden of entrance fees , rides and long queues at the show .
scientists from the university of california santa barbara , california , discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2 , 800 feet beneath the seabed off the coast of japan .  this is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem .  the findings have raised the prospect that life may still be clinging on on deep underground on planets such as mars .
marc leishman has withdrawn from this year ' s competition to be with his wife .  masters chairman billy payne has ruled out starting a women ' s masters .  bubba watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour .
dan bilzerian is known for his life of fast cars , supermodels , and heavy - duty firearms . he was arrested last year for placing homemade explosives into a tractor and shooting them .  the film shows him speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun - shaped candle holder , and a bizarre painting .  he then ends the film by saying ' jail .  .  .  let ' s not do that again ' , a phrase he is forced to repeat in the film .
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 % higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce .  one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles .  the impact of divorcing parents lasts long after a child has grown up and become an independent adult .
bayern munich lost 3 - 1 to porto in the champions league quarter - final .  thomas muller , manuel neuer and pep guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to bavaria .  the five - time european champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing .
charlie adam picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot .  the shot was hit such as the back - pedaling courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it .  which do you think is the best long - range goal in premier league history .
the 39 - year - old ethiopian - born stunner fronts vogue paris ' s upcoming may issue .  mrs kebede , the last black woman to cover vogue paris was model rose cordero in march 2010 .  british vogue ended a 12 - year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover when it gave jourdan dunn the prized accolade .
west ham lost 2 - 0 to manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday .  the hammers have now won just one win in 11 premier league games .  carl jenkinson insists the hammer ' s are determined to ensure their season does not end with a whimper .  the 23 - year - old said : ' people in our dressing room are fired up .  if you came in the changing room you ' d see that ' .
sally cox , 39 , stopped her son jed pearce , 10 , from going on trip .  she said she ' doesn ' t want to put her son at risk of being shot ' .  nearly 100 pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to visit .  but about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week ' s school trip .
atlanta - based writer alex gray , 27 , lost 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months .  he admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits , but it wasn ' t until an obese friend ' unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette ' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life .  ' i love myself way more now than i ever have , ' he wrote in an essay for salon .
juventus have made a move for paulo dybala , according to reports in italy .  the 21 - year - old has been linked with a transfer to manchester united and arsenal .  cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring for carlo ancelotti ' s side with his 300th goal for the club .  barcelona continued to resist real madrid ' s charge to overturn their four - point deficit atop la liga .
nikki thomas , from south wales , appeared on this morning to tell how her sister was murdered by her obsessive ex - boyfriend .  jenna was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008 .  he used to hound her with hundreds of calls and messages a day .  he never reported his behaviour to police - and paid the ultimate price .
sergio aguero insists manchester city can retain the premier league .  city go into the derby at old trafford in fourth place , one point behind chelsea .  manuel pellegrini ' s side have won the last four derbies this season .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will face each other at the mgm grand in las vegas on saturday night .  the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million ( 195m ) sportsmail ' s powell will be ringside for the richest fight in boxing history .  tecate have paid $ 5 . 6million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout .
craig roberts , 36 , from chadderton , manchester , walked into post office .  employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave guide dog bruce outside if he wanted to be served .  mr roberts said : ' it is unacceptable that i should be made to feel like i had done something wrong by going to the post office with my guide dog ' .
princess beatrice has been seen at the bahrain grand prix .  the 26 - year - old was spotted in the gulf state with her long - term boyfriend dave clark , according to an onlooker who saw her among dignitaries on the starting grid before the race .  the king of bahrain has been accused of violently putting down pro - democracy protests .  human rights campaigners were horrified when the duke and duchess of cambridge bowed to the king  s wife , princess sabeeka bint ibrahim al khalifa .
violeta tupuola has joined the # kyliejennerchallenge craze by using a shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes their lips to swell .  the teen then put her hand to her mouth in disbelief after applying bright red lipstick which created a duck effect .  in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner ' s bee - stung pout , violeta had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck .
brenda finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out .  she was left with crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school .  but after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence .  she is calling for medical tattooing to become available on the nhs .
britt lapthorne , 21 , disappeared from a croatian night club in 2008 .  her body was found in nearby boninovo bay , where it was found .  her family believes she was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped at sea .  it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
ander herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt .  herrera joined manchester united for 29million last summer .  the 25 - year - old reached the copa del rey and the europa league finals in his debut season at bilbao in 2011 - 12 .
two ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at dublin airport .  one of the planes ' winglets was left dangling by a thread .  it ' s the second time in six months two planes have collided at croatia ' s busiest airport .
german woman was in a taxi stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport .  three thieves are said to have ' appeared from nowhere ' and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag .  the heist took place in the landy tunnel , just under a mile long and notorious for smash - and - grabs .  detectives are trying to work out whether the thieves had inside knowledge , or had simply ' got lucky ' .
766 violent anti - semitic acts were carried out around the world last year .  arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews included in the figure .  2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009 .
gary caldwell will take charge for the first time against fulham on friday .  the 32 - year - old has been at the dw stadium since 2010 .  caldwell was relieved of his duties after wigan ' s 2 - 0 defeat to derby .  wigan chairman david sharpe said caldwell was ' the only candidate we considered ' .
the disciples of the new dawn ' s facebook page has been shared nearly 80 , 000 times since it was posted on sunday .  the community is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame ' lazy ' and ' negligent ' mothers who have elected to undergo c - sections .  it is unclear as to whether or not the page was created with the sole intention of inciting fury .
jordan spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine - under - par round of 62 .  troy merritt fired a 10 - under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links .  merritt is four - shot lead at the top of the standings .
raheem sterling has been linked with a 50million move to manchester city .  brendan rodgers says city are bigger than their etihad rivals .  city have been heavily linked with 50m move for sterling .  city face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
algerian football fans are in for an exciting - if incredibly tense - final few rounds of the season .  with four rounds of matches remaining , any of the 16 teams in the league could still be crowned champions .  last year ' s champions usm algier are currently in fifth place but are just four points off the top .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats .  in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix .  immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable .
saturday night live host taraji p . henson filmed teenager raping 16 - year - old .  during the clip he refers to the attack by his teacher as ' the best day of my life ' - immediately sparking outrage on twitter , with some calling it ' gross ' while another said it was a ' new low ' .  daly admitted he gave ' thousands of high fives ' when classmates found out about the relationship .
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie - trifle combination 16 years ago .  it features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions , whipped cream and sprinkles .  the 32 - year - old software engineer said : ' it ' s finally time .  i ' m making the trifle out of friends ' .
conor mcgregor has unveiled a new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach .  the 26 - year - old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest . mcgregor is challenging jose aldo for his champion title in las vegas on july 11 .
nigel de jong ' s overhead kick levelled for ac milan against sampdoria .  former samuel eto ' o provided the deft pass to nutmeg philippe mexes .  roberto soriano equalised for milan with a massive deflection .
preston were held to a 2 - 2 draw by gillingham in the championship .  jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal of the season in his past 19 appearances .  swindon remain in the promotion hunt following a 4 - 2 win at rochdale .
glenn mason , 56 , plundered accounts of nine pensioners in kent .  he got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in july 2012 .  attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using identity of two of his colleagues , julie jeffrey , 50 , and james cato , 35 , led to them being sacked and charged with fraud .  mason has said he will pay back the whole 185 , 000 out of his rbs pension pot .
grigor dimitrov beat stan wawrinka 6 - 1 , 6 - 2 in the monte carlo masters quarter - finals .  the world no 2 made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve .  the swiss will meet frenchman gael monfils in the quarter - final .
the pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti - isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the city .  it ' s a far cry from the all - conquering image of prosperity its jihadi pr machine would like the world to believe .
those living in esher and walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year .  they paid the most income tax in 2012 / 13 , with bills averaging 16 , 900 , almost four times the national average of 4 , 363 .  average annual income is 59 , 600 - more than 30 , 000 above the average gross annual salary .
trabzon governor abdulcelil oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a stone .  the bus was carrying fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game on saturday night .  caykur rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem .
brisbane ' s anglican archbishop has joined a local catholic priest in calling for the homosexual advance defence to be scrapped .  the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant impose their victim ' came on ' to them .  dr aspinall also appealed to those who resorted to violence at recent anti - islam rallies , as well as a individuals behind an apparent spate of church vandalism in melbourne .
martina hingis was defeated 6 - 4 , 6 - 0 by agnieszka radwanska in the fed cup .  the former world no 1 was persuaded to play because of injuries in the team for the world group playoff encounter against poland .  the 34 - year - old was making a fed cup return for the first time since the 1998 final because she has to play in the competition to qualify for next year ' s olympics .
san francisco is known as america ' s most european city , possibly because you ' ll need to pack a fleece even in late july .  jane horrocks spent three days hurtling around the city , often clinging for dear life to the famous cable cars that haul you up and down the hills .  the brilliant audio guide to leads you around the prison is narrated only by men who were once guards or prisoners on the rock .
carol chandler , 53 , is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 .  she was charged as part of scotland yard ' s investigation into allegations of sex abuse at st paul ' s school in barnes , south west london .  the investigation is also looking into its prep school colet court .
wheels broke off at east midlands airport , near derby , on april 29 , 2014 .  cargo planes left main landing gear detached due to chrome plating .  plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods .  report cited concerns about communications between air traffic control and other agencies .
tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport in the 1930s and were intended to provide car parking spaces .  but following the outbreak of the second world war , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter .  the shelter has been converted into a museum , replicating the conditions which would have been found 75 years ago .
lewis hamilton takes pole position under the lights at sakhir circuit .  mercedes team - mate nico rosberg is third six - tenths of a second behind hamilton .  rosberg was beaten to pole position by hamilton by four tenths .
winston reid signed a six - and - a - half year deal with west ham last month .  the new zealand international had been linked with arsenal and tottenham .  reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at west ham .
derek skyler brux , 22 , pleaded guilty in january for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high - speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country .  brux then crashed into an inactive union pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again .  he must also pay $ 63 , 000 in restitution to rail link , his employer .
mick schumacher made his official pre - season test debut with van amersfoort .  the 16 - year - old , son of seven - time f1 world champion michael , drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit in germany .  mick ' s father michael has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 .
andrea mcveigh , 44 , was sent crashing face - first into the concrete in bermondsey , south london .  the social media manager suffered two three - inch gashes to the middle of her forehead , as well as other facial and hand injuries .  met police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to .
kit symons admitted his side were second best in the championship .  the yorkshire side were out - played for large parts of the season .  fulham were unable to push on for the winner after matt derbyshire ' s early opener against brighton earlier this month .  the millers will find themselves lumped with a three - point deduction .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
social media expert sarah - jane kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web .  it is amazing how many parents leave on their instagram location settings .  ms kuritini : ' i think people just have this inbuilt need to share ' .  the only way to be 100 per cent sure that you don ' t have a digital footprint is not to have any digital footprint .
celtic want to keep jason denayer on loan for another season .  but hearts captain danny wilson is another defensive target .  ronny deila will ask manchester city if he can keep him on loan .
map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side .  will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe .
the patient - known only as alex s - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in munich , germany , and was charged 2 , 000 euros ( 1 , 435 ) he believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and also cure his schizophrenia .  the dentist claimed to be a ' recognised healer ' and said he helped the ' spiritual self - healing capabilities of his patients ' .
dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy .  charity medical detection dogs found 93 per cent reliability rate .  prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk with more than 40 , 000 new cases diagnosed every year .
a 32 - year - old man has been charged with grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture .  the victim was taken to hospital with burns to 15 per cent of his body .  police claim the offences took place between march 20 and march 27 .
jason rezaian , who is the washington post ' s tehran bureau chief , has been detained in iran for eight months .  iranian officials announced in january that rezaian would stand trial before the country ' s revolutionary court to face ' security charges ' .  rezaian was also linked to omid memarian , a us - based iranian opposition journalist , in the report .
danny ings is a target for manchester united and liverpool .  the burnley striker ' s future has been the subject of speculation .  ings has scored nine premier league goals during his debut season .
the 22 - year - old model ' s kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two - week coding course she took last year .  karlie is donating $ 20 , 000 of her own money for the classes , which cost $ 2 , 000 per student , while the flatiron school has offered to match her contribution .
chris tremlett has backed his surrey team - mate kevin pietersen to make an international comeback .  the 34 - year - old is determined to restart his test career after he was sacked in february 2014 .  pietersen cancelled his indian premier league contract in order to play domestic cricket for surrey .
eli and silas keslar died after falling into a canal in yuma , arizona .  the 18 - month - old boys are believed to have fallen in the water at 9 . 45am on friday .  they were flown by a u . s . marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital , where they were pronounced dead .  authorities have not yet officially identified the victims , but say foul play is not suspected .  fund to cover memorial and medical costs has already raised over $ 10 , 000 .
some of the 39 criminals have been awol from ford open prison for as long as 10 years , according to information only now released by the ministry of justice .  one of the escapees is violent killer robert donovan , 57 , who was convicted of stabbing a west end theatre manager to death in 1996 .  murderer derek passmore , who beat to death a disabled man in 1996 , is still at large after failing to return from day release in june 2013 .
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad .  paceman matt henry has been called up to the test squad for the first time .  james neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury .
paul gregory , 51 , of bedford , claimed he could only walk 200 metres when he applied to renew his blue badge , claiming he was a keen walker .  he was exposed when bedford borough council staff read an article about his exploits on a 191 - mile hike in 2012 .  gregory was fined 795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work .  council said it was one of the ' most outrageous cases ' of blue badge fraud it had investigated .
manchester united beat aston villa 3 - 1 at old trafford on saturday .  ander herrera opened the scoring before half time .  wayne rooney made it two after the interval .
state pensions would be increased by more than 60 a week , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent .  party also pledged to pump an extra 12billion a year into the nhs from day one , introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways .  but its election manifesto also revealed a host of left - field pledges - including a ' complete ban ' on cages for hens and rabbits .
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour .  one man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit , including blue ones with scissor stamps on them .  three men and a woman were hospitalised last november after taking the pills .  police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel .  two men , 21 and 22 , were charged and will appear in court this month .
labour leader admits he cried when he and wife justine watched a dvd .  he said he used to use an iphone , but gave it up for a blackberry because he spent too much time reading tweets and political commentary .  mr miliband was asked about jeremy paxman ' s description of him as a ' north london geek ' .
thousands of blue jellyfish - like creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon , california and washington .  they are not technically jellyfish , but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose .  experts at oregon state university have warned against walking barefoot through them because they contain a mild neurotoxin .
matt scott has been ruled out until at least the end of the season .  the 25 - times - capped centre is now a doubt for september ' s world cup .  he has played a major role in edinburgh ' s run to the european challenge cup semi - final where they play newport gwent dragons at bt murrayfield on friday .  edinburgh are short of cover in the centre positions and will rely on new zealander phil burleigh and south african andries strauss .
one in ten cardholders , or an estimated 800 , 000 australians , also admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument with a partner . 17 per cent of gen y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases .  one in three don  t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase per month .
bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter - final .  pep guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the top three centre backs in world football .  bastian schweinsteiger , franck ribery , david alaba , javi martinez and tom starke are also ruled out .
edwin ' jock ' mee is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working as a recruitment sergeant .  the 18 - year - old , from sierra leone , told her visa application had been delayed to persuade her to have sex with him .  one woman said she saw mee as a father figure after he helped her join the army .
australia ' s civil aviation safety authority has placed higher safety restrictions on thai airways .  thai airways is the only thai airline that regularly operates in australia .  china , south korea and japan have all banned new charter flights .
helen boddy , 54 , aqua - planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute .  william kulk , 8 , died on sunday morning , hours after the accident .  piper ' s brother william , 9 , died in hospital on sunday evening .  more than $ 32 , 000 has been raised online to help the devastated family .  a gofundme page was set up to cover the cost of their funerals .
geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $ 12 million on his albert park dream home in may last year .  he accepted the hefty offer for his four - bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday .  buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer .
snp leader nicola sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re - run .  opponents claim she ' broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' on a referendum .  in september ' s vote , 55 per cent of scots backed the idea of remaining in the united kingdom .  alex salmond said the vote was an ' opportunity of a lifetime ' .
dr jim penman claims britons have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the victorian era as we enjoy a more comfortable standard of living .  he has drawn a parallel between modern - day britain and 100bc in rome - when the city was at its most powerful as it captured more land overseas and greater wealth poured into the centre .  dr penman made the claims in his book ' biohistory : decline and fall of the west ' .
ronald koeman believes southampton must win their last six games .  saints are five points behind man city in the champions league .  saints travel to the etihad stadium on the final day of the season .
raheem sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new deal at liverpool .  the 20 - year - old wideman has managed just six goals this season .  sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed last season .
bayern munich beat porto 7 - 4 on aggregate to reach champions league last four .  pep guardiola ' s side lost 3 - 1 to porto in first leg of semi - final in portugal .  spaniard was with his back to the wall after their defeat in portugal last week .
roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali .  she shared a photo of the ring on facebook in the hope of finding its owner .  the ring has been engraved with the heartfelt message : ' darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny ' .
the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for the north american aerospace command ( norad ) in 2002 .  it was home to more than 1 , 000 personnel and is able to operate as an underground town for months with fresh water and food .
drug firm glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from the european medicines agency for the rts , s vaccine .  tests were carried out on 15 , 500 toddlers and babies in sub - saharan africa .  scientists have worked on the vaccine for more than 20 years  at a cost of more than 330million , but experts say there is a long way to go .
native reds have been almost wiped out in the country , except for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from america in the 19th century .  experts say a lack of habitat caused them to disappear from the area - and some have even been spotted in the town centre .
kyli wilfson , 29 , was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis in october 2012 .  she had trouble getting a correct diagnosis when she was 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain  which made her feel like she had been ' kicked in the abdomen ' whenever she ate .  doctors brushed off her pain as being due to a mild pancreatic problem which would  resolve itself  in a matter of days she had dropped to 80lbs .
brock guzman , 8 , was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla .  police said a hapless thief likely stole the car after the boy ' s father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home .
sir vivian richards believes james anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham .  anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday when england take on the west indies .  four wickets in the game would take him past botham ' s national record of 383 test wickets .
a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand .  in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion .  ritchies coachlines boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ' idiot ' driver ' s actions .
fraser forster suffered a knee injury in southampton ' s 2 - 0 win over burnley .  the england goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will be out for several months .  ronald koeman would not be drawn on whether an additional keeper must be signed in the summer .
queen margrethe was joined by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children .  also on the balcony was prince henrik , four - year - old joachim , 45 , his french wife princess marie , 45 .
b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15 , 000 people .  the second firm  data bubble  supplied our team with health details on 3 , 000 patients  including whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems . the direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims they had breached the rules on the sale of private data .
some 3 . 7 million of the short - fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home .  they were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married , according to the study .  also discovered that despite some struggling with ' impulsive ' behavior , this was not picked up on background checks that could restrict their ownership .
joe gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the country .  the england under - 19 defender is valued at 8m by the championship team .  manchester city and arsenal are looking for young english players .
imran uddin , 25 , bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet .  through the software , he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to their accounts himself .  he then changed the marks that he had been given for previous assessments .  he was jailed for four months at birmingham crown court on thursday .
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be .  the england youngster started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004 .  owen feels that sterling is in a great place to develop , having done the same during his time at anfield .  chelsea , arsenal and manchester city are all said to be interested in the hottest property in english football .
sam smith , 22 , has dropped three stone by following a dairy - free , low - carb and low sugar diet .  the london - born artist has been replaced with a new body confident sam .  nutritionist amelia freer has ' transformed ' his relationship with food .
usain bolt visited a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro ' s mangueira favela on thursday .  the six - time gold - medal sprinter took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3 - point range - and made all three .  bolt is in rio to promote an event over the weekend , and spoke of his plans for the rio olympics .  there are more than 1 , 000 favelas in rio .
peter moores has been forced to defend his captain with alastair cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two tests of the series .  moores remains steadfast in his backing for cook and is adamant he will turn things round in grenada , starting on tuesday , and in barbados .  jonathan trott looked both frenetic and unconvincing on his return to the side 18 months after leaving the ashes tour .
michelle woods , 44 , was told ' something was moving ' in the bath .  her daughter elisha mann spotted the reptile in the bathroom .  ms woods believes it may belong to the property ' s previous tenant .
francis pusok , 30 , fled his southern california home on thursday after sheriff ' s deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges .  on monday , helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching and punching him more than 80 times .  he claims he was handcuffed for ' 99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear ' this isn ' t over ' .
cyril abiteboul has promised red bull that the engine problems will be resolved .  red bull owner dietrich mateschitz threatened to pull out of formula one .  renault endured a chinese grand prix to forget about a fault .
unwitting admission from five - year - old daniel to be broadcast tonight .  it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign .  mr miliband ' s eldest son tells camera the spartan kitchen is the ' best ' .
snp leader said the ' direction of travel ' was towards independence .  but david cameron warns of ' frightening ' prospect of snp holding labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in england , wales and northern ireland .  david cameron has urged people to vote tactically , to keep a labour - snp government out of power .
cara newton , 32 , was diagnosed with ewing ' s sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in april 2009 .  she had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility .  after ivf failed , the couple feared they would never become parents .
patrick and marianne charles , 78 and 74 , were without heating during blackout .  couple sat down in conservatory in eastbourne , east sussex .  conservatory quickly filled with smoke and the couple were unconscious .  maintenance work by uk power networks caused the power cut , inquest heard .
reece oxford scored for west ham ' s under 21s in their 3 - 2 defeat to manchester united on tuesday night .  the 16 - year - old has moved closer to a first - team debut for the hammers .  oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season .
dr omar saadi al - atraqchi , 42 , faces being struck off the medical register .
four - month - old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps .  footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes .  thanks to more than $ 3 , 000 in public donations , the canine was able to have the life - changing operation he needed .
social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated photos being shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade .  a large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone - strength gusts in nsw was a victim of hurricane sandy in milford , connecticut , usa .  a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the opera house was trending not once but twice .
sue sharp bought the leg of lamb from asda in midlothian , scotland .  but a stamp on the meat is from the new zealand health inspector .  mrs sharp , 57 , has refused to accept asda ' s explanation that the mistake was a one - off .
cristina coria , a stay - at - home mom with a nine - month old child , helped police nab a man accused of stealing her husband ' s truck .  when she went on facebook , she saw an ad for a blue 2003 chevy stepside bed that looked familiar .  to make it happen , the 18 - year - old got a little help from facebook .
landon carnie and his twin sister lorie were initially thought to have died .  the 41 - year - old twins were found in a paddy field more than a day after take - off .  they were later taken to their adoptive parents in the u . s . who had earlier been told they were dead .  now 41 , landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside .
emma dickson , of edinburgh , thought she would be planning her wedding .  but she ended up thinking about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital .  doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill .  it then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism .  it left her with bruises on her arms and she will now have to take blood - thinning medication for the rest of her life .
saracens no 8 billy vunipola , steffon armitage and nick abendanon have all been shortlisted for the european player of the year award .  the toulon back rower was named man - of - the - match following his side ' s 33 - 10 defeat by munster in round five .
mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , a naturalized us citizen , is accused of making false statements to the fbi about his involvement with syrian militants .  saeed was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 .
jade walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the family she loaned her beloved horse magic to had sold him at auction for just 200 .  magic ' s fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58 , 000 times on social media .  miss walters said : ' i consider him like a child , he thinks of me as his mum and he ' s been taken from me .  my heart is broken ' .
randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , ohio , created online fundraisers begging good samaritans for financial help .  they were found dead from self - inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning caused by two charcoal grills they had dragged into their bedroom .  the couple were forced to limit their food intake to a single meal a day and did not have enough scraps to feed their two cats .
vice correspondent gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country ' s booming gestational surrogacy industry .  she went undercover to meet with an agent who claimed over dinner that she could get a baby in two to three months .  doctors are encouraged to implant multiple embryos in surrogates , which can lead to the surrogate having to abort one of the fetuses or give birth to multiple babies .
precious richardson coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24 - year - old beatrice ' dee dee dee ' spence and her uncle in her 2004 white dodge durango .  coleman ' s mother , danika , ran out of the house to help her daughter , leaving unattended food cooking on the stove , which triggered a housefire .
the crash occurred at moorabin airport , near melbourne , shortly before noon on saturday .  it is believed one of the planes had issued a may - day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane , which was idling on the runway .  the three , including a man and a woman in their twenties , were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
joey essex met ukip leader nigel farage in grimsby this morning .  he said the only thing he knew was he is a ' really , really reem guy ' .  mr farage said : ' i think that ' s good .  .  .  i ' m not sure ' .  essex is speaking to the leaders of the four major political parties .
' n ' , who was just 11 when glitter stole her childhood , told how she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse .  the girl , who mailonline is not identifying , suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out , haunted by her life - changing nightmare .  n , now 21 , admitted : ' i cry out in my sleep almost every night .  i dream that it ( the abuse by glitter ) is happening again ' .
james holmes , 27 , was once a sought - after neuroscientist - in - training , but evidence shows that he was preparing for violence .  if the 12 final jurors , chosen from a pool of 9 , 000 , he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital .  if not , prosecutors will press for the death penalty over life in prison without parole .
spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 .  staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today ' s chart toppers from rihanna and sam smith .  spotify and its rivals are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners , so they can make better recommendations for them .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury during chelsea ' s 2 - 1 win over stoke city .  jose mourinho threw costa on at half - time after going into the interval .  the spain international is likely to miss matches against queens park rangers and manchester united .
snp leader insisted she would call shots in the event of a hung parliament .  she said mr miliband will ' have to reflect how people have voted ' .  snp have enjoyed a surge in popularity since september ' s referendum on independence .  but she has made clear she would act to ' lock ' the tories out of power .
bob shannon helped prepare ricky hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012 .  the 59 - year - old has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 .  shannon landed a three - fight deal to train hatton through his ill - fated comeback after guiding matthew hatton to a world title shot .
thibaut courtois is one of the world ' s best goalkeepers in recent years .  the 22 - year - old has won la liga , the copa del rey and the europa league .  courtois helped chelsea to the league cup earlier in the season .  chelsea sit seven points clear of arsenal at the top of the premier league .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
shanna mccormick , 31 , from manchester , feared she would not live to see her wedding day .  doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn ' t slim down - and fast . she managed to lose 16 . 5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle .
cui hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers .  she was knocked over by the 38 - year - old canadian woman at the great wall .  the victim ' s family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist , identified by chinese media as debra fortin .  the two sides have agreed on a compensation amount of 600 , 000 yuan (  $ 96 , 000 ) to be delivered in 15 days .
invitations to service at st paul ' s cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington ' s historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .  instead , the service will focus on the ' pan - european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .  politicians said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .
joanna flynn , 50 , charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off a patient ' s life support without permission .  it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada .  the mother of two died at the former georgian bay general hospital on march 2 , 2014 , leaving the couple ' s two young sons aged 15 and 18 .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are set to face the firing squad .  the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency .  three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results .
claudia alende , 21 , came second in last year ' s miss bumbum competition .  she launched a scathing attack on indianara carvalho , 23 , on instagram .  she said she was left ' shocked and ashamed ' by her rival ' s risque easter stunt .  ms alende said : ' it was a ridiculous thing to do , i actually feel ashamed for her ' .
georgina chapman , who is married to harvey weinstein , turned 39 on tuesday .  shared an instagram image of a bouquet of flowers he had bought for her . comes days after italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police he groped her .  weinstein could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if allegations proved true .
michelle heale of tom ' s river , new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason when he began choking on his applesauce .  when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy .  the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child .  the prosecution has argued that heale shook the child to death .
drunken group of yobs caused mayhem on jet2 flight from glasgow to alicante .  witnesses said the group drank heavily , abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing .  spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party , a man in his thirties , off the aircraft when it arrived in spain .  one passenger said : ' it was the most horrendous flight i have ever been on ' .
petra wetzel , 40 , is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine .  she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 .  petra could see pound signs in front of her eyes .
navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making 26million from illegal trades .  investigation team involving six agencies want him put on trial in new york .  but analysts are bewildered that it ' s taken this long for action to be taken .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas .  the 36 - year - old spent his early career fighting in the far east before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001 .  he has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so .
smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates on a date in the 1990s .  blu e - cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up .  don ' t be tempted to take a snap of your food for instagram - it will look like you ' re more interested in your followers than your date .
audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide .  experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ' blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel .  tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels , or used as a fuel in its own right .
jason lee , 38 , is accused of raping a 20 - year - old woman in the hamptons in august 2013 .  he told her to ' shut the f * * * up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear .  lee tried to downplay the incident and said : ' we ' re good , you can go ' .  the former goldman sachs managing director has pleaded not guilty to first - degree rape , sexual misconduct and third - degree assault charges .
more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese .  british heart foundation survey showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv .  despite regulation , children in the uk are still being exposed to more tv advertising for unhealthy food than healthy food items , even at peak children ' s viewing times .
former king juan carlos ii had a long - running affair with a german socialite .  his wife , king felipe , kept a straight face as he approached photographers .  later , felipe managed a small smile while being serenaded by student musicians .  it also claimed juan - carlos contemplated divorcing felipe ' s mother , queen sofia .
kaden lum was gunned down in bremerton , washington , on march 28 .  his mother , jalisa lum , was also killed while a neighbor was shot in the abdomen .  the kitsap sun printed the controversial cartoon on their opinion page .  it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam .  the boy ' s grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon was in ' bad taste ' .
the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like emma stone .  dr barbara kubicka says she has clients coming in each and every day asking for botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line .
joe launchbury has been out since october due to a nerve problem .  wasps lock has been sidelined since october because of a bulging disc in his neck .  the 24 - year - old is hopeful of making his comeback against leicester tigers .  if given the all - clear to face the tigers , it will be his debut at the ricoh arena on may 9 .  launchbury ' s absence has spanned nine missed tests for england , comprising of the entire autumn schedule and the recent rbs 6 nations .
charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air - traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month .  easyjet is france  s second - largest airline and cancelled 588 flights over the two days .  association of european airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged .
richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho , the second king of hawaii .  the yacht was 83 - feet - long and considered the first luxury ocean - going yacht in the united states when it sunk just off kauai in april 1824 .
zlatan ibrahimovic and his psg team - mates face barcelona on tuesday night .  ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against chelsea .  the sweden international has played for ajax , juventus , barcelona and both milan giants .
the crash occurred about 8am wednesday in lewiston , idaho .  the driver of the truck involved , mathew sitko , 23 , drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain - link fence .  sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries .
arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a 4 . 5million deal .  the 16 - year - old has been dubbed the next lionel messi .  romero is yet to make his senior debut for velez but has trained regularly with the first team .
the uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance , putting us outside the top ten most civilised people in the world .  despite national earnings that make us the world  s fifth richest country , living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness .
steven gerrard and phil jagielka stood shoulder - to - shoulder and paid tribute to liverpool fans who died at hillsborough .  brendan rodgers , chief executive ian ayre and the entire liverpool squad attended , along with former players including kenny dalglish , ian rush , phil thompson , robbie fowler , john aldridge and jamie carragher .  an inquest into the tragedy is ongoing .
mohammed emwazi , now known as jihadi john , was planning to join al - shabaab .  but he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members .  instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online .
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his neighbour terrence freebody .  he is also accused of cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times .  costa ' s state of mind is critical to case , as the jury can return a not guilty verdict .
the unidentified woman was closing the empty shop in the eastern province of shandong , china .  she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet .  she used her martial arts skills to overpower the would - be rapist and pin him to the ground .
clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of astana .  captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  video has been viewed more than 50 , 000 times since being uploaded to youtube .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 - 1 at selhurst park on monday night .  jason puncheon appeared to be struck by a maoam sweet during the second half .  the 28 - year - old scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the eagles .
higher doses of vitamin e , found in foods such as kale and almonds , can mitigate the stress on immune cells .  one sub - class of these cells , the cd8 + t cells , eliminate the virus by killing cells it has infected .  a week can pass before these cells cells start to take their toll on a virus .  this immune response does not work if significant oxidative stress is damaging the t cells and depriving the body of the tools it needs to repair .
heidi bretscher , 28 , was leading the rock n ' roll raleigh marathon that took place earlier this month .
elena klimova , 26 , runs children 404 - an online support group for lgbt teenagers .  the russian activist receives hate mail from strangers telling her she ' s ' disgusting ' and should kill herself .  the group , children 404 , is a reference to the ' page not found ' online error notice and russia ' s law banning ' gay propaganda ' among minors .
chancey allen luna , 17 , was found guilty of first - degree murder in the shooting death of christopher lane , who was out for a jog .  the jury recommended that luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole .  luna ' s lawyer contended that the teen meant only to scare lane when he shot at him from a moving car .
wolfsburg beat freiburg 1 - 0 to advance to the german cup semi - finals .  ricardo rodriguez scored the winner from the penalty spot - kick .  holders bayern munich play bayer leverkusen in the final four .
jermain defoe scored a stunning volley in sunderland ' s 1 - 0 win .  john carver admitted he was ' embarrassed ' by newcastle ' s capitulation .  the black cats are three points clear of the premier league relegation zone .
researcher dr zheng - xiang li travelled to nepal to study how the indian and eurasian plates are moving together .  in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called amasia .  in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the north pole .  the indian plate is continuing to move north at a few centimetres per year - causing tectonic activity .
andrew hutchinson raped two patients while under general anaesthetic .  the 29 - year - old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month .  he was taken into custody at oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week .
photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren , great - grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the anzac armed forces who landed in gallipoli in 1915 .  among the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the australian imperial force .  black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams .
chloe valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three - day period in january 2012 .  her grandmother , ashlee polkinghorne , and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe ' s manslaughter through criminal neglect .  the coroner found social workers ' flagrantly disregarded ' their legal responsibilities to seize children from neglectful parents .
mark lowe , 32 , is currently serving a five - year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death after he tried to stab him during a drink - fuelled day of fighting at his mum ' s house .  but prosecutors accepted a manslaughter plea ' on the basis of a loss of control
robert penny has been charged with the murder of two women in victoria nearly 24 years ago .  the 83 - year - old , of malvern east , has spoken out since he briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday .  margaret penny was murdered in a hair salon in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 .
willa junior , who appears to be in his early 20s , fell asleep in the cargo hold of an alaska airlines flight on april 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him .  but the person who answered the call at the office thought it was a prank call and just hung up , junior was on his own .  he says it used to be common practice : ' i mean when i first started the job , we took naps ' .
sky and bt sports pay 16million a year for live coverage of scottish football .  the bbc charges the same flat rate licence tax to viewers in london and manchester as it does to show a recorded documentary on bob paisley .  hibernian and falkirk fans will be asked to travel to glasgow for a scottish cup semi - final which kicks off at 12 . 15pm .
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the favourite for the french open .  nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the barcelona open .  world no 1 novak djokovic is 30 - 2 so far this season .
workers at the foot of the eiffel tower have walked out in support of the unions strike against the government ' s austerity measures .  the strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two - day walkout starting yesterday .  there are an average 25 , 000 ascents at the tower every day , and at 15 . 50 ( 11 . 25 ) a ticket , the closure will cost paris tourism almost 387 , 500 ( 280 , 000 )
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton .  she was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday .  police have launched a state - wide search for the high school teacher .
colin kay was driving his citroen picasso on the a586 in great eccleston , lancashire .  the 72 - year - old was left with bruises and his wife krysia suffered a whiplash injury .  mr kay has now taken his case to the ipcc after the investigating officer went off sick .
maria sidorova and lidia fetisova pictured with giant brown bear . organisers wanted to highlight importance of living ' side - by - side ' with bears .  but in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat .
hengshui no 2 middle school is an ' exemplary school ' in hebei province .  two pupils plunged to death , one in october and one in march .  causes of the two suicides were not officially reported by chinese media .
former middleweight world champion carl froch jr was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara .  froch has not fought since knocking out george groves in a re - match last may .  the 37 - year - old has said he may retire if that fight does not come to fruition .
floyd mayweather ' s fight against manny pacquiao will cost us $ 89 . 95 ( 60 . 70 ) us viewers will have to pay up to $ 100 ( 67 . 48 ) if they want to watch the fight in the states .  the fight is expected to break the pay - per - view record of $ 152million set by that fight in 2013 .  it will be shown on sky box office at a cost of 19 . 95 .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv ' s this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed tourette ' s syndrome - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf .  but in the middle of the pre - recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out ' silver fox ' at phillip , 53 .  she was involuntarily yelling swear words and racial insults and began lashing out with kicks and punches .
emma louise connolly models ann summers ' first bridal wear lingerie .  the underwear and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude .  items are available in sizes 8 - 12 and 32a - 38dd .
vestiaire collective has put a hermes birkin bag on sale for 140 , 000 .  the made - to - measure pink croc hermes bag comes embellished with rubies .  the rare tote is so exclusive that it can ' t even be brought in store .
dagenham midfielder joss labadie has been banned for six months .  the 24 - year - old was found guilty of a biting offence last month .  he was accused of sinking his teeth into the hand of ronnie henry .
a guard at the u . s . census bureau was shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in suitland , maryland , a suburb of washington , d . c . authorities locked down the campus just before 8pm thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside .  now police believe the shooter may even be tied to another shooting that occurred thursday in the southeast quadrant of the city .
ian bell says he never expected england to win the series without a struggle .  outgoing yorkshire chairman colin graves upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts ' mediocre ' and promised ' some inquiries ' if england did not win .  the west indies hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in antigua last week .  prospect of a similar deck in grenada on tuesday means fulfilling graves ' expectations could be a tough task .
hein verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci .  the independent commission for reform in cycling ' s ( circ ) report concluded that the uci had colluded with armstrong to cover up allegations the seven - times tour de france winner had doped .  he also rejected a call from uci president brian cookson to resign his honorary presidency .
by 2030 up to 170 million hectares ( 420 million acres ) of forest could be lost in just 11 hotspots , including the amazon and eastern australia .  the areas are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers .
jacob tomsky , author of heads in beds : a reckless memoir of hotels , shares his tales from two top hotels in new orleans and new york city .  the minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel , full of items ' sold at an absurd mark - up ' .
ronda rousey wants to return to the wwe after taking down co - owner stephanie mcmahon .  rousey made her first in - ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77 , 000 people in levi ' s stadium in california .  the ufc women ' s bantamweight champion appeared with fast and furious 7 co - star the rock .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person ' s instagram feed .  the firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile .  tinder also used facebook to boost its ' mutual friends ' feature .
dr sahar hussain , 53 , panicked when she was unable to get through the gates .  she denied assaulting the two workers at leicester square station .  but she has now been found guilty and ordered to pay 2 , 250 in fines .  she could face disciplinary action from the general medical council .
boca juniors beat palestino 2 - 0 to finish group five in copa libertadores .  leandro marin scored another late goal in injury time for argentinian side .  river plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3 - 0 victory over san jose .  corinthians made sure of top spot in group two following goalless draw .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united this summer .  united are monitoring the uruguayan striker ' s situation at paris saint - germain .  cavani ' s agent claudio anelucci says a stint in the premier league is most likely in the current climate .
the 18 - year - old goes by the name of dark .  cyanide and scales some of the city ' s tallest buildings in search of the perfect view .  many of the images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers .  he describes himself as an ' urban historian ' and says he likes photographing new york because it is huge and constantly changing .
izzat ibrahim al - douri had died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province , north of baghdad .  he was one of saddam ' s most trusted henchmen , helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup .
australian weather presenter and model nicky buckley received hate mail from viewers ' grossed out ' by her appearance on their screens .  the six - months pregnant meteorologist said her ' front end looks like a brick s * * * house ' .  buckley wore sexy dresses that revealed her bump , shocking tv audiences , and hit back in magazine interviews saying she refused to bend to critics .  ' i wasn ' t out to raise the flag or cause a stir , i simply wanted to work , ' she said .
david alaba posted a video on his instagram of the cast being removed .  the austrian has been out of action since his knee ligament damage .  bayern face porto in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday .  click here for all the latest bayern munich news .
fenerbahce ' s team bus came under armed attack on saturday night .  two suspects were detained early on tuesday and one is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus .  decision to suspend football in turkey affects next weekend ' s super lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter - finals .  sports minister akif cagatay kilic said the attack was a ' cowardly and treacherous attack ' .
german discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession .  it now lags behind only the ' big four '  tesco , asda , sainsbury  s , morrisons  and the co - operative .
caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll .  the danish ace participated in this year ' s themed # gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people .  the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live ! with kelly and michael .
glenn murray scored a hat - trick against manchester city at selhurst park .  the cumbrian scored his fifth goal in his last five games .  murray now boasts the fifth - best goals - per - minute ratio in europe ' s top five leagues .
rickie fowler ' s girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week .  the photo was shared with her 25 , 000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ' fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a ' gold digger ' .  fowler responded to the troll that he ' might want to get your facts straight ' .
the incident took place in the sky over russia ' s dmitrov district .  the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket plummets .  the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises .
the 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , near godshill .  it is made entirely from timber imported from norway .  its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere .  a four - bedroom detached mansion with a huge garden in the new forest town of holbury is also for sale for 350 , 000 .
blunder believed to have been caused by race marshal taking a toilet break .  300 runners should have been directed at a junction point instead .  instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres .  bournemouth borough council has appealed for those affected by the mix - up to contact them for a ' gesture of goodwill ' .
maurice thibaux stormed onto the catwalk at sydney ' s carriageworks .  the 67 - year - old said the noise was ' similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head ' .  the french native said he had no problem with the music but the rumble accompanied it .
tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland ' s speed - camera laws .  mr morris says he wasn ' t driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km / h in a 50km - h zone last year .  he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 .  car owners can ' t , under the law , say they know who the driver was but refuse to give a name .  the case will go to the court of appeal within weeks .
david pocock scored a hat - trick of tries for australian super rugby team .  miranda devine tweeted : ' did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ? ! ! ! ' .  devine apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement .
ashbrittle yew has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy .  its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off .  locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves .
teresa swarbrick died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw .  the mother of two , from western sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water .  lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr .
authorities near flagstaff , arizona , have found fleas infected with plague .  the plague , which famously killed millions of europeans in the 1300s , causes pustules on the skin and is still contracted by 2 , 000 people a year .  the vast majority of cases are in sub - saharan africa and madagascar .
paul smith is in line to take on andre ward on june 20 .  the liverpool super - middleweight fight will run over the 12 - round distance .  smith has lost his last two world title challenges to arthur abraham .
military leaders in norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour ' s presence on its ' strategically important ' coastline .  three russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway which was once a heavily guarded military facility .  in february , raf planes intercepted two russian bombers which had flown into irish territory and forced a passenger jet to divert its course .  norway ' s former vice admiral said shutting down the base was ' pure madness ' while other critics say their submarines have to travel hundreds of extra miles .
sydney ' s dan churchill was a guest star alongside blake lively on good morning australia ( gma ) on tuesday .  the 25 - year - old admitted he crushes more on hubby ryan reynolds .  churchill was told it was time to do the teaser with blake and i was like , ' wow ! this doesn ' t happen every day ' at that moment .  ' i will do my best to honour every little boys dream tomorrow , ' churchill said .
odds on the new royal baby ' s date of birth have been hotting up .  majority of punters are convinced that the duchess will give birth to a girl .  the 18th , 19th and 20th april is the most popular choices .
manny pacquiao joked about fighting floyd mayweather in a new advert .  the filipino joked in an advert back in november about fighting mayweather .  the 41 - second advert was released before an agreement was reached .
the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles .  two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died .  firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water has been hailed a hero on the facebook page of city councilman joe buscaino .
amanda berry and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro .  the brave survivors have written a book , hope : a memoir of survival in cleveland , which will be released on april 27 .
former top gear presenter joked he was ' trawling the job centre ' .  he said : ' in the olden days when i used to work for bbc , i couldn ' t say s * * * ' .  hundreds of fans paid 15 a ticket to watch chipping auction .
manchester city star have met up with more than 100 local schoolchildren for the unveiling of a 64metre mural .  the mural was inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives .  women ' s players lucy bronze and emma lipman and mathias bossaerts and kelechi iheanacho from the elite development squad are also at the centre of the design .
the cubs , born march 11 , were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg .  from the same litter , the two cubs  one black and one spotty  are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock .  jaguars are solitary animals and only see each other while mating , so zoo keepers intend on keeping rock in a separate enclosure .
boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384 - sq - ft , four - room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit .  over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise .  last tuesday , a district judge did not sign an order to stop the demolition .
abby swinfield was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital . 18 - year - old was taken to good hope hospital in sutton coldfield , west midlands .  she was placed in a coma , but died a week later from multiple organ failure .  police have arrested one girl for supplying the drug mephedrone .
asda was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of little angels 2 newborn soothers 0 + months after a customer complaint on facebook . complainant said the teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies , although the baby was unharmed .  asda said the recall was a ' precaution ' and no other asda customers have been asked to dispose of the products or return them to an asda store .
from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed .  airbus claims a rearrange of the cabin has enabled it to maintain this width and squeeze in the extra seat .  some critics have gone as far as calling the new set - up ' economy minus ' .
martinhal is the only five - star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach .  the high - end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as being one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday .  couples can overlook the ocean , read the papers , feast on fresh orange juice , and enjoy a classy breakfast .
president milos zeman has been criticised by u . s . ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual victory day parade in moscow .  zeman said he is no longer welcome in the prague castle , the seat of presidency .  prime minister bohuslav sobotka said zeman ' s reaction was ' not adequate ' .
the 4 , 180 - passenger anthem of the seas is set to welcome more than 80 , 000 people on board this summer .  passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips , which can be pressed against various sensors .  anthem ' s 18 restaurants include a hotdog - filled food truck and a johnny rockets american diner .
kathleen bailey , 70 , a church elder and avid charity fundraiser , was given power of attorney over her dying friend ' s finances .  but she helped herself to at least 1 , 500 and used the money to finance trips to north wales .  bailey later became a carer for her victim , who was battling breast cancer and had no children .  she was handed a suspended jail sentence after admitting a charge of theft .
the 500ft - long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk .  defence sources said the submarine ' s weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
north charleston police officer michael slager can ' t be executed for shooting derad 50 - year - old walter scott in the back .  dash cam footage shows slager discharging a taser into a black man being held down by two fellow officers .  the two officers , including slager , don ' t explain and demand that he get out of the car .  slager is facing an accusation of murder - but won ' t face the death penalty .
victoria ' s secret unveiled campaign slogan ' the perfect body ' last year .  more than 27 , 000 people signed a change . com petition asking for an apology .  the d + label says its image is ' empowering ' , especially with the widespread call for real models .  the winner becomes the face and body of curvy kate , and gets a year - long modelling contract with bridge models limited , a trip to the mediterranean and 1 , 000 spending money .
the death toll has crept up to 2 , 500 people across four countries .  experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of the disaster .  a 7 . 8 magnitude earthquake could kill 10 to 30 per one million residents in california , but has killed at least 1 , 900 .
floyd mayweather adds a 2016 mercedes - maybach s600 to his collection .  the american takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .  mayweather is expected to get 120million for the fight .
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18 , 000 comments in just 24 hours .  femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ' orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories and ' mazen ' .
nicolas hamilton is set to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship .  the 30 - year - old suffers from cerebral palsy .  hamilton finished ahead of kimi raikkonen and nico rosberg in the gulf kingdom .
tulip siddiq , a former aide to ed miliband , is standing for labour in hampstead .  she was at the kremlin with her aunt , the hardline leader of bangladesh .  tories claim she appears to have gone to great lengths to cover up her trip .
takako konishi , 28 , was found dead in a mini - skirt and high - heeled boots in the frozen wastes of minnesota .  she froze to death searching for the $ 1m stash buried in the snow by steve buscemi ' s character in the 1996 coen brothers ' fictional 1996 film .  it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from tokyo who could not speak english .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
' rogue ' , sun - less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra - terrestrials .  this is according to sean raymond , an astrophysicist with the laboratoire d ' astrophysique de bordeaux in france .
xana doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the toyota avensis which flipped and landed on its roof in the early hours of the morning in newport , south wales .  driver sakhawat ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink - drive limit and had been taking class a and b drugs before getting behind the wheel .  ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking when he appeared at cardiff crown court yesterday .
johanna powell , 37 , was reported missing on saturday after a boat she was in hit a rock and sank in the mekong river .  the 37 - year - old is feared to have drowned while on holiday in laos .  rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her , in one of the most isolated parts of the country .
labour leader said a second independence poll ' ain ' t going to happen ' .  john major said the snp were ' determined to prise apart the united kingdom ' .  former foreign secretary william hague said snp ' merely waiting for a good excuse ' to put separation back on the agenda .
investigation came after ms sturgeon claimed she was the victim of whitehall ' dirty tricks ' .  row followed an allegation she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer a tory general election victory .  scottish first minister yesterday branded the report as  100 per cent untrue  and stressed french officials had also denied the account .
wayne rooney was replaced by robin van persie in the 88th minute .  the england international was seen receiving treatment on the bench .  louis van gaal said it was too early to know the severity of the injury .
charlie austin has revealed how his good mate joey barton ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers .  qpr take on west brom on saturday before travelling to aston villa .
courtney brain , 16 , was taken out of school when she visited gp for treatment .  but she was stunned upon her return to class in lincolnshire to be told she must make up the missed time for the ' unauthorised absence ' .  her mother jane burnham , 50 , criticised the ' mind - boggling ' decision .
connor sullivan , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours .  police and volunteers searched for the 17 - year - old , who said he slept under the bleachers every night .  sullivan said that he slept every night under the trees at the school near apple ' s headquarters .
hayley okines was part of a documentary about her premature ageing .  she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate .  there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who don  t , researchers claim .  courtney blackwell , at northwestern university in the us , found kindergarten children who shared ipads significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no ipads or in which each student had their own device .  shared ipad students scored around 30 points higher than students who used the device on their own and non - ipad users .
marouane fellaini was given a specific tactical brief to stifle the threat of fellain .  the manchester united boss was told by a hotel doorman that the belgian was not playing by the doorman .  mourinho said his side were confused as to whether the belgian midfielder was playing .  chelsea won 1 - 0 at stamford bridge to move within two wins of the premier league title .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
queen ' s guard was left red - faced after he slipped on a manhole cover .  he lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle .  holidaymaker david meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside buckingham palace on thursday afternoon .
joey barton believes his side have a ' hell of a chance ' of staying up .  the queens park rangers midfielder captained his side to a 4 - 1 away win .  qpr are just a point behind aston villa , who they travel to on tuesday .
marland yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop .  the 22 - year - old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn .  gloucester moved 18 - 11 clear through a charlie sharples try with half an hour remaining to suggest their eighth win of the season was imminent .
mohamed soltan , 27 , was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military - backed government in july 2013 .  he has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months .  his father was a member of the muslim brotherhood and served in the morsi administration .  the us embassy in cairo said it was ' gravely concerned ' about soltan .
the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat .  it could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with strong venom existed millions of years ago .  the instinct could mean that arachnophobia , one of the most crippling of phobias , represents a finely tuned survival instinct .
amie cox , 33 , of victoria made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son alex , 5 , over her older boy william , 7 .  she said the special bond is caused by his ' special smell ' and sniffs him ' all the time ' .  ms cox says she has been attacked and called ' a freak ' but that she is ' a normal loving mum ' .
vietnamese woman was waiting to board at tan son nhat international airport .  nguyen thi hang , 35 , placed her luggage on the scales , and then lashed out .  the scales showed the luggage did indeed weigh more than the 7kg permitted .  the woman has been fined vnd7 . 5 million , which roughly equates to 240 .
figures from the catholic church show number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .  she is now living in their house in willesden , north london , while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience .
barry lyttle , 33 , pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm in sydney ' s inner - city on january 3 .  his brother patrick , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma .  the irishman could learn his fate as soon as thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing .  the hearing is expected to include cctv footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist john braithwaite .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace at the etihad on monday night .  gary neville said the champions have a ' mentality problem ' .  the former manchester united and england defender said they have ' got to be able to come back again and show the same hunger ' .
trevor noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday .  jerry seinfeld , larry david and matthew broadrick were also present .  the south african comedian was accused of anti - semitism last month .
the flashgap app is free for ios and android devices .  photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event .  all attendees of the event can see this album , and users can only delete photos they took themselves .  any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts .
christian benteke scored hat - trick as aston villa beat qpr 3 - 3 .  eden hazard has struck 12 times in the premier league to help jose mourinho ' s men to the top of the table .  manchester city ' s diego costa and manchester city playmaker david silva have also netted 12 goals this season .
san antonio spurs beat los angeles clippers 100 - 73 in game 3 on friday .  kawhi leonard scored 32 points as spurs took a 2 - 1 lead in first - round series .  james harden and dwight howard set personal play - off bests in points and rebounds respectively .  houston rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with victory in dallas .
new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert .  160 people have been hospitalized in the nine days after using the drug .  the cannabinoid , also known as ' k2 ' or ' mojo , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over - the - counter as incense or potpourri .  the same problem is occurring all over the u . s . critically ill .
16 - month - old noah ginesi from penrith reached out for a hug with prince charles .  charles was visiting the rheged centre in cumbria where he was meeting farmers and charity staff .  the prince was making his first stop on a day - long tour of cumbria with rural communities topping his agenda .
javier hernandez will leave real madrid at the end of the season .  manchester united and real madrid agreed a potential deal last season .  the 26 - year - old is wanted by a host of premier league clubs .  cristiano ronaldo , karim benzema and gareth bale are among clubs interested .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
the whole damn farm , which costs 13 . 50 , is the creation of sam longhurst , head chef of splendid kitchen , manchester .  he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat .  with a meat equivalent of six big macs the burger was created after a customer presented with the restaurant ' s ' cow & chicken ' burger .
randy lerner missed aston villa ' s 2 - 1 win over liverpool at wembley .  the american owner is expected to make the fa cup final against arsenal .  villa chief executive tom fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club .
planners in windsor have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart .  the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch .  there will be two costas just a brisk five - minute walk apart , plus the costa express at a petrol station between them .
fiona cullum , 25 , provided a safe haven for hassan hussain and yassin james .  they were hunted by police for gunning down sabrina moss in the street .  cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder in kilburn , north west london .  miss moss ' friend sabrina gachette , then 24 , was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn - off shotgun .
andrew o ' clee , 36 , may have been on prowl for wife number three after dating profile was discovered on dating site .  he led a double life , duping his first wife , michelle , 39 , into believing he needed to spend periods away from family home in a ' safe house ' because he was involved in a serious fraud trial .  profile describes ' adventurer ' who is ' looking for a relationship ' .
mary kay letourneau , vili fualaau , and their two children , audrey and georgia , sat down for an exclusive interview with barbara walters on 20 / 20 .  the interview will air on abc friday at 10pm .
sergeant edwin mee , 46 , denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration .  he is said to have abused his position of power while interviewing applicants by raping and molesting 11 young women who wanted to join the forces .  the alleged victims , who were desperate for jobs , were often new to the country and unaware of their rights , southwark crown court heard .
agnieszka radwanska is the latest top seed to bow out of the porsche grand prix in stuttgart .  the world no 9 dumped out sara errani 7 - 6 ( 8 / 6 ) 6 - 4 on wednesday .  errani will now take on kazakhstan ' s zarina diyas in the second round .
rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook .  he had experienced a sharp decline in mobility in recent weeks , an issue stemming from a 25 - year - old injury to his left front leg .  the elephant ' s 32nd birthday would have taken place on wednesday .
earlier this month france passed a new law banning models from walking the runway if their body mass index is too low .  models are reportedly going to extreme measures to ensure they clock in at a ' healthy ' weight .  former model jennifer sky , 38 , from brooklyn , new york , has revealed that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations .  the pressure is on for agencies who can face a up to $ 80 , 000 and six months in prison for employing too - thin models .
jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs .  while on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide - eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
police charged 34 - year - old paul johnson - yarosevich of acton , maine , with prohibited use of computer .  the investigation started in december after the father of a pre - teen girl told police about the contact .
liverpool lost 1 - 0 to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final at wembley .  mario balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside .  brendan rodgers admitted he was left frustrated by the decision .
china ' s navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens .  they included 176 people from pakistan with the remainder from ethiopia , singapore , italy , germany , poland and yemen .  it came the same day saudi - led war planes made a weapons drop in aden .
the new 2 . 0 tfsi s line quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6 . 1 .
suzanne adams ' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy .  hospital staff failed to carry out a caesarean section or properly monitor her .  james , now 12 , cannot speak , dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair .  he will be dependent on others to ensure him carry out the most routine daily tasks for the rest of his life .  the high court ruled that united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust must pay in excess of 14 . 6 million for birth injuries .
harold henthorn was charged with the murder of toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife , lynn rishell , some 20 years earlier .  the 59 - year - old was the sole beneficiary of the women ' s life insurance policies totalling $ 500 , 000 in the case of his second wife and $ 4 . 5million in his case .
john terry has never had pace but he is not a problem as he reads the game so well .  chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season .  dame n ' doye has done well since joining from lokomotiv moscow .
janek zylinski , son of polish war hero who fought nazis in 1939 , posted challenge online after declaring he had ' had enough ' of ukip leader .  he said : ' i ' d like us to meet in hyde park one morning , with our swords , and resolve this matter ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
turkish airlines flight from milan to istanbul made an emergency landing .  its engine caught fire and passengers were evacuated safely .  it ' s the latest in a series of such incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights .
one - year - old malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around 4 . 30pm thursday .  the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire , but police did not give details on what they believe led to the shooting .  the girl ' s uncle , edmond mcneil , called for end of violence in seattle .
undersheriff tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff ' s office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates , 73 .  bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 73 , after he was tackled to the ground .  video of the killing shows bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident , and apologizing .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals .  employees were paid $ 100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies .  the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company ' s california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations .
feyenoord winger tonny vilhena is keen to quit the club this summer .  ronald koeman made enquiries for the 20 - year - old in january .  the saints are also monitoring his team - mate jordy clasie .
the canal and river trust in bath have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed as well as six vehicles , one of which dating back over 40 years .  divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions , including mopeds , on to the riverbank .  it came after the abandoned cars and other objects were identified by the environment agency during a recent survey of flood defences in bath .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrash granada 9 - 1 .  the portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world .  ronaldo tweeted on twitter that he is ' good for your body and your mind ! ' .
milinda gunasekera was flying from auckland airport to perth .  the 32 - year - old was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill offences carrying a maximum of seven years in jail .
scottish first minister talked up chances of being westminster ' s king - maker .  snp wants to end the tory - lib dem austerity programme .  but vote - by - vote arrangement remains on the table .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women ' s under 19 championship qualifier to be replayed following a refereeing error .  england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute of the match against norway in the asian zone fourth round play - off first leg in manama .  uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg meant that bahrain qualified .
chelsea beat man united 1 - 0 at stamford bridge on saturday .  jose mourinho ' s side are the most negative side to ever win the title .  louis van gaal was frustrated with his side ' s lack of possession .
bulgarians love their traditional music .  they are so proud of the music that they sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares .
natal ' s dunas arena is being sold by owner grupo oas .  the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state - controlled oil company petrobras .  an economic downturn , government austerity and a slumping currency has also taken its toll .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract extension worth 100 , 000 a week .  the liverpool striker has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season .  brendan rodgers has criticised the player ' s agent , aidy ward .
albert davison made a fortune by landing a series of six - figure bets on his own horses .  when he died , he owned a seven - bedroom country estate in surrey .  but in 2011 , he and his second wife penny ann fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune , before she was awarded just 750 , 000 .
peter tarsey and his wife jean , both 77 , were found shot dead in their villa .  they were found covered in a green raincoat on their sofa in xalo , spain .  expat ann said she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone .  she said : ' i knew something was wrong as soon as we got there ' .  police are not ruling any lines of inquiry out , they believe the couple were murdered .
jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 , during an early - morning rally in ferguson .  all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them .  despite the warning williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the st . louis county justice center .
katie has been reported today that katie still regularly checks kieran ' s phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out .  it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as katie worries that kieran could feed into his sex addiction .  kieran famously cheated on katie with not one , but two of her best friends , jane poultney and chrissy thomas in 2014 .
bryan morseman , 29 , from bath , new york , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14 .  he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary , north carolina , the next morning because it was one the way home to new york .  leeim was born with spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby ' s spine doesn ' t form properly .
ana figueroa , 55 , has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas , 23 , died in a gas explosion on new york city ' s 2nd avenue last month .  she said that though she cries every night , those responsible for the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her .  her upper east side family , which includes nicholas ' s father nixon , and his three younger brothers , says it still ' wants justice ' .
jamie robbins stole 1 , 600 from the ' n ' save shop in birmingham .  the 35 - year - old walked into a police station earlier this year and said : ' please arrest me ' .  robbins was jailed for four - and - a - half years after pleading guilty to robbery .
apple has bought israel - based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million ( 13 . 5 million ) linx makes ' multi - aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth - sensing technology .  rather than capturing a flat 2d image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph .  this lets people refocus an image after its been captured or measure the dimensions of a room , for example .
floyd mayweather jnr has refused to respond to criticism from manny pacquiao ' s trainer freddie roach .  roach has blasted mayweather ' snr calling him a ' terrible cornerman ' .  mayweather snr stated on wednesday that he would be leaving his son to do the talking in the ring .
josh meekings will be allowed to appear in the scottish cup final .  the inverness defender was not sent off and no penalty was given .  caley thistle challenged his one - game suspension for denying celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball .  pfa chief executive fraser wishart warned before the verdict that the sfa was veering into dangerous territory .
vincent stanford , 24 , moved into a single - storey home with his mother and elder brother in leeton , in the riverina region of new south wales .  he was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult .  his identical twin brother  who moved from holland back to australia in june 2013 - settled in south australia .
wales have reached their highest ever position in the fifa world rankings .  inspired by real madrid ' s gareth bale , they were the biggest movers at the top end of the list with 153 points ahead of the april rankings .  england have climbed three places to 14 after beating lithuania in euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in italy last month .
one utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015 .  the army times saw emails where members of the 19th special forces talked about removing references to their involvement in the shoot .  ' too many soldiers don ' t see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that isn ' t in harmony with our values , ' the investigator said .
curt almond , 26 , from bristol , spent at least 40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers .  but after wiping out most of his savings , he realised it was ' bankruptcy or boxers ' .  he bought 365 pairs of new boxers - which were then thrown into the bin after just one wear .  he has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over .
theo walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of england ' s 1 - 1 draw against italy .  arsene wenger admits he is concerned by the winger ' s confidence .  walcott could face liverpool on saturday with alex oxlade - chamberlain injured and danny welbeck a doubt .
donna hussey , 32 , has been branded a ' bad mum ' by trolls on facebook .  her son freddie was killed when a trailer mounted the pavement and crushed him .  freddie , eight , died after being hit against a wall in bedminster , bristol .  a passing lorry driver tried to resuscitate freddie and paramedics arrived within minutes .  freddie ' s father scott , 37 , blasted punishment of six - month driving ban .
julie creffield , 37 , was told she was too fat to run when she completed a marathon .  she has done numerous races since , including one at the london 2012 olympic park .  now she ' s encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property .  she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown on april 17 .  owner mark conklin found her sitting in his living room of the property estimated to be worth $ 800 , 000 .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields .  he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a jaguar xk120 , which could be worth 82 , 000 .
the missouri national guard referred to ferguson protesters as ' enemy forces ' during demonstrations last year .  the guard was first activated in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out .  guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets of the suburb in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles .  many in the community accused the national guard of making an already tense situation worse .
archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2 , 000 - year - old human skulls .  they were found packed neatly into a cooking pot at the side of the historic river walbrook , in london , in 2013 .  experts questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony - but new evidence suggests they could be the remains of boudicca ' s rebels .  london crossrail confirmed the team is working up a number of theories for the latest finds .
deborah , 43 , from lanarkshire , described her naturally curly hair as a ' frizz nightmare ' .  home colouring has left it dry and out of condition .  stylist taylor gave deborah a trim , thinning out the volume and cutting in some layers .
johnny depp and amber heard touched down in brisbane tuesday morning local time .  the couple were wearing their wedding bands , although missing from amber ' s ring finger was the huge sparkler johnny gave her on their engagement .  the sighting comes just hours after people . com claimed they were ' leading separate lives ' because they hadn ' t been photographed together in public since their february 3 nuptials .
the ' very blokey joke book ' by jake harris is on sale at river island .  it contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends .  shocked twitter users branded the joke ' horrific ' and ' staggeringly offensive ' .
kathy ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' cuban kim kardashian ' by the city ' s fashion crowd .  the miami - based latina is known for strutting her stuff on the region ' s balmy beaches .  her instagram profile ' kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars .
tony lopez lozano , 35 , was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend , brian romo .  lozano pleaded guilty to first - degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and , on monday , a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison - - much to the dismay of the victim ' s mother , kathleen tapia .  ' i don ' t forgive you , and i never will , ' tapia said at the sentencing .
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion .  called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run .  the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner .  and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
alastair cook scored the runs to defeat west indies in the second test . the key to me in england going one - up was the captaincy .  cook hasn ' t scored that elusive century yet and is on top of the big two senior bowlers in anderson and stuart broad .  england must be doing something right behind the scenes if one of their players can produce something like that almost out of nothing .
several thousand people gathered outside the city ' s main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday .  the rally forced the closure of flinders and elizabeth streets , where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop .  the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ' abor ' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant .
realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what ' s likely the midwestern city ' s gaudiest and most famous home - - a 26 , 000 - square - foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by jerry a . hostetler .  it sprang from 24 - year - old pimp known to police as mr . big .  after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator .
manchester united beat manchester city 2 - 1 in the premier league in 2011 .  wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as united beat aston villa .  manuel pellegrini has branded the last three months of their season as ' garbage ' .
hector bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put arsenal ahead against liverpool last weekend .  the spaniard has emerged as a star player after filling in for the injured mathieu debuchy at right back this season .  bellerin also beat theo walcott ' s 40 metre club sprint record last summer .  the 26 - year - old is hoping to reclaim his title at the end of the season .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
asmir begovic has been linked with a summer move to real madrid .  the bosnia international has been one of the premier league ' s most consistent keepers .  stoke boss mark hughes has played down reports of begovic leaving the brittania stadium .
the trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio was deemed offensive .  facebook deemed the clip as containing ' potentially offensive nudity ' .  the video had already had 30 , 000 hits when it was removed on sunday .  co - creator rachel clements called it a ' typical misapplication of standards ' .
alinea , run by the talented grant achatz , has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running .  the eatery is chicago  s only three - michelin - starred restaurant .  the top 10 featured four american restaurants which are all in new york .
liverpool face arsenal in the premier league on saturday .  brendan rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash .  the reds have lost just one of their last five games this season .  rodgers ' side are five points adrift of the qualification places .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
michael j from michigan filmed his 11 - month - old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla .  footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up .
nigel short said women should accept they were ' hard - wired very differently ' .  the 49 - year - old was the first english player to play a world chess championship match .  he made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess .  critics immediately pointed out that he lost a high - profile game against a woman grandmaster .
etali safari lodge offers game drives and walks to see the continent ' s big five .  one african elephant has take a particular liking to resort ' s pool and deck area .  troublesome is a regular visitor to the splash pools there over the past four years .  safety concerns and the fact he is emptying out the pools with his antics have led resort staff to take action .
all nippon airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the star wars films . the boeing 787 has been decorated to look like r2 - d2 , the small round robot that appears in every episode with his multi - lingual sidekick c - 3po .  the words ' star wars ' , in the movie ' s distinctive font , adorn the body of the plane behind the wing , while the tail is in ana ' s normal - also blue - livery .
andrew chan and myruan sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on tuesday night - with only three of them holding loaded guns .  the australian men are expected to be led from their cells in batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest on nusakambangan island in java .  a disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on indonesian tv the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in january .
protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with mall .  one of the banners read , ' respect existence or expect resistance ' and ' better to squat than let homes rot ' .  garbled message posted on facebook by group simply calls for ' christmas lights .  .  any and all radical / revolutionary messages ' .
oscar collided with david ospina during chelsea ' s derby with arsenal .  the brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks .  oscar played on for half an hour before being assessed .  sky sports revealed that oscar was taken off due to ' possible concussion ' .  jamie carragher , graeme souness and thierry henry were all in agreement that it should have been a penalty .
naturalists in paradise : wallace , bates and spruce in the amazon .
judge judy and her husband of 38 years jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years .  the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year .  judy has extended her cbs contract for three years and plans to keep her court in session into 2020 .
minute - long clip shows the s300 rocket barely managing to take off .  a small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of russia .  leaked footage will be of some embarrassment to vladimir putin who as grown the russian defence budget has grown by 33 per cent to 54billion over the past year .
just over three weeks until polling day , 39 per cent of voters say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour .  shock poll comes after tories unveiled key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to 1million .
liam byrne , who was chief secretary to the treasury under gordon brown , left a memo on his desk after labour ' s election defeat in 2010 .  it said : ' dear chief secretary , i ' m afraid that there is no money .  kind regards and good luck ' .  mr alexander today sent a letter to mr alexander apologising for the late reply .
fall of an empire : the story of katherine of alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades .  director michael redwood said peter o ' toole was not the type to let illness decide over his career .
chinese travellers spent $ 164 billion on foreign trips last year .  research found there were 109 million chinese tourists in 2014 .
karstein erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow on sunday .  he said : ' when i put them in my hand i found that they were alive ' .  numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story .
the red lady ' s remains were found in the el miron cave in cantabria , spain .  radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18 , 700 years ago .  when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material , later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal .  researchers from the university of new mexico unearthed a mandible and tibia that suggested a full skeleton was placed towards the rear of the cave .
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach , florida , over the weekend .  at the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft - high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match .  both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back .
walter the bat , from sydney , picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner ' s cup of tetley ' s tea .  the 22 - year - old grey - headed flying fox bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks .  since walter acquired the unusual taste , all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage .
hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .  the 55 - year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints .  he took $ 3 , 000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
the 39 - year - old oscar - winning actress wears a roomy size - nine shoe .  the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 4 in 1900 .  lots of stars from elle macpherson to gwyneth paltrow all have huge feet .
shinjiro kumagai is a ' mild mannered ' clergyman at a local buddhist temple .  he dresses up as kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law .  bizarre images depict him riding around kitakyushu in full kamen rider gear .  he has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink - drive patrolman .
pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom .  the local government association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed .  by september next year , two in five local authorities will have more children ready to start school than there are places .  this will increase to more than half by 2017 / 18 and to three in five by the following year .
alexis sanchez signed for arsenal from barcelona for 32million last summer .  the chile forward has scored 19 goals so far this season .  arsene wenger believes liverpool could use their interest in sanchez .
the australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kimye by bringing their children to fashion week .  the offspring of some of sydney ' s style set have been front and centre and centre at the presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski .  style blogger hass murad and pr maven roxy jacenko brought her daughter along to the ten pieces show at bondi icebergs on thursday .
friends of the deputy prime minister have previously indicated he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps .  but he insisted he would fight for his job ' in all circumstances ' .  he said : ' i want to continue to serve the country and serve my party , which i am so proud to have served for seven or eight years now ' .
the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable .  islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should not speak or read while on the toilet and should enter with their left foot and leave with their right , speaking a prayer .  the code , known as qadaahul haajah , is part of a set of guideline based on the teachings of the islamic prophet muhammad .
real madrid face atletico madrid in champions league quarter - final .  javier hernandez is on loan from manchester united .  carlo ancelotti ' s side are through to the quarter - finals of the competition .
sheila elkan , 84 , lives in the house that featured as leadbetters ' home .  the great - grandmother - of - five has lived at the home in hillingdon , north - west london . comments come after cameron promised he would help deliver ' the greatest sunshine ' .
amit yadav , 20 , was driving his honda civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit .  his brothers haider and taimur kayani , 17 , were killed in the collision .  yadav gave a statement saying he had swerved to avoid an oncoming car .
heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven ' t . the complaint is repeating her claims that the boy doesn ' t want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated .  aside from seeking to stop the procedure , she is trying to avoid her own arrest .
seven out of 10 business chiefs think ed miliband would be a ' catastrophe ' for britain .  poll of 35 business chairman reveals overwhelming support for david cameron . comes days after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against labour .
raffaele sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher .  the 31 - year - old was seen looking at a 105 , 000 bmw at a car dealership in rome , italy .  the italian and his former lover , american amanda knox , were both acquitted in late march ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years .
the queen , then 86 , was filmed ' jumping out of a plane ' during london olympics .  her grandsons , prince william and prince william were all surprised .  the queen is said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies .
u .  s . attorney ronald machen told house speaker john boehner in a seven - page letter that lerner could wrap herself in the constitution ' s fifth amendment .  lerner has long been in the gop ' s crosshairs because she led the irs department tasked with approving nonprofit groups ' applications for tax - exempt status .  the house oversight committee had subpoenaed lerner after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal .
police were called after teenagers started ' running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at southport holiday park , merseyside .  holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight , which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area .  a 26 - year - old man from huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault .
jia binhui , 25 , cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease .  he built a human barbecue in his garden in yunlong county in southwest china ' s yunnan province , which he lies on above a fire below , like a spit roast . he has had a bone marrow transplant , costing 55 , 000 , which was funded by well - wishers .
the youngster was befriended by a brown bear at a north american zoo .  the bear sits partially submerged in the water in a zoo in north africa .  the boy  s dad instructs his son to put his hand up against the glass .  as he does so the bear moves towards him with its nose rubbing .
keurig green mountain has made $ 4 . 7 billion in revenue , and 1 / 3 of homes in the us now feature single - serve coffee machines .
scotland ' s oldest inhabited castle has a host of events planned for the weekend .  traquair castle in scotland hosts drumming and singing , egg decorating , storytelling and an easter bonnet parade .  at carreg cennen castle , children can help bottle feed any lambs or keep a beady eye to see if they can spot any of the signs of a ewe in labour .
blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly  female  hormone .  post - puberty , elephants enter the aggressive state known as musth and male rhinos go horn - to - horn .
after eating only four mini solid chocolate eggs , you ' ll need to run for at least 40 minutes to melt the calories away .  a medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules that won  t burn themselves off .  a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes .
professors at columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12 , 000 - word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night .  rolling stone bosses commissioned the review after the story was called into serious question .  despite the uncompromising conclusions , nobody will lose their job over the story .
packets of ' beef masala ' were sent by pakistan as part of relief package from pakistan .  doctors chose to have food from a hotel instead of hotel instead .  pakistan has hurt nepal ' s religious beliefs by supplying the masala .
the woman , identified as 24 - year - old krista dotzenrod from minnesota , said it was ' pure luck ' .
wisconsin ' s frank kaminsky brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that kentucky guard andrew harrison directed at him during a postgame news conference at the final four .  harrison muttered it with his hand in front of his mouth , but his microphone still projected the comment .  harrison has since apologized for his comment .
emile heskey , eidur gudjohnsen , 36 , and adam bogdan , 27 , joined on short - term deals .  neil lennon has also fined midfielders barry bannan and neil danns .
william beggs , 54 , is serving a life sentence in saughton prison , edinburgh .  he murdered and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in kilmarnock , ayrshire , in 1999 .  the teenager ' s limbs and torso were found in loch lomond and his head was dumped in the sea .  beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands .
peter hiett , 49 , worked at feltham young offenders institution in hounslow .  said staff would put inmates in cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences .  claims echo scenes from 1999 film fight club starring brad pitt .  mr hiett also said gangs controlled entire wings leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked .
divock origi signed for liverpool for 10million last summer .  the 20 - year - old has scored nine goals during his season - long loan at lille .  the belgium international has been in regular contact with simon mignolet .
the california firm said it will announce a ' home battery ' and a ' very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors .  while products such as this already exist , founder elon musk thinks they ' suck ' , according to tesla ' s investor relations director , jeff evanson .  the company already offers battery packs for its solarcity project , but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design .
the 42 - year - old mother - of - three from mississippi has officiated pre - season games as a line judge .  thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season .  she has a history of trailblazing since beginning her refereeing career in 1999 .
aston villa beat liverpool 2 - 1 in an fa cup semi - final at wembley on sunday .  jack grealish was clobbered by two fouls against liverpool in sunday ' s semi - finals .  the 19 - year - old played gaelic football to a high standard .
ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 .  it was torpedoed by a u - boat taking 100 tons of rupees to the bottom of the ocean .  when the ship was finally discovered , it was ' broken in two and buried deep in the seafloor silt ' .  underwater company deep ocean search used powerful sonar and robotics to recover the coins from a record depth of 17 , 000ft - 4 , 500ft deeper than the titanic .
tyus byrd , who is black , was recently elected mayor of parma , missouri , over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey .  six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd won , according to multiple reports .  trish cohen , parma ' s former police chief , has said she and medley feared for their safety , and their home addresses had been shared online by byrd ' s family .
john caudwell , 62 , claimed visitors to his 50 - room jacobean manor have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs .  he believes the ghostly goings - on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict .
jermain defoe scored his third goal of the season to give sunderland a 1 - 0 lead in the north east derby .  it was the magpies ' first win in the premier league so far this season .  newcastle ' s tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe ' s first - half strike .
doctors warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable , can damage one ' s relationship with food and could be doing more harm than good .  australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain .
real madrid beat granada 9 - 1 at the santiago bernabeu on sunday .  iker casillas handed a young fan his real madrid shirt during the half - time interval .  the young fan looked delighted to have been handed the no 1 shirt .  cristiano ronaldo scored five and karim benzema netted a brace .
lancashire ' s liam livingstone scored 350 for nantwich town against caldy .  the 21 - year - old all - rounder has yet to make his first - team debut for the red rose .
usain bolt says tyson gay should have been given a longer ban .  gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co - operate with authorities .  but bolt said he felt ' let down ' by the american sprinter .
ed miliband said in the past his party had been ' too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language .  but the tories said there was nothing in mr ' s plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain after net migration hit 298 , 000 in a year .
eden hazard , diego costa , john terry , gary cahill , nemanja matic and branislav ivanovic named pfa player of the year .  steven gerrard , daniel sturridge and luis suarez starred for liverpool in last year ' s best xi .
hector bellerin has been linked with a move back to barcelona .  the 20 - year - old right back has been on a rapid road to success this season .  psg and man united target dani alves could leave the club this summer .  bellerin ' s current deal expires at the end of the season .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
six - minute propaganda video filmed in al - mayadin , syria , on april 5 .  it shows alleged soldiers fighting for syrian president bashar al - assad .  they are all marched to a small wooden stump and instructed to kneel .  an islamic state militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking their heads off with a sharpened blade .  ' whoever kills the muslims and spills their blood , their reward is slaughter , ' the jihadi says .
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7 - 6 4 - 6 6 - 0 in the miami open final .  the serbian world no 1 has lost his last seven matches to the serb .  the 27 - year - old has lost ten out of 11 defeats against murray .
ed miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer gp surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election .  but critics were quick to point out that the figures were out of date .  labour launched a poster declaring ' the tories have made it harder to see a gp ' .
benjamin netanyahu said the deal would pave the way for tehran to build an atomic bomb .  but israel issued a series of dire warnings about the deal .
french photographer floriane de lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years .  in her project , she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping .
video of the unidentified woman ' s robust display at the arena football league game has over 300 , 000 views on youtube .
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a 24million deal for radamel falcao .  negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla .  the 29 - year - old scored 23 goals in his first season at the etihad .
west brom host liverpool at the hawthorns on saturday .  the baggies are eight points clear of the premier league relegation zone .  tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams . they also face manchester united , chelsea and arsenal in their final five games .
william ziegler , now 39 , was jailed in 2001 for the killing of russell allen baker , an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year .  in 2012 his conviction was overturned by judge sarah stewart who blasted his initial trial , allowing him to cut a plea deal which saw him walk free .  today he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder .
prime minister vows to ' do more ' to respond to concerns about immigration .  warns it is ' not the time to send a message or make a protest ' . comes as pollsters believe ukip will win just a handful of seats .
joel parker , 33 , was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county , florida on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar .  when the driver declined the offering , parker threw the candy bar at his head instead , police said .
brendan rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four .  arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas in all competitions .  liverpool face manchester city at crystal palace on wednesday .
franco di santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for werder bremen this season .  the 26 - year - old has been in impressive form for his club .  di santo played for wigan for three seasons , scoring 13 goals .
christine bleakley has been in a relationship with frank ' s children for fiver years .  the 36 - year - old says building a bond with his children has been a ' well - thought - out process ' .  she says she and frank waited until they were sure of their long - term feelings .  frank and christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the pride of britain awards five years ago .
many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights , according to google politics .
william hilton , 22 , was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11 . 24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car .  witnesses said paul was ' revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck .  paul failed a field sobriety test and refused blood and breathalyzer tests at the hospital .  the 22 - year - old student is scheduled to be arraigned in rand paul district court on may 12 .
gran canaria is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for britons .  the apollo hotel , built in 2012 , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults - only bohemia suites & spa .  each place reflects the ideas of a visionary hotelier , the santa ana auditorium and world stars at the canaries jazz festival .
nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel .  he gets his three - month - old son seth to sleep off in just 42 seconds .  the clip has now received almost 26 , 000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago .
unbeaten championship leaders salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup .  twice came from behind to beat the red devils 22 - 18 in front of a 6 , 358 crowd at leigh sports village .  build - up to the fifth - round tie was dominated by cory of former england forward gareth hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club .
phylise davis - bowens attended bethune - cookman university in daytona beach , florida , for their ' transformative leadership ' program at the age of 37 .  she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience .  the 42 - year - old said she also has ongoing health issues from losing weight quickly .
the iowa board of chiropractic released a report detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni .  manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .  he ' s received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on healthgrades . com .
siem de jong could return to action before the end of the campaign .  the 6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february .  john carver will be hoping his side will improve following de jong ' s return .
diego costa failed to recover from a hamstring injury against stoke .  the spain striker is unlikely to make the bench for arsenal ' s clash with leicester city on sunday .  jose mourinho said he would make a late decision on costa ' s fitness .  loic remy is set to be named on the bench leaving didier drogba as chelsea ' s only fit senior striker .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
alastair cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him .  jonathan trott looks set to open with cook 18 months after he left england  s ashes tour in a state of turmoil .  jimmy anderson  s chances of securing the four victims he needs to overtake sir ian botham and become england ' s leading test wicket - taker .
police had opened an investigation into the incident at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire .  victim oisin tymon told police he did not wish to press charges against mr clarkson .  but officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against clarkson .  mr clarkson is set to take part in a series of top gear live shows alongside co - presenters richard hammond and james may .
ronald koeman has promised not to leave southampton this summer .  the dutchman has been revelation in his first season in english football .  southampton only need a point to break record premier league points tally .
jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during his pre - match press conference on friday .  arsenal lost 3 - 1 to monaco in the champions league on wednesday .  wenger will be sick of the sight of didier drogba .
belinda , 56 , from essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls .  she says she was looking ' worn out ' ahead of the procedure and is ' looking ' .  but plastic surgeon consultant vik vijh set out to correct damage by re - doing .  belinda , who appears on tlc ' s extreme beauty disasters , travelled to turkey .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland .  blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .  the cruise is expected to get back underway on friday as it heads to the virgin islands .
youtube videos show four - month - old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father ' s hand as he ' s lifted through the air .  as he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright .
comedy sketch follows  jeff randl  , who travels to switzerland to compete in xtreme verbier .  some viewers said they were offended or didn  t find the humour in the show  s over - the - top depiction of americans on the slopes .
phil jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the thai festival of songkran with sponsors chang beer .  the toffees have been sponsored by thai beverage chang beer for over 11 years .  everton travel to the liberty stadium on saturday looking for their fourth premier league win in succession .
lord prescott suggested signatories were ' tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms ' .  business spokesman chuka umunna said one , former diageo boss paul walsh , should no longer take over as head of cbi .  103 corporate leaders yesterday declared government ' has been good for business ' .
ap mccoy described the final day of his career as ' the hardest day ' of his life as he left sandown on saturday night .  the peerless champion jockey was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last - ever time .  mccoy said : ' someone will break my records .  all records are broken .  i just hope i am dead when they do ' .
nasr bitar spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada .  the college student followed in his own vehicle and followed it .  he then uploaded the picture to his instagram account .
five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops .  more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed .  immigrants have complained about a lack of protection from the authorities and some have started arming themselves to fight back .  president zuma called it a ' violation ' of south africa ' s values .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford on sunday .  wayne rooney , ander herrera and radamel falcao are all back in action .  robin van persie could return to the fray after being declared fit .  louis van gaal ' s side are four points clear of arsenal in the premier league .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
cheltenham town have two games to preserve their football league status .  gary johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30 .  he wrote ' i promise to do all i can to keep cheltenham town in the league ' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the 92 - year - old started her career in the gossip and entertainment industry when she was just 25 .  she claims iac chairman barry diller asked her in 1992 : ' do you think i should come out ? ' .  smith says he ' worships ' his wife diane von furstenberg , whom she claims diller worships .
diana ' s final wishes for the disposal of her 21 . 4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online .  possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren while the rest went to her sons william and harry .  qadir ahmed said the wills are a fascinating snapshot into the personalities and characters of people from every walk of life .
record crowd of 30 , 000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club .  father arron cutugno said he was ' disgusted ' by the choice to play music .  merivale announced the contractor responsible for the incident was ' immediately terminated ' .
johann gudmundsson gave charlton the lead after eight minutes .  ross mccormack equalised for the visitors in the first half .  morgan fox ' s cross bounced back with just eight minutes to play .  charlton are eight points clear of millwall in the championship .
judy , 55 , said she is ' really looking forward to being a granny ' .  the tennis coach said she wasn ' t sure when her 27 - year - old son would have children .  the ceremony was followed by a reception at cromlix house , murray ' s luxury hotel near dunblane .
police were searching for ufc champion jon jones in connection with a hit - and - run accident on sunday local time .  the driver , whom an off - duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but returned for the cash before fleeing again , police said .  officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as mma and rental car documents in jones ' name .  jones is scheduled to defend his title against anthony ' rumble ' johnson at ufc 187 in las vegas on may 23 .
a quarter of australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men .  julie sweet , 39 , has lived in clovelly for five years and has never been happier .  she is currently a psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in psychotherapy .
a video from the philadelphia office of transportation shows characters such as bubbleman , a ' fashionista ' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights .  the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one ' s phone , including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year .
juanette cullum , 48 , was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed american airline officials .  detectives found 19 kindle tablets , seven ipads , two laptops and a ' large amount ' of toiletries .  cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property and was released on her own recognizance .
instant poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer .  judy murray , mother of tennis star andy , tweeted about her triumph .  sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the tv debate .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 - 1 on monday night .  the premier league side have been targeted for a takeover by josh harris .  parish says he wants to bring in extra investment to the club in the summer .
pavel nedved has revealed barcelona are interested in signing paul pogba .  the czech star has been linked with a move to paris st germain .  nedved believes lionel messi is currently in the greatest form of his career .
naz shah , a mother - of - three from bradford , has previously claimed she was coerced into marrying her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused .  but mr galloway ' s respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ' nikah ' , or marriage certificate , showing she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990 .  ms shah has now hit back , saying there are two copies of her nikah .
britt mchenry has been suspended for one week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ' lose some weight , baby girl ' .  in a self - aggrandizing rant , she tells readers to ' be the woman with a voice , not the sex - ed up body without one ' .
natalie prescott , 26 , dived off appley bridge quarry , near wigan , in 2012 .  mum - of - three was not expected to survive after she dived into quarry .  family was warned she would almost lose her legs if she did .  she is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .
the dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch , california .  it is believed the animal was burned by chemicals at a foster home .  umbrella of hope is now caring for the dog and is looking for a prospective adopters .
kevin wimmer is wanted by tottenham in a 4 . 4million deal .  the 22 - year - old has impressed the boss of his national team .  wimmer has admitted it would be a ' dream ' to join a top club .
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team - mate during a club match .  the 20 - year - old was only playing as a substitute fielder in kolkata .  he died in hospital on monday after suffering a cardiac arrest . former national team captain sachin tendulkar tweeted his condolences .
newcastle united announced record profits last month of 18 . 7m for 2013 / 14 season .  but full accounts show 38 . 6million was transferred as a cash - flow sum .  revelation has infuriated newcastle fans who claim owner mike ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from the lucrative premier league tv deals .  a protest , backed by the newcastle united supporters ' trust , is planned for sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against tottenham .
philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ' the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , new york .  the republican real - estate lawyer , who will get $ 25 , 000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ' accomplishments and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice , and not his heritage .
nafir afzal said teenagers see isis as ' pop idols ' like one direction and justin bieber .  he said britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation .  he warned that ' another 7 / 7 ' could happen unless britain makes changes .
red mazda had careered off the road up someone ' s drive and crashed into the front door of the home in crossgates , leeds .  it hit the property with such force that the car became stuck in the wall but incredibly no - one was injured .  police said occupants of the house had a lucky escape and only suffered minor injuries .
david luiz was at fault for both goals as psg crashed out of the champions league quarter - finals .  itv pundit roy keane described luiz ' s performance as looking ' lost ' .  the 43 - year - old described the brazilian international as ' schoolboy stuff ' .  neymar has been in superb form for barcelona this season , taking his scoring tally to 30 against psg .
the footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque .  with its front left leg already placed on its mother  s neck , the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg .  all the while the 22 - year - old asian elephant remains incredibly docile .
samuel tushingham , 26 , dragged his partner out of bed , slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her , a court was told .  district judge bridget knight described the 26 - year - old as a ' caveman ' .  she told him : ' you are almost too dangerous for me to send you to prison because you need work done on you ' .
steven naismith has won the barclays spirit of the game award .  the 28 - year - old has worked with job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool .  the toffees forward is the latest recipient of the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community .
a new kansas law tells poor families that they can ' t use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts , visit theme parks or buy lingerie .  the list of don ' ts runs to several dozen items . more than 20 other states have such lists .
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins .  acting commissioner of west australian police , stephen brown , confirmed to daily mail australia an internal investigation is underway .  allegations will be investigated under section 440a of the criminal code , which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $ 12 , 000 fine for unauthorised computer usage .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final on tuesday night .  marcelo says he and his team - mates are not thinking about their recent form .  the last time real beat atletico was in the final league final last season .
alfred hitchcock was born in leytonstone , east london , in 1899 .  he was the son of a wholesale grocer who was educated by the jesuits .  ackroyd emphasises the importance of victorian and edwardian london .
ronald pearson and his wife miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service .  they settled in broughton near chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day .  mrs pearson , 95 , died last month within two days of each other .  their marriage was described as ' the greatest true love story ' at a joint funeral held at blacon crematorium which saw the couple buried side by side .
st george ' s day takes place on april 23 every year , with temperatures of around 20c in parts of the country .  veteran parades and morris men were seen across the country , with spectators draped in flags cheering them on .  prime minister described the festivities as ' a day to be celebrate all that makes england great ' .
terror group said it would imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in raqqa .  rbss will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take an ' islamic course ' .  those who don ' t will be fined and kept in prison until they pass .
tokyo ' s narita airport has installed running tracks in its hallways .  the blue path leads towards the departure area , while the red track leads travellers to arrivals .  the new terminal will be used for departures and arrivals of low - cost carriers .
liz the bearded dragon lives with owner shannen hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in melbourne .  the reptile responds to her owner when asked : ' are you hungry ? ' .  liz ' absolutely loves ' the little larvae and will do anything to get one .
almen abdi opened the scoring for nottingham forest after just four minutes .  gary gardner doubled the visitors ' lead with just twenty minutes to play .  matthew connolly was sent off in the 72th minute for the hosts .
celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock at parkhead on wednesday .  ronny deila said leigh griffiths ' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi .  celtic could now win the scottish cup semi - final against inverness at hampden on sunday .
the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off - duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ' looping lightning ' .  upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning travels in an  upwards  direction .  but storm chaser dan robinson believes ' looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective , based on where a viewer is stood , meaning it appears to loop when it ' s not .
bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3 - 0 in the bundesliga .  robert lewandowski scored the only goal of the game .  the poland international is now just three behind alexander meier .
experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit .  esa ' s asteroid impact mission will take place in two parts .  aim will also be to demonstrate technologies for future deep - space missions .
floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world .  marvin hagler believes mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep .  hagler was speaking on the 30th anniversary of his fight with thomas hearns .
zenit st petersburg striker hulk posed as the superhero at the premiere of the avengers : age of ultron movie on monday .  the 28 - year - old recently signed a new long - term deal at zenit until the end of the 2018 - 19 season .  hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the russian giants in all competitions at present .
alan pardew says he would sell yannick bolasie if crystal palace were offered 40m to 60million .  the former newcastle boss is ready to fend off big - money bids for his in - demand stars like scott dann .  parde .  claims all his players are ' undervalued ' as the club try to assert their premier league clout .  click here for all the latest crystal palace news .
waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed .  he was arrested with eight relatives in a remote turkish border town earlier this month .  it is understood he is now returning to the uk and will fly from dalaman .  the majority of the family flew to turkey on march 27 from manchester airport .
barcelona - based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours , and it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board .  the company ' s objective is to acquire more hotels in london during the next few months , and then start to work in other cities such as berlin and paris .
the film has also established a new high - water mark for the month of .  april , blowing past the $ 95 million debut of captain america : .  the winter soldier .  it opened in 4 , 003 north american theaters , earning $ 14 million .  on 365 imax screens and $ 11 . 5 million from premium large format .
laura eugenia smith , 35 , faces multiple charges , including dui , child endangerment and public intoxication .  the incident occurred on south memphis street in south memphis on thursday night .
mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts .  to the strains of the spanish singer crooning on his iphone , he is claimed to have asked her : ' do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? ' .
manchester city ' s gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .  england ' s first - choice right - back at the world cup is still a regular for liverpool .  ron vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the tournament .
gianluigi buffon won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night .  joe hart has labelled buffon a ' legend of the game ' .  manchester city shot stopper is 10 years younger than buffon .
patsy kensit made the comments in an interview with stylist magazine .  she said the duchess of cambridge would be her ' regal inspiration ' .  ' she ' s so fabulous on every level .  she repeats outfits , which is brilliant .  i think it ' s done so much for women , ' she said .
singing nessun dorma can enhance bitterness in coffee and coffee mousse .  high - pitched piano in billie holiday ' s autumnal new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding .
baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19 , 1995 , in the worst case of homegrown terrorism america has ever seen .  her 23 - year - old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day .  a day later , it was on the cover of newspapers across the world .
michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league on february 14 , 1998 .  he scored a hat - trick for liverpool in a 3 - 3 draw with sheffield wednesday .  the three lions starlet scored 18 goals in 36 appearances in the barclays premier league .  harry kane is dividing opinion .
mick schumacher made pre - season test debut at oschersleben circuit in germany .  the 16 - year - old accidentally went off the track during a training session .  he was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he skidded out of control .  but the crash was minor and he walked away uninjured .  his father michael has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 .
a ' bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - but it is chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia .  anthropologists at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80 , 000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .  the findings add to evidence that neanderthals were not the slow - witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as .
rihanna cooper , 21 , from hull , hit the headlines when she became youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment .  at 16 , she was accepted for treatment but stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it .  now she is working as an escort to pay for her treatment privately .  rihanna blames nhs psychiatrists and doctors for clouding her focus .
superior court judge orlando hudson jr . said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that craig stephen hicks is ' death penalty qualified ' .  hicks is charged with three counts of first - degree murder in the february 10 killings of deah shaddy barakat ; his wife , 21 - year - old yusor mohammad abu - salha ; and her sister , 19 - year .
spiderfab uses arachnid - like robots to construct large objects in orbit .  could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit .
cristiano ronaldo ' s yellow card against rayo vallecano was rescinded .  iker casillas , toni kroos , james rodriguez and gareth bale are all out of the clash with eibar .  mundo deportivo are reporting that sergio rico has been given the task of stopping barca ' s trio and juventus on course to win a treble .
police were called to the serbian community centre after a ' facebook ' party in brisbane ' s south spiraled out of control on tuesday night .  the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter , and shows a small scuffle escalate into an all - in fight .  more than 70 teenagers , including a 20 - year - old man , have been arrested over the incident .  neighbours said that ' hordes of people ' were directed by police out of the area .
david cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair .  tory leader travelled to all four home nations in his bid to secure votes .  he has also had to wade into a number of arguments , defending outspoken ministers .
ryanair shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in terminal 2 in dublin .  the words appear to be a reaction to terminal 1 - based ryanair often using smaller and former military bases throughout europe .  ryanair , run by michael o ' leary , tweeted : ' fly from t1 for the lowest fares made simple ' .
mauro vilhete opened the scoring for barnet in the second - half .  martin allen ' s fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful .  barnet defeated gateshead 2 - 0 in the conference clash on saturday .
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region .  it contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region ' s olive oil production last year .  france announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables .  its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil .
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions .  their opening - stand century was england  s first in test cricket for more than two years  since march 2013 when cook and nick compton scored an impressive 231 against new zealand in dunedin .  new zealand all - rounder corey anderson could miss the test series in england with a broken finger .
judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead ' s in kansas city last week .  she says she remembers when french fries and a classic coca - cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she ' s worked at for half - a - century .
at least 112 , 000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year .  increase put down to introduction of ' smart motorways ' which use the cameras to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions .  labour has pledged to repaint them yellow so they are easier for drivers to spot .
the mineral veins were found at a site called ' garden city ' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm ( 2 . 5 inches ) scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock .  veins such as these form where fluids move through cracked rock and leave minerals in the fractures , often affecting the chemistry of the rock surrounding the fractures .
risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral , oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes .  cigar use is on the rise in the us , where the study was carried out .  cigar consumption more than doubled from 2000 - 2011 .
marissa holcomb - who is five months pregnant with her fourth child - was held at gunpoint on march 31 , however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen .  popeyes have offered her $ 2 , 000 in backpay , since she has been out of work for almost one month .
wigry national park , in north - east poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes .  the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set - up for outdoor pursuits .
marco evaristti , the south american artist who is based in copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir natural hot spring .  when they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result .  professing that ' nature belongs to no one ' , he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt .  he has been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ' vandalism ' .
on a catwalk in xi ' an , china , models strutted their stuff in gold underwear .  it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history .  the idea takes its inspiration from cleopatra , marie antoinette and tsarina alexandra .
defence secretary michael fallon says miliband is ' so desperate ' for power .  he claims he is willing to weaken uk defences to win support from snp .  labour leader nicola sturgeon has made clear that scrapping trident missile system would be a red line for her propping up a labour government .
labour leader ed miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth over 2million to raise money for the nhs .  homeowners with properties worth between 2m and 3million will be forced to pay 3 , 000 a year in mansion tax .  david cameron has criticised labour ' s proposed mansion tax as a ' home tax ' .
england lost 19 - 9 to ireland at the aviva stadium in dublin last month .  george ford , dave attwood , jonathan joseph and anthony watson all return to the scene of the six nations defeat .  bath head coach mike ford feels that setback could prove beneficial in their champions cup quarter - final .
fernando hierro believes real madrid can win the champions league for a second successive season .  the club legend believes the current squad will be able to emulate the successes of previous real sides .
steven gerrard and frank lampard will be honoured by the pfa on sunday .  the pair have been stalwarts of the english game for the past decade and a half .  gerrard will join la galaxy at the end of the season , with lampard moving to new york city fc .
dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers to get a trim .  the dog ' s owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home .  similar to a lion , the dog  s tail remains unshaved apart from the very top of it .
callum ryan , 21 , will run a marathon in each of australia ' s eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late friend .  the university of sydney student has already faced his first three marathons since january .  he is raising funds for not - for - profit organisation heartkids australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects .
pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death on wednesday night .  it is believed mr saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below .  the 29 - year - old was in australia on a long - stay work visa , and had been working on and off in sydney in recent years .
fc united of manchester beat stourbridge 1 - 0 in front of 3 , 588 fans .  the club ' s fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the football league .  fc will move to a new 5 , 000 capacity stadium of their own in may .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .  she recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like kim kardashian .
economic migration from outside the eu has been capped at 20 , 700 skilled professionals a year .  under labour , 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers .
manny pacquiao has promoted a range of t - shirts commemorating his bout with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  there are four shirts for sale , three of which cost $ 29 . 99 ( 21 ) and one priced at $ 24 . 99 .  the cheapest shirt has an ' m ' for mayweather ' above a ' p ' .
gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik put napoli firmly in control .  manolo gabbiadini made it four moments after coming on as a second - half substitute .  former arsenal striker nicklas bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts .  wolfsburg lost just once in their last 26 matches in all competitions .
bradford brewing company owner matthew halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery ' s brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row .  mr galloway , who doesn ' t drink , responded to the beer makers , saying : ' what does that mean ? and as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that ? ' .
gibbons have been found to use soft ' hoo ' calls that are almost inaudible to the human ear .  the apes , found in the forest of south east asia , produce a variety of soft call types , known as ' hoos ' .  this suggests the quiet calls were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey .
ulster back michael allen will join edinburgh on a two - year deal .  the 24 - year - old can play either at wing or centre .  allen has never lived outside of ireland .
leighton baines and luke garbutt paid a visit to alder hey children ' s hospital on wednesday .  the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital .  baines hailed the ' unbelievable strength and character ' of the children .
fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt  old or new  in memory of 1966 world cup - winning captain bobby moore .  bianca westwood , rob lee and clare balding were among those showing their support on social media .  this is the third annual football shirt friday , and it kicked off in april .
britain met the target last year , spending 11 . 7billion on foreign aid .  new eu accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured .  one aid expert said it could mean an increase of 500million in the aid budget in 2016 and 2017 .
15 - year - old girl , named locally as leah price , airlifted to hospital .  she is believed to have been sat on the cliff edge with a friend .  retired woman who owns a caravan near filey , north yorkshire , said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside .
german maker toyo aluminium ' s technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation and the firm has teamed up with japan ' s morinaga milk industry to bring it to consumers .  the technology is inspired by the water - repelnt nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking .  lotus leaves repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain , for example .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , found herself locked out of her facebook account last week .  for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in .  with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day .
louise smith , 38 , secretly plucked a young girl ' s hair and put it in her food .  carlisle magistrates ' court heard she did not have enough money to pay for the 21 dinner .  smith , from eastriggs , near annan , denied fraud in february but failed to attend trial this week so she was convicted in her absence .
leonardo ulloa gives leicester the lead after just 15 minutes .  andrej kramaric equalised for the hosts in the second half .  andy king ' s late second - half header gave swansea the lead .  swansea move off the bottom of the premier league for the first time since november .
one in five chinese restaurants believed to be serving shark fin soup .  loophole came to light after trading standards raided royal china club .  charity bite - back said restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as ' fish fin soup ' or are offering it to mandarin speaking customers .  more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off .
david king , 70 , had not been seen for six months in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south west of caen .  he is thought to have got into an argument with a 28 - year - old , aged 28 .
german red cross worker rene schulthoff did not grasp how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs .  it was then realised the girl was so scared of his camera that ' she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon ' .  he continued to photograph other men , women and children who grow the camp after fleeing violence in syria .  he told mailonline these children ' grow up in permanent fear and under extremely poor conditions ' .
wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again .  he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road .  but he has now returned home and it ' s become apparent he ' s had an adventure .  six months ago , he was re - homed with a couple living in margate , kent .
prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta .  the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom .  their kimonos , duster coats , pyjamas , scarves and make - up bags are sold online and on the british high street by topshop .
antonio conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august . conte reportedly received death threats after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier .  italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2 - 2 draw against bulgaria .
kamron taylor , 23 , was convicted of first - degree murder in the june 2013 death of nelson williams jr , 21 , and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .  in a courthouse outburst in february , taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict .  he shouted , ' i figure he might ambush me like he did my son , ' he said .
lee tomlin scored the opening goal of the season in middlesbrough .  patrick bamford also missed a late penalty for the hosts .  middlesbrough remain fourth in the championship table after losing by the same scoreline on easter monday .
united arab emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 rugby league world cup .  the world cup has only ever been hosted by australia , new zealand , france and great britain .  the hosts for the 16th world cup are expected to be named in october 2016 .
gonzalo castro scored one of the goals of the season for real sociedad .  xabi prieto equalised for the home side in the 31st minute .  deportivo midfielder jose rodriguez appeared to handle the ball in the box .
manchester city lost 4 - 2 to manchester united at old trafford on sunday .  joe hart was unable to keep out goals by ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling .  the 27 - year - old has even given up on knocking arsenal out of second place .
david cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the campaign .  he was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing : ' f * * * off back to eton ' .  tory strategists had planned a low - key day while labour leader ed miliband launched his party manifesto in manchester .
nico rosberg has published a video explaining his row with lewis hamilton .  mercedes team - mate hamilton was sitting next to him as he spoke .  rosberg could have been caught by sebastian vettel of ferrari .
david hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer in july 2012 .  doctors told him the cancer was terminal - so he decided to try cannabis oil .  in desperation he tried cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it for 50 a gram .  now the father - of - one says he has been cancer - free since his last scan .
betheny coyne was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born .  the 24 - year - old was never expected to reach her fourth birthday .  but she defied medical predictions and is now mother to three healthy children .  she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
all of the 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an ' eyesore ' .  but the local council defended the colour scheme , claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home .  one pensioner said the property looks ' more like a children ' s playscheme than sheltered accommodation ' .
victoria wasteney , 38 , was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist . her colleague enya nawaz , then 25 , accused her of trying to convert her to christianity .  miss wasteney said she was branded a ' religious nutcase ' when she was suspended .  her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal .
sam vokes scored in wales ' 3 - 0 win at turf moor in the fa cup third round .  spurs defender ben davies maintains there can be no quarter given should he get the chance of a first spurs appearance since the international break .  davies was also part of the wales team which triumphed in israel .
beverley davis , 35 , pleaded guilty to duping ray warren , 89 , out of 10 , 000 .  the mother - of - three used ray warren ' s bank cards to buy chinese takeaways .  mr warren was so devastated he lay in bed at night worrying about money .  he died just five months after her crime was discovered .  davis , from norwich , norfolk , said : ' i ' ll never be able to forgive her ' .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval .  jose mourinho said he would only turn to costa if absolutely necessary .  eden hazard scored and assisted in the same premier league match .
ashley young scored in sunday ' s 4 - 2 derby victory over manchester united .  the 29 - year - old has revived his career under louis van gaal .  young is now being touted for a return to the england set - up .
christopher wheeler , 54 , worked at the exclusive tower hill school in delaware .  he had more than 2 , 000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men .  one showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act .  he was fired from a job he had held for nine years , which had a salary of nearly $ 3700 , 000 .
blackpool chairman karl oyston has denied five football association charges for text messages .  the unpopular chief initially had until march 30 to reply , but was granted an extension .  his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month .
rudi austin sent off in the first half for elbowing ben marshall off the ball .  tom cairney , jordan rhodes and jay spearing settled the match .  rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches while leeds ' five - game unbeaten sequence came to an end .
the state department alleges a u . s . rc - 135u reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the baltic sea in international airspace when a russian su - 27 flanker cut into its path .  pentagon officials have slammed the move as ' unprofessional ' and ' unsafe ' .  russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception .
manuel pellegrini ' s stars were trained at their etihad campus on wednesday .  sergio aguero and yaya toure are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer .  sky sports pundits gary neville and graeme souness were highly critical of toure and samir nasri .
saracens director of rugby mark mccall said he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post - world cup transfer market .  maro itoje was one of five england - qualified forwards in the pack that faced clermont on saturday .  saracens chairman nigel wray said : ' the fact our pack is as young as it is is incredibly exciting for us ' .
labour ' s deputy leader challenged about claims senior tories are ' posh boys ' .  ms harman , who went to st paul ' s girls school in the 1960s , has repeatedly accused the tories of being ' completely out of touch ' .  she has previously faced the wrath of labour backbenchers when she sent her son and daughter to selective grammar schools .
competitors on bear grylls ' show hunted and killed an endangered crocodile .  but male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down .  the show ' s producers surveyed islands used during the show before contestants were set loose , trying to identify any animals which would be off - limits for hunting .  it was not known that the american crocodile also lived there until the competitors found it larger than usual , and it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile .
michael slager , 33 , was terminated from the police force on wednesday .  he has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father walter scott , 50 , who was fatally shot five times in the back in north charleston , south carolina on saturday .  a separate fundraising campaign was started on indiegogo , titled the ' michael t . slager support fund ' and featured a picture of slager in his police uniform .
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk , but a whole web of roots .  locals say they have watched the whole thing sways in the wind due to its flimsy structure .
youtuber dave hax  s kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler .  the process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife around the middle of the potato , without letting it cut through the potato flesh .  when they  re ready , drain the water into another pan , leaving the potatoes in the first one .
castle toward , near dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach .  overlooking the clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops .  soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs , smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up beach .
lord janner signed letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges .  crown prosecution service faced widespread criticism after announcing janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimer ' s disease .  former labour mp , 86 , claimed more than 100 , 000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009 .
audrie pott , 15 , killed herself after drinking gatorade laced with vodka .  her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared false rumors that ' served to shame and humiliate her ' .  they also apologized for sharing nude photos , ' slut - shaming ' and the dangers of alcohol .
henrikh mkhitaryan , pierre - emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa were on target for borussia dortmund .  the win moved last season ' s bundesliga runners - up to eighth in the table .  jurgen klopp will quit the club at the end of the season .
jasmine midgley was born with a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper .  she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat , almost closing over her airways and choking her .  doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply and she was kept in the university hospital of north tees overnight .
gareth bale broke down after just two minutes of real madrid ' s league game .  the welsh forward will miss the second leg of the champions league .  cristiano ronaldo was the first player to go over to bale .  bale has not been injured since october of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
sir alex ferguson has picked neymar as the next man to challenge for the title of world ' s best player , competing with lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo .  the 23 - year - old has been behind messi in the pecking order since joining barca from santos in his homeland two years ago .  ferguson says there is no standout player capable of rivaling messi or ronaldo at the moment .
ratinho had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football .  the remo midfielder ' s side secured a 1 - 1 draw on the night .  igor joao salvaged a draw in the 76th minute at the estadio olimpico do para .
london mayor appeared on the bbc ' s andrew marr show this morning .  he launched a furious personal assault on his rival on twitter .  mr miliband ended up laughing off the attack , responding : ' come on boris , you ' re better than that ' .
john r . lind , 34 , admitted tainting pat maahs ' drink with his semen .  he masturbated over her desk while she was away at beisswenger  s hardware store in new brighton , minnesota .
livingston boss mark burchill is hopeful darren cole will turn out for his side in sunday ' s petrofac cup final .  shaun cole , 22 , was found dead in a miami street last weekend .  the midfielder is thought to have been the victim of a hit - and - run driver .  cole has been a key member of the team since signing a short - term deal in february .
barcelona beat almeria 4 - 0 at the nou camp in la liga on wednesday night .  leo messi opened the scoring for the catalans with the first of his two goals .  marc bartra doubled the lead with a similar left - footed strike on 75minutes .
the canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from .  each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item .
chris gayle is currently in india ahead of the ipl tournament .  the 35 - year - old uploaded an instagram picture behind the dj decks .  gayle will be hoping to win royal challengers bangalore ' s first - ever ipl crown this year .
steve clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline .  his team were narrowly beaten by arsenal in the fa cup semi - final .  mesut ozil and alexis sanchez were bought for a total of more than 70million .  clarke has been away from the cut - and - thrust of football ' s elite since he was sacked by west brom .
mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train .  the 36 - year - old had planned a move to newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting .  but she changed her mind months before her death , the inquest heard .  she had spent time as an inpatient at carlisle ' s carleton clinic .  after she was discharged , she was supported by psychiatric nurse clive guyo .
five - month - old elijah suffers from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy ( sma ) doctors say he probably won ' t live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness .  born strong , he ' s now ' very floppy ' , and doctors are refusing to wallow in their sadness .  the parents were motivated to start a 30 - item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away .
tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao are on sale on thursday .  tickets will be on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling .  mayweather  s promoter bob arum said there ' s too much at stake for the plug to be pulled .  the vast majority of the 16 , 500 tickets were always destined to be parcelled up between the two promoters .
measurements made by the european space probe philae , which landed on comet 67p in november , show the comet ' s core isn ' t magnetised .  some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders .
ben sunderman , 19 , who has down syndrome , waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites .  he rushes a goal of getting a job off his list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video .  with hugs , laughs and excitement all around , he freezes with shock as he takes in the news .
the man was spearfishing off the jupiter inlet , a hot spot for fishing .  he was bitten on the right side of his head as well as his back and torso .
andrew steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife , 39 - year - old ashlee steele , and her sister , kacee tollefsbol .  steele was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june .  in a stream - of - consciousness letter written by steele the day before the murders , steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister - in - law .
edward fride , the pastor at christ the king in ann arbor , michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license .  he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant there had been a  significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response  his letter was called  we  re not in mayberry anymore , toto  in a reference to the andy griffith show set in a north carolina town in the 1960s .
choupette is a three - year - old birman cat and the pride , joy , and slightly disturbing obsession of lagerfeld  or  daddy  as he calls himself when talking to his pet .  she is so famous she has notched up over 100 , 000 followers on twitter and instagram , boasts a wikipedia entry and doesn  t get out of her bed for less than a million quid .
olivier rousteing has revealed he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain campaign .  the 29 - year - old creative director says they are ' among the most talked - about people ' and embody the idea of a modern family .  he says he was inspired to feature the couple - who have a 22 - month - old daughter north - in the label ' s spring / summer 2015 men ' s campaign .
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault .  the 22 - year - old goaded officers by sharing photographs online .  he was eventually arrested in november in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations .  he has now been jailed for eight months after spending less than five months behind bars .
previously unseen letters show brooke ' s short - lived relationships with various women before he died in april 1915 .  king ' s archivist patricia mcguire said that brooke was ' promiscuous even for a man of his time ' and carried on with relationships with multiple girlfriends .  letters are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands .
culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield children from easy access to hardcore online pornography .  he promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the uk as well as abroad .  ministers have already persuaded internet service providers to start contacting all 19million uk households connected to the web .
students from zeta beta tau at both the university of florida and emory university in atlanta , georgia , have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex - servicemen during the warrior beach retreat in panama city on april 17 .  the event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families .  but instead of being acknowledged for their service , some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off
the new ' i ' m a celebrity .  .  .  get me out of here ! ' maze is now open to the public .  new bush tucker trials invite both young and old ' non - celebrities ' to climb through ' pipe of peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves .  there are gold stars to be won , quizzes with slimey punishments and 56 mph wind to face before contestants can be crowned king or queen of the jungle .
the 44 - year - old recently hosted coverage of the boat race .  she said it was ' exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay .  she married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year .
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .  manchester city are on the lookout for a new manager .  brendan rodgers is also under pressure at liverpool .
attorneys for brown ' s parents , lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr .  , filed the lawsuit at the st . louis county courthouse on thursday .  the lawsuit is seeking $ 75 , 000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order preventing the use of police techniques ' that demean , disregard , or underserve its african - american population ' .
brett peter cowan was convicted of the murder of 13 - year - old daniel morcombe in 2014 .  cowan received a life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager ' s body in 2003 .  cowan ' s lawyers will file an application to have chief justice disqualified from hearing his appeal , citing a potential bias in the case .
the prince is due to arrive in australia on the 6th april .  the 30 - year - old will take part in ' indigenous engagement ' programmes .  he will be joined by governor general sir peter cosgrove .
chelsea beat chelsea 1 - 0 at loftus road on sunday .  branislav ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter .  qpr are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident .
natalie bennett ' s profile has soared in recent months , buoyed by rising poll ratings and green party membership in england passing 60 , 000 for the first time .  the proportion of students who dislike her has doubled since september to 24 per cent , although ukip ' s nigel farage remains the most unpopular .
the 43 - year - old rhino was stripped of his horn for his own safety .  he was moved from a zoo in the czech republic in december 2009 .  it had been hoped the move would encourage them to breed .  but all attempts have been unsuccessful and the rangers fear it won ' t be enough .
rev .  sharpton preached at the charity missionary baptist church in south carolina on sunday morning .  elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance and south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton speak .  the civil rights leader denied scott ' s family barred him from attending his funeral because it would cause a ' circus ' of media attention .
a snowboarder in japan ' s chiisagata district can be seen decked out in purple holding a selfie stick at arm  s length .  as the chairlift adjusts the camera , he is oblivious to the camera swinging into view behind .  the final indignity sees the boarder fall to the ground while still filming himself .
patricia ebel , 49 , was driving her 10 - year - old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her luxury black bmw 5 - series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples , florida .  ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field - sobriety - tests administered by collier county sheriff  s deputies .  she is facing dui charges including driving with a . 15 - or - greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car .
lint - free and tear - resistant paper cones can be life - savers in many other situations .  they are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home but paper cones have a myriad of other household uses .  here femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers .
richard hammond has released a video documenting his ' bored ' lifestyle .  the 45 - year - old ' s top gear future has been in doubt since jeremy clarkson ' s unceremonious sacking .  the video follows hammond as he takes his dog to buttermere in the lake district to learn how to herd sheep .  it comes after james may , also in the top gear presenting trio , released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life .
c .  j . miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 to open second overtime .  pacers have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at memphis on the final night of the regular season .  los angeles lakers beat phoenix suns 112 - 93 in la ' s final regular - season game before the playoffs .
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman - streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts .  she can only perceive light and dark when she ' s not wearing her specs and ' has no vision at all without her glasses ' .  when abby saw her school photo , she immediately saw that her child ' s smile was strained and said it was because abby ' couldn ' t see ' .
delone ' martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , arrested in connection with alleged rape in troy , alabama .  hundreds of people are seen watching without attempting to intervene .  footage was uncovered on a cell phone during unconnected investigation .  one man is heard saying , ' she isn ' t going to know , ' before putting his hand inside her bikini bottoms .
jessica bialek returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank .  the 37 - year - old was last seen by her family when she left home to walk to a bank on wednesday morning .  police have confirmed the mother - of - one was safe and at home with a post on his facebook page .  she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance .
marc tierney is set to announce his retirement on thursday .  the 29 - year - old fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in september 2013 .  tierney was set for a call up to the republic of ireland squad prior to his injury .
colin shearing , 70 , failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced .  he was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail to ' put personal matters in order ' .  court heard he crossed the channel and booked a room at hotel des nation .  he then moved to a second and third in a bid to stay one step ahead of police .  he twice assaulted the girl more than 20 years ago and was sentenced to three years prison in his absence .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 3 - 0 in their champions league clash .  luis suarez scored his second of the night to give barcelona the lead .  zlatan ibrahimovic missed the game through suspension .
pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone .  they found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation .  this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars .  however , further research is needed to confirm that is the case .
the 3 , 700 sq ft three - bedroom home , dubbed ' pv14 , ' boasts a 1 , 400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake .  architect matt mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home .  gooden said the designers wanted people to know what they were standing in when they stepped into the home .
louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago .  worked as a teacher at the international school in sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close .  she is now hiding in a shelter with her youngest children , miriam , 11 , and ayesha , nine , amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them .  britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country , but fear they will not return .
brian cassidy was picking up trash near the walmart in bangor , maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot .  he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and , realizing it was a sizable sum , they then contacted the police department .  officer dustin dow went to the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $ 4 , 000 as he cleared snow off his car .
stoke city have opened talks over a contract extension for in - demand goalkeeper asmir begovic .  the bosnian goalkeeper kept stoke in the game during a one - sided first half at the britannia stadium on saturday .  begovic is highly - rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs , including real madrid .
employing cheap labour from asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage .  extending au pairs on working holiday visas - who earn $ 250 a week as live - in nannies - to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months .  labor opposition leader bill shorten says foreign nannies are not the solution for increasing problems with the system .
transsexual kellie maloney underwent her final surgery last week .  the 61 - year - old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days .  she now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home .  she said : ' i am proud to be the woman and human being i should ' ve always been ' .
john chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography .  he has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia .
ramiul sheikh , 50 , was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal .  he scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge from the angry elephant .  footage was captured by frightened onlooker sushovon das on tuesday .
a new report has shown that truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60 - tonne rigs .  one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs on victoria ' s roads in the past year alone .  it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice .
daryl clark will take on his former team - mates at castleford tigers .  the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season .  warrington have won their last five home games against castleford .
kathryn beale , 41 , is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff .  she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits .  swindon council is claiming that between 4 , 000 and 5 , 000 women have used the service since it started in 2010 , the majority in britain .
gizelle laurente had booked her son , jacob , on a flight from darwin to brisbane , so he could spend easter with his father and younger brother .  jacob was not able to fly because it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child .  qantas said the pilot told her unless you buy a ticket and travel with your son he won ' t be flying .
more than 700 asiatic black bears have allegedly been butchered in the past year .  farmers claim the extinction - threatened bears are dying from disease and old age .  but sources say owners are killing them to ' extract the last ounce of blood ' and selling their body parts to make chinese medicine .  the vietnamese government faces a race against time to get them to a sanctuary in tam dao national park 120 miles away .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas - fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night .  the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on .  wichita falls officials first said that the eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main , 13 , 000 - foot runway .
john pat cunningham was shot by the army in a field in benburb , county armagh .  he was running away from an army patrol when he was shot .  a 27 - year - old suspect has now been arrested in england .
gabriel agbonlahor closes in on a return to first - team action .  the aston villa striker missed villa ' s semi - final victory over liverpool .  agbon .  ##or posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout .  the 28 - year - old will be hoping to return to action against manchester city .  click here for all the latest aston villa news .
keith macdonald , 29 , has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers .  he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he ' s split from the unborn child ' s mother .  macdonald , of county durham , says : ' there is no baby - it ' s not mine and i ' m single now ' .
floyd mayweather ' s fight with manny pacquiao is expected to draw revenue of around $ 400m ( 273m ) the referee will earn $ 10 , 000 ( 6 , 800 ) with kenny bayless and tony weeks both frontrunners .  mayweather recently revealed he was within three - and - a - half pounds of the welterweight limit .
the lowenbrau keller , in sydney ' s the rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ' wunderbra ' .  the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ' make mein a dubbel ' .  collective shout claim the ads reinforces sexual objectification .
chelsea beat stoke city 2 - 1 in their premier league clash on saturday .  eden hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy ' s winner .  the blues are seven points behind jose mourinho ' s premier league leaders .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country ' s hyper - violent gangs into the same prison for the first time .  incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .  in all 1 , 177 barrio 18 members were transferred .
gregory van der wiel says he ' s not interested in leaving paris saint - germain .  the full back had a spat with his boss laurent blanc after he was dropped .  the dutchman has been linked with barcelona star dani alves .
andy king scored his 50th goal for leicester city against west ham .  the 26 - year - old is joined by david nugent to celebrate his goal .  king thinks the momentum they are taking into the final eight matches of the season could be enough to propel them above the drop zone .
custom - built boeing 747 - 8 is one of the most luxurious private planes ever built .  it is believed to have cost 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications over a three - year period .  the jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon .  more sleeping space is provided in the ' aeroloft ' on the top deck of the plane , with eight full beds for passengers .
martin odegaard was pictured with former brazil international ronaldo .  the 16 - year - old has trained with carlo ancelotti ' s first team regularly .  odegaard joined real madrid for 2 . 3million in january signing a long - term 40 , 000 a week contract .
maickel melamed , 39 , has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move .  he walked the race with vamos , a volunteer team from caracas , as well as his physical trainers and dozens of friends and supporters who were there to watch him finish the race at 5am tuesday morning .
pep guardiola says his team ' s injury situation is ' critical , very critical ' .  mehdi benatia suffered a muscle injury against bayer leverkusen .  arjen robben and franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger are also sidelined .
peter tait is the headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset .  he said parents need to keep their distance and use their intuition to trust schools and teachers .  mr tait said such interference could end up hindering their natural development .
grey and white cat became stuck in a gap in two garages in hanham , bristol .  the rspca were unable to coax him out and were forced to chisel through the wall .  marv ' s tail and back legs were revealed and firefighters pulled him free .
saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby ' s salary caps rules as  a farce  the employee wage bill ballooned to 9 . 1m last year alone .  the rising costs facing the club are also a concern , with the wage bill leaping more than 50 per cent in three years .  saracens now owe 41 . 6m , according to new filings at companies house , much of it funded by an unsecured loan from long - standing benefactor wray .
a power outage temporarily blackened washington , d . c . this afternoon , interrupting a state department briefing and forcing the white house onto back - up generators .  traffic lights also went out in parts of the city .  the source of outage was not immediately known , but the department of homeland security has said there ' s no evidence of terrorism intent or terrorism related activity .
video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop .  then , as the photographer shows the third - grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background .  ' daddy ! ' joshua exclaims , as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug .
perth glory will be excluded from the a - league finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons .  the club were found to have exceeded the cap by around $ 400 , 000 this season .  ffa claims the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players over a three - year period .
rony john , 15 , died after jumping into river great ouse in hartford , cambridgeshire , despite being unable to swim .  coroner said she will write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education .
mark hawkins , 49 , was wanted in lane county , oregon , for failing to appear on charge of delivery of a controlled substance .  seconds later , he allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the large vehicle , prompting an exchange of gunfire , tear gas and the use of an armored car .  in incredible scenes , swat officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas at the bus in walmart , salem , oregon .
celtic beat st mirren 2 - 0 in paisley clash on friday night .  stefan johansen believes his side ' s title aspirations ' look great ' .  the norway midfielder scored celtic ' s second goal on 79 minutes .  ronny deila ' s side are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership .
officials at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point , maine , have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues .  i am jazz is a book about a child ' with a boy ' s body and a girl ' s brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender .  one mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit sean hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint .
dias costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders .  all of the men are currently in intensive care .
reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 per cent .  number of arrests fell by nine per cent , prompting critics to accuse police of not doing enough . comes after operation yewtree was sparked by jimmy savile ' s assaulting of dozens of children .
tara and gavin hills , from kanata , canada , have been anti - vaxxers for six years .  their seven children were partially vaccinated , but the four youngest ones got no shots at all , leaving them vulnerable .  mrs hills said she and her husband decided to stop vaccinating their children because they didn ' t trust the health care system .  the hills ' six sons and a daughter between 10 months and 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics .
tesla ' s fortunes changed suddenly in may 2013 when the company reported its first profit after an intense drive overseen by musk to address technical glitches yielded a sudden jump in model s orders .  musk proposed that google buy tesla for $ 6 billion and promise an additional $ 5 billion in factory expansions .
don mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ' do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at christie ' s on tuesday .  the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem .  the eight - minute - long song was released in 1971 and was a no . 1 u . s . hit for four weeks in 1972 .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport .  they were taken to a police station and put into prison despite being told they would not be detained .  the men were finally told earlier this week that they could return home to celebrate his first wedding anniversary with his wife on may 9 .
david luiz limped off after 35 minutes of psg ' s 3 - 2 win over marseille .  the brazilian defender could be a doubt for the champions league quarter - final .  psg face barcelona , bastia and barcelona in the first leg .  click here for all the latest paris saint - germain news .
leading king historian stuart wexler said the fbi chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth .  he said it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the fbi - but now we may never know what happened .  king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the memphis motel in memphis , tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement .
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas at the end of the season .  mirallas was one of everton ' s top performers in the first half of the campaign .  the belgian attacker has made no secret of his ambition to play in the champions league .
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview , texas on march 31 .  a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter , forcing her to empty the registers before making off with $ 400 .  afterwards , she was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job .
sandstorms caused havoc in saudi arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close .  strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption , which resulted in nearby dubai  s skyline almost disappearing and people suffering from respiratory problems .
floyd mayweather has earned more than $ 400million in his career .  the boxer has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years .  sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars , private jets and jewellery .
the 19 - year - old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback .  lexi , 21 , believes former victoria ' s secret model karlie kloss is comfortable with her social media persona .
raheem sterling , daniel sturridge , martin skrtel and simon mignolet made their way to anfield to present the new home strip .  the new balance struck a record - breaking 300million four - year kit deal to replace sister company warrior as liverpool ' s suppliers .  sterling was told in no uncertain terms by liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer on the day he was parading the club ' s new home kit .
antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment .  he took three lice , rolled them among the hairs of his calf , then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days .  on the seventh day , he counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice .  another great dutchman , johannes vermeer , was intent on his own more genteel studies in his house .
nathaniel clyne is stalling over a new contract at southampton .  the england right - back is yet to agree fresh terms at the end of the season .  manchester united , chelsea and liverpool are all interested in the 24 - year - old .  click here for all the latest southampton news .
marlon samuels had the chance to renew his feud with ben stokes .  the pair buried the hatchet on a day the west indies dominated .  west indies ended this fourth day on 202 for two , a lead of 37 .
' kick and kill ' vaccine could flush out dormant hiv hidden in white blood cells with a chemical ' kick ' , allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells .  the theory is based on a single patient case study .
cadbury chocolate fingers have come down by 11g - the equivalent of two chocolate fingers  reducing the number to 22 .  the move is the latest evidence of how the nation  s favourite brands and supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices .
between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u . s . fatal crashes decreased from 5 , 724 to 2 , 568 , per 100 , 000 people in the last decade .  new safety features in cars and graduate licenses restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities .
dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive avalanche struck nepal on saturday , killing more than 3 , 700 .  the 33 - year - old was given the letters by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he left .  his friends have since uploaded a crowdrise page in his memory , with all the funds going to relief efforts .
owners in huddersfield , west yorkshire , began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn .  neighbours have reported issues with drains , street - lights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and architrave .  family homes in lindley area of huddersfield have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of 250 , 000 .  married liz brindley , 31 , said : ' this was meant to be our first dream home , but it has turned into more like hell ' .
alan davey laid bare the difficulties of the station ' s top job in interview .  mr davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge .  he said : ' they were bringing high culture to a relatively mass audience ' .  station has been accused of ' dumbing down ' in the past , especially after a drive in 2011 to make it more ' accessible ' to a wider audience .
keepers at the columbus zoo say ten - year - old irisa had mated before but never conceived .  this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets .  while the birth on tuesday morning went smoothly , irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand - reared in an incubator .
cryos international is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando , right next to the university of central florida .  donors are allowed to remain anonymous , and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $ 750 per month .  cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 u . s . states and 80 countries across the world .
bayern munich face bayern munich in the champions league quarter - final .  pep guardiola ' s side are hot favourites to reach the last four of europe ' s elite competition .  porto coach julen lopetegui has asked his team to call on ' ambition and imagination ' to cause an upset .
ermias ghermay is thought to have made 72m with mered medhanie from smuggling in the last two years .  he was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships , a problem that causes them to capsize .  a second trafficker , an eritrean , also known as the general , also showed callous disregard for the plight of his ' customers ' .
dr xiao - ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades .  she prescribes a bespoke course of vitamins - 24 tablets a day for two weeks .  the herbs may be drunk as a tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet .  dr zhai says she has brought more than one thousand babies into the world .
hannover fired coach tayfun korkut on monday after 13 games without a win .  frontzek has been named as his successor , signing a contract valid for the remaining five matches of the season .  the 51 - year - old is returning to the bundesliga as coach for the first time since 2011 .
sgt .  george hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children , barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home .  the officer ' s wife made the call , which was listed as a domestic dispute .  local police called in the charleston county sheriff ' s department , the crisis negotiations team , swat , and bomb squads to assume responsibility of the situation .
xiao zhengti , now five , was born with a congenital liver disease .  he had to have his first major surgery at just nine months old .  mother yang haiying donated part of her liver to try and save him .  but the boy ' s body rejected the organ , leading to repeated trips to hospital .
brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , appeared on today ' s this morning .  the trio all live together and share a super king - sized bed .  brooke said there ' s no jealousy between them as they are all in love .
the 51 - year - old bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million .  the duplex has five bedrooms , five - and - a - half bathrooms and two kitchens .  floor to ceiling windows offer panoramic views of the city , and 11 - ft high ceilings make the interior open and filled with light .
tony pulis insists he has been told any takeover will not drag on .  west brom chairman jeremy peace is open to offers for the baggies .  baggies face liverpool in the premier league on saturday .
olivia palermo has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london to design a limited edition handbag .  the british heritage brand has stepped up its game a notch for its latest venture .  pippa middleton and victoria beckham are both being long term devotees .  the profits of the sale of this handbag go to adcam , a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiative .
whole pantry founder belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer .  the australian women ' s weekly said she was not paid for her interview .  ms gibson ' s business empire in tatters and her online community was destroyed last month .  the weekly insists it did not pay for the story and that it was approached by a ' dr phil ' .
the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118 - year history .  it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the charles river , and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street .  the wreath , and other historic items from the race , will be on display when runbase opens later in april .
michael olsen , 52 , from dartford , kent , was challenged by pcs mark bird and robert wilson after abandoning his car in the middle of the road .  when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson ' s head .  they were able to restrain and arrest him , where they found a bag of bullets in his pocket .  pc bird said : ' i felt a really sharp pain , like someone pushing a knife through and then pulling it out again ' .
billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear ' s home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june ' s daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom .  since then billy hasn ' t been seen and he isn ' t returning any phone calls or texts .  the family ' s popular reality show , here comes honey boo boo , was cancelled by tlc after photos emerged of shannon spending time with convicted child molester mark mcdaniel .
newcastle owner mike ashley has been urged to invest in the club .  thousands of fans stayed away from sunday ' s defeat by tottenham .  the official attendance of 47 , 427 is understood to include many season ticket holders who did not attend .  mark jensen , editor of online fanzine www .  themag .  co . uk , fears longer - term consequences .
almost half of 1 , 000 british companies said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight .  among the reasons were that overweight workers ' are unable to play a full role in the business ' , ' they ' re lazy ' and ' they wouldn ' t be able to do the job required ' .  findings come in the wake of a european court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder karsten kaltoft .
jenna louise driscoll charged with three counts of bestiality .  the 25 - year - old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead .  she fronted brisbane court on saturday for failing to appear in court .  police found videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog .
nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the us women ' s national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the us flag .  the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to canada who will be hosting the tournament .  nike ' s vice president of north america communications has defended the decision , saying ' not every team pays homage to the flag ' .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 in their premier league opener on tuesday .  thiago alcantara scored the first goal of the game in bayern ' s win over porto .  gary neville has spoken about how paul scholes was once among that small group of players who could dictate a game simply with the accuracy of their passing .  andrea pirlo and xavi are two more from scholes ' generation .
hannah campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture , leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care .  she was blinded in one eye , her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered .  as she struggled to recover , her relationship broke down with long - term partner and lexi - river  s father anthony mcmorrow , who proposed to her on valentine  s day last year .
kate , 33 , is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days .  william ' s wife has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother .  parenting blogger emily - jane clark has compiled a list of ways to cope with caring for two kids under the age of two .  they include avoiding a double buggy , buying blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people .
chinese property conglomerate dalian wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of atletico madrid .  the purchase was formalised at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday .  wanda group chairman wang jianlin hopes to grow atletico ' s brand in asia .
serena williams beat camila giorgi 7 - 6 , 6 - 2 on the clay in brindisi , italy .  the world no 1 is now 15 - 0 for her career in fed cup .  williams improved to 19 - 0 this year and can compete for the fed cup trophy next year .
putin will consider any attempt to return crimean peninsula to ukraine as declaration of war .  will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of region .  disturbances are thought to involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in estonia , latvia and lithuania .
more than 730 , 285 , 285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r / thebutton thread on april fool ' s day .  only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ' flair ' .
sean dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during burnley ' s first season back in the premier league .  the clarets are second from bottom with just six games remaining .  burnley boss says another manager has urged him to ' move with the times ' and instruct his players to seek out decisions .
karen catherall , 45 , was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys .  the pair had been drinking at the pub when she returned to her home .  jeffreys , 47 , was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february .  but call handlers failed to alert police when she called on september 13 .
ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today .  asked what seven times six equals , labour  s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause .  he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q & a after he revealed he still relies on his mother - in - law for help with maths .
barcelona threw away a two - goal lead away to sevilla in the la liga .  real madrid have a fully fit squad for the champions league clash .  parma beat serie a leaders juventus 1 - 0 at the stadio ennio tardini .
nbc sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom , which turned into a series of let - downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering .  but the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash , u . s . - iran diplomacy , and domestic politics .  snl writers joked that cnn ' s animations look like they belong in 1985 .
bobby zamora opened the scoring for qpr with a 25 - yard strike from a narrow angle .  charlie austin headed qpr ' s second goal of the game on the 35th minute .  qpr went in 3 - 0 ahead at half - time thanks to eduardo vargas in the 58th minute .
photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower .  the annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2 , 700 years but is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour .  mr whipps , a 50 - year - old meteorologist , said : ' i was out photographing the sky and saw the meteor , which was amazing ' .
captain robert lewis , co - pilot of the enola gay b29 bomber , wrote a letter following the bombing .  he wrote : ' if i live a hundred years i ' ll never quite get those few minutes out of my mind ' .  documents used to plan the dropping of the world ' s first atomic bomb on august 6 , 1945 , in a bid to end the second world war .
joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds .  the 30 - year - old mother , who is pregnant , admitted the thefts between march 2013 and february 2014 at newcastle crown court .  she was given a nine - month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just 1 under the proceeds of crime act as she has no assets .
radamel falcao and sergio aguero appear in a promo video for sponsors puma .  the south american duo feature in the ' head to head ' production .  the video is met with fans cheering , dressed in the team ' s colours .  manuel pellegrini ' s side travel to old trafford to face real madrid on sunday .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
phillip buchanon was a first - round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 .  he discussed the incident in his recently released book new money : stay rich .  ' if my mother taught me anything , it ' s the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child , ' he wrote in an exclusive excerpt released to fox sports .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton beat blackburn rovers 2 - 1 .  the 19 - year - old has not been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of ronald koeman .  gallagher is hoping to end the barclays under - 21 premier league strongly .
lily sharp took the steps to make the prank as convincing as possible .  she began by convincing her mother she had allowed a stranger to enter their home .  she then plays on her mother ' s fears by pretending the intruder had her phone , telling her that the kidnapper would require 4000 for her return .
jamelia , 34 , said she was ' hounded on twitter ' after airing views on show .  mother - of - two now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 .  ' of course i don ' t think we should ban plus - size clothes from shops , ' she said .  co - panellists , ruth langford , coleen nolan and janet street porter , were quick to leap to her defence .
dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying at sunderland beyond the end of this season .  the 67 - year - old has signed a nine - game deal with the black cats .  he celebrated his first home match with a 1 - 0 victory over newcastle last week .
the video shows how angelo west , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john moynihan , 34 , under the eye at close range .  west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street .  the boston police department described his current condition as ' serious but improving ' .
olivia grant visited koh phangan , an island off ko samui , and did a week - long meditation and yoga course .  she did yoga at sri panwa  s cool spa , which offers 360 degree views of cape panwa .  dj norman cook was performing at a nightclub called seduction that evening .
patrick bamford is on loan at middlesbrough for the season .  the 21 - year - old scored one and made one in boro ' s 2 - 1 victory over wolves .  bamford has just over a year left on his deal at middlesbrough bridge .
tracey taylor , 34 , caused more than 13 , 000 worth of damage to luxury cars .  she attacked her ex - fiance and his new girlfriend ' s bmw earlier that day .  two days later she broke in through the front door and hit him on the ear .
the two chimpanzees , currently living in a lab at stony brook university , are the first animals to be granted the same rights as human prisoners .  a new york judge has granted the writ of habeas corpus , allowing their detention to be challenged .  a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition that chimps hercules and leo are ' unlawfully detained ' .
stefan stoykov , a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , moved to the us as an eight - year - old when he could not speak a word of english .  now 18 , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet and admits he can hardly believe it .
deanna rudison , 55 , has been charged with aggravated battery .  police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two cohen high school students .  the two girls were taken to the hospital to be treated for a suspected exposure .
kibulu the african lion cub was fostered as a three - week - old cub at zambi wildlife retreat in western sydney .  his mother had rejected him in favour of his siblings and zoo keepers .  the retreat is home to 23 lions , tigers , monkeys , dingoes , parrots , rescued farm and domestic animals from all over australia .
prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra .  he made a beeline for a 12 - year - old boy with a banner saying ' redheads rule ' .  the prince , who is in australia to report for official military duty , has declared ' selfies are bad ' .
newcastle beat sunderland 1 - 0 at the stadium of light on sunday .  ryan taylor scored the winner with a superb free - kick .  taylor has been a fan during three of the last four derby defeats .
warning for a tsunami as big as one metre ( three feet ) forecast to hit islands in japan ' s far south after a 6 . 6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern taiwan .  witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital .  live footage from coastal cameras showed sea levels had not risen in several harbours within the warning zone .
lisa courtney , of hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia .  the 26 - year - old has amassed so many during her 17 - year hobby .  her mother had to move to the smallest room in their house to make room for her vast array of cuddly toys , models , clothing , flannels and posters .  lisa clinched the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon memorabilia in 2009 when she had 12 , 113 items .
hillary rodham clinton will testify in public about the 2012 benghazi terror attacks on americans in libya .  the move will set up a high - profile showdown over clinton ' s use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state .  south carolina republican rep .  trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before june 18 .
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva .  the alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home .  the child ' s body has now been taken for post - mortem to establish the cause of death .
remmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion .  initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd .  but when the piercing became inflamed , her ear healed into a hazelnut - sized scar known as a keloid scar .
jose mourinho admits chelsea have made a bid for yoshinori muto .  the 22 - year - old would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer .  muto admits it is an ' honour ' to receive an offer from chelsea .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ' the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u . s . professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia .  the world health organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .
mitchell moffit and greg brown , from toronto , present an online science show .  several theories suggest that where you are in your family determines who you are .  first - born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious .  middle children tend to be co - operative and are more likely to be social butterflies .
sweet cakes by melissa klein and her husband aaron refused to make a wedding cake for two years ago because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons .  the kleins were able to raise more than $ 100 , 000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating gofundme ' s terms of service .  the bakery must pay up to $ 150 , 000 and the judge ' s friday decision will be approved or amended by state labor commissioner brad avakian .
proud aussies came together in huge numbers in sydney , while more paid their respects in sydney ' s regional and coastal towns of gympie and coolangatta .  tens of thousands also assembled at melbourne ' s shrine of remembrance , despite cold and wet conditions .  the gallipoli peninsula in turkey prepared to receive more than 10 , 000 people to its shores on anzac day .
karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died .  islanders claim the death from pneumonia prompted the investigation .
andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , lost more than three stone .  she hit her target weight in december 2014 , shrinking from 14st to 10st 5lb .  her husband ' s colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model at a christmas party when they failed to recognise her .
harry kane was the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days .  the last time he failed to hit a shot on target in the premier league was on december 6 against crystal palace .  kane ' s pass completion rate was the worst of any spurs player except goalkeeper michel vorm .
cracks in the structure of the west stand were spotted on tuesday morning .  northern ireland played at windsor park on sunday evening , beating finland 2 - 1 in euro 2016 qualifying to stay second in group f . only the west and north stands , which hold around 4 , 000 and 6 , 000 spectators , currently remain with the east and south stands demolished .  the project will increase the capacity of a ground first opened in 1905 from 14 , 000 to 18 , 000 .
arsenal are the form team in europe at present , winning 10 games out of their last 11 , including seven in a row .  olivier giroud selected coldplay ' s ' every teardrop is a waterfall ' as his selected track .  nacho monreal opts for dance dj legend david guetta ' s lead single from his sixth album ' dangerous ' .  laurent koscielny may prepare for defending at turf moor by listening to ' happy ' by pharrell williams .
second - hand car dealer neil tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford ' s famous model t . the model t is the first affordable mass - produced car and is one of around one a week on the market .  mr tuckett says his customers love the car because they don ' t require road tax or an mot and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car .
thomas piermayr has been training with blackpool this week .  the 25 - year - old is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge .  his friend jamal maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx .  witnesses rushed over to the teenagers , both 17 , after the accident .
thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder .  the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said .  investigators said he faked pictures of the black man ' s death to help build a case against three klan members who worked at a florida prison .
ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the families who had to pay extra to get their documents back from the passport office .  by mid - june there were more than half a million passports stuck in the system .  the biggest single payout was 5 , 463 , 066 , giving an average sum of 92 . 68 .  ministers agreed to give urgent cases a free upgrade to the fast - track service .
andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb .  he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash .  flower has no wish to get involved at england senior level again or become entangled in the politics .  kevin pietersen is back playing cricket for surrey in the hope of winning back a test spot in the england side .
bridget olinda garcia , 32 , from port st . lucie , florida , had confiscated her 13 - year - old ' s mobile phone and was preparing to leave their home with his three siblings .  after bundling his siblings into her car , garcia started reversing down her driveway , when the teen jumped on the hood .  the teenager fell off and injured his hip , right knee and foot , police say .  garcia is charged with child abuse for the incident .
danny welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with england .  daniel sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face arsenal .  martin skrtel and steven gerrard begin three - match suspensions .
jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from social network .  most claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . now twitter has confirmed its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
manuel pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at manchester city next season , according to gary neville .  the former manchester united defender has been critical of city in recent weeks .  neville believes keeping faith in the chilean would bring some much - needed stability to the etihad stadium .
st patrick ' s parish in stephensville , wisconsin said in a statement that the original pig rassle will be replaced this august with a human mud foosball tournament .  global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs .  it garnered more than 81 , 000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event .
police response times have increased by up to 50 per cent because of funding cuts .  labour ' s shadow home secretary yvette cooper claimed the victims of crime were being put at risk .  in bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes .  the number of police officers across england and wales has fallen by 17 , 000 since 2009 .
nigel farage says he gets an ' unbelievably ' positive welcome when he meets black people .  but he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly .  mr farage said the idea that ukip is racist is based on ' no evidence whatsoever ' .
dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto .  posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design .  her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father who was shot dead near the kremlin .
the harewood arms in wakefield , west yorkshire , has publicly revealed its support .  the pub is running a ' save the pub ' campaign in the run up to the election .  landlord matt eason wrote on facebook : ' we believe in a lot of policies ukip stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support ' .
dr nadeem azeez , 52 , is thought to be in pakistan but charged with manslaughter .  fellow anaesthetist dr errol cornish , 67 , is also accused of corporate gross negligence .  maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust is also charged with offence .  frances cappuccini died within hours of her second son  s birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood .
dashcam footage shows a giant st . bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind .  it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind .  as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash .  another pedestrian is seen on the roadside but he doesn ' t appear to be overly fazed by the scene .
dina amos - larkin was attending a sports festival in salou , spain .  the 21 - year - old law student fell 50ft from a hotel balcony .  she was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago .  a gofundme page has since been set up to raise 20 , 000 for her insurer .
michael essien ' s 75 , 000 range rover vogue was stolen from his home .  burglars targeted the property in cobham , surrey , and made off with the 4x4 .  the ghana midfielder left chelsea to join ac milan in january 2014 .
skywest airlines flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut .  the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure on wednesday .  three passengers on board lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy .  but an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics .
the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9 . 45am on friday in yuma , arizona .  they were flown by a u . s . marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital , where they were pronounced dead .  detectives believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and don ' t suspect foul play .
nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past . the 44 - year - old looked particularly glamorous on her way to bbc ' s andrew marr show .  she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper in the run - up to the scottish parliament election in 2007 .
everton drew 1 - 1 with swansea at the liberty stadium on sunday .  roberto martinez conceded the penalty that allowed swansea to pinch .  jonjo shelvey equalised for swansea in the 69th minute .
lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in queens , new york .  the married mother - of - two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness .  witnesses told the new york post ' s page six that she refused to hug boss camille edwards and told her : ' you are the reason i am standing in this church ' .  edwards is feared at the station , where she has been nicknamed ' camevil ' .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders was forced into a humiliating climbdown after a jury threw out the case against three sun journalists and one former daily mirror reporter .  prosecutors and police pointed the finger at the leveson inquiry and mps for whipping up a storm of hysteria over the work of the press .  decision sparked an ugly blame game as the architects of the 20million ' politically - motivated witch hunt ' turned against each other .
paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage .  when she became pregnant with her second child , she was warned the same mistakes would not be repeated .  she was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by c - section , but staff failed to ventilate her properly , which caused severe brain damage and caused severe damage .  ms mckay , from leyland , near preston , has been awarded 13 million in compensation , a 6 million care package for her daughter five years .
hernando rivera cervantes took the pictures as the colima volcano in mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava .  the 12 , 400 feet ( 3 , 800 metre ) high volcano , which first erupted in 1576 , is one of the most active volcanoes in mexico . small volcanic eruptions over the past 20 years have been protecting the earth from global warming .
todd kincannon , 33 , was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening .  a bond hearing is scheduled for tuesday evening .  an arrest warrant alleges that his wife , ashely griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car , ' squeezing it tight , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle ' .
ho chi minh city has seen 400 per cent growth as far as multi - millionaires .  hong kong is the highest - ranking american citiy on the list with 15 , 400 residents .  china is home to 26 , 600 multi - .  millionaires and the united states topping the list .
an unidentified male concert - goer has come under fire for wearing a t - shirt emblazoned with the words ' eat sleep rape repeat ' .  the snapshot was shared by jemayel khawaja , the managing editor for vice ' s music and culture channel thump .
tim mcnaughton is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot down a family friend before turning the gun on himself .  in february 2012 , tim was issued with a  shooter  firearm licence by the northern territory police .  the deaths are being investigated as a murder - suicide as it  s revealed a third man , lindsay hart , escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him .
adam deacon , 32 , of bethnal green , east london , appeared in court this morning .  a number of abusive tweets were sent from deacon ' s account from march 5 to december 19 , hammersmith magistrates ' court heard .  mr clarke said in 2010 he viewed mr clarke as a friend and after this point they fell out over work .  deacon was sectioned under the mental health act last month after being charged with possession of a machete in public .
gwyneth and chris martin are sharing equal custody of their two children .  tracey cox says that how the couple got it right is something we can learn from .  the couple always maintained their first and foremost priority is to make apple and moses happy .  the point is to let the children see there are no hard feelings and that you both have their best interests at heart .
yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala chose to wear gloves at old trafford .  gary neville described the city stars as a ' weed ' in the garden .  temperatures in the north west were unusually late for this time of year .
with just a bird , a gas lamp and a net , each morning , the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method , which was first practiced in 960 ad .  the stunning images were captured on the river li in guilin , china , by a russian photographer called viktoriia rogotneva .  the 45 - year - old , from st petersburg , was captivated upon visiting the fishermen in the town .
michael carrick wants to try his hand behind the wheel of an f1 car .  the 34 - year - old has enjoyed a renaissance this season .  carrick says he wants to emulate the legend ' s longevity .
the democratic presidential candidate and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary ' s bearing the clinton foundation logo - and matching dark blue shirts .  mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she ' ll hold a round table at a family - owned business this afternoon .  the former secretary of state was banking $ 300 , 000 for paid appearances before she ditched the speaking circuit for an offensive on the white house .
ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , in october .  they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months .  ranette was married at the time of a car accident in august 2013 .  she has a 21 - year - old son and daughter with the husband from whom she is now divorced .
groups such as california - based wings of rescue or south carolina - based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time .  the two non - profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year - on - year .  it ' s estimated that more than 4 million u . s . pets are euthanized every year .
jake malone met a woman calling herself ' rili ' on a social website 11 months ago .  she contacted mr malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit .  but after turning up at her company ' s address , he discovered the office had been closed for years .  he has flown more than 6 , 000 miles from vancouver to shenzhen , south china .  the pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months .
tim swiel spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term .  the 21 - year - old will return to harlequins on a full - time contract .
mohamed hamdin , 24 , appeared at downing centre court charged with indecent assault .  police say hamdin touched the 15 - year - old during the concert of u . s . rappers yg and ty dolla $ ign at enmore theatre in sydney ' s inner - west on australia day this year .  he will reappear again on april 28 at downing local court .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
between friday and sunday 5 , 629 migrants were picked up in the sicilian channel .  italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in europe .  160 , 000 made the journey last year , often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels .  nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya .
gerry sutcliffe says he knew stafford heginbotham ' flew by the seat of his pants ' in terms of the finances of the club but remains convinced that the fire was an accident .  the fire at bradford city ' s valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child ' s lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and then posted it to social media this week .  virginia  s portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama ' s federal lunch rules .
peter gale , 47 , was dismissed by nonsuch high school for ' unprofessional and inappropriate conduct ' two weeks ago .  he became the academy ' s first male head when he was appointed to the post 18 months ago .  school ' s governors failed to release any more details about his conduct .
jack grealish is renowned for keeping his stockings just above the roll of his shinpads .  the ireland under 21 international made his first premier league start against qpr on tuesday night .
the fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports .  officials found out isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot .  despite the new security increase , officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation .
anthony mann , 78 , sat quietly sobbing as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife janet at their home in nuneaton , warwickshire .  he was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at leamington justice centre today .  prosecution outlined how mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife ' s chest in a moment of impulse .
the men ' s clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping russia .  move comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war .  the reference to ' polite ' is a phrase used by russians to justify their takeover of crimea , a region of ukraine , last year .
typed order sent by german president karl doenitz is being auctioned for 21 , 000 .  seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested that day .  doenitz met with allied commanders to sign the instrument of surrender .  but a week later , amid a crumbling and defeated reich , doenitz sent a telex message to his commanders in the field informing them of the immediate surrender ' to save as many people as possible for germany ' .
co - authors of ' bubba yum yum : the paleo way ' have spoken out in defence of pete evans ' decision to release the book independently .  the cookbook was supposed to be released last month before being cancelled over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth .  the pair did address the ' happy tummy brew ' recipe which attracted criticism for it ' s ingredients , claiming they have added more vitamin c to the formula .
alan stubbs feared there would have been crowd trouble if he ' d agreed to have his side form a guard of honour for city rivals hearts .  hibs boss robbie neilson and jambos defender alim ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the championship title winners .  stubbs insisted that the threat of unrest  not a lack of respect  was responsible for the decision .
general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , sent a letter saying he regretted that he ' added to the grief ' of debbie lee , whose son marc was killed in ramadi on august 2 , 2006 .  the 28 - year - old , the first navy seal to die in iraq , was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily - contested city .
vince cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again .  ' i ' m regularly voted their least popular cabinet member , ' he says .
nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio .  the 32 - year - old is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week .  adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in liverpool with her 51kg category also including lisa whiteside .
marc - andre ter stegen has failed to make his la liga debut since joining the club .  the 22 - year - old is yet to feature for barcelona in the champions league .  the german international is confident of his ability to impress manager luis enrique .  barcelona face paris saint germain in the first leg of the quarter - final .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second - degree murder in the death of his wife , 42 - year - old kelly .  her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity .  kelly ' s brother , ron prouty jr , told him he hoped he ' rotted in hell ' during the sentencing .
wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short , boho , quirky traditional and more .  many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their wedding outfit .  when kate middleton married prince william in 2011 , she opted for an elegant lace gown by sarah burton for alexander mcqueen .
former world no 1 amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august . the 35 - year - old will be heavily pregnant as she guides murray through wimbledon .  murray , 27 , marries long - time fiancee kim sears on saturday .
newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against mike ashley .  at least 10 , 000 supporters stayed away from st james ' park for the club ' s last home game against spurs .  newcastle announced record profits of 18 . 7million earlier this month .  fans have also been asked to take part in peaceful protests outside sports direct stores .
one of the muslims ordered him to stop , saying : ' here , we only pray to allah ' .  when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned .  italian police arrested 15 people suspected of killing the refugees .
the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 .  the girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels .  some chinese social media users criticised organisers for making them strut along the side of a mountain .
sarah foot has been swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk .  she says her affair with open water began after a local swimming pool closed down .  she ' s not one of those athletic people who swim through the water with a sleek , racing crawl .  hardy chap i read about recently , known as the  human polar bear  , who swims round icebergs in the arctic .
christian benteke led aston villa into the lead with a hat - trick in the 35th minute of the game .  benteke scored the opening goal in the 3 - 3 draw with queens park rangers in the premier league .  villa boss tim sherwood ' s side have won just one of their last five premier league games .
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city , south carolina , according to a report from the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives .  the 53 - year - old female victim was seen walking through the parking garage on april 4 shortly before she was grabbed and shot with a taser seven times .  she was told she was going to die by men in ski masks unless she handed over the code for the jewelry store safe .
steve davis will attempt to qualify for this year ' s betfred world championship .  reanne evans is a 10 - time ladies champion who previously competed on the main tour for the 2010 - 11 season .
eve stratford , 22 , was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home .  six months later , lynne weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped .  detectives have offered a 40 , 000 reward to bring their killer to justice .
lewis hamilton was fastest in first practice session for this weekend ' s chinese grand prix .  the mercedes driver was over half - a - second clear of mercedes team - mate nico rosberg in opening practice session .  ferrari boss toto wolff suggested ferrari ' s success was ' a wake - up call ' .
the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in indio , california , has been no exception to the outfits .  one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug .  celebrity offenders included paris hilton , who strutted around yesterday in clinging nude bodystockings .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off .  the mercury is predicted to soar to 21c ( 70f ) tomorrow , with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse .
england bowled st kitts out for 59 on the first day of their tour match .  alastair cook and ian bell were both retiring out .  the match was drawn , just about , and it should also have been hung and quartered .  the modern fixture madness will see england play 17 tests in the next 10 months makes proper warm - ups almost impossible .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6 - 4 , 7 - 6 in a last - 16 thriller in monaco . the frenchman will face grigor dimitrov in what should be an explosive quarter - final .
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla  or mango plum  after years of work with specialist growers in thailand .  it has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture .
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene revealed to be using a carrot - and - stick method with kimi raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the maranello marque high .  hamilton is yet to sign his new contract with mercedes .
john zelepos , 48 , of north stonington , faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring charges .  prosecutors said he diverted just over $ 567 , 000 from mystic pizza ' s gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members .  they say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income .
the suspect , who is described as hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of wagner street in del rey .  according to the victim ' s father , the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation .  the father then ran into the boy ' s bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting , authorities said .
philippe coutinho has been nominated for the pfa player of the season .  the brazil playmaker arrived at anfield for just 8 . 5million in 2013 .  he was handed his debut by rafa benitez as an 18 - year - old .
elite troops were called in from nairobi to aid in the pre - dawn massacre .  but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon , local media claims . critique comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the attack has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official . government representatives have defended the long response time , comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as ' they only remember the one you missed ' .
amy - beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three .  she landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy ' s baking year at just 14 .  the keen cook has a regular column in ok ! magazine and continues to supply other publications with tips and recipes .
labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped cloud above zuccoli - 25km southeast of darwin .  the mother of four told daily mail australia she couldn ' t believe her eyes when she saw the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works .  ' i couldn  t believe my eyes - it seems even mother nature has a sense of humour ! ' ms foster said .
corry ' corey ' campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the ' tattoo terrorists ' .  campbell believed the victim , greg valecce , had hurt his cat , pebbles .  he was staying in the basement of campbell ' s mother ' s house in mayfair , philadelphia , when he was beaten , tied to a chair , and covered in offensive tattoos
known as ' ogle - 2014 - blg - 0124lb , ' the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope in chile .  the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way .  if that foreground star happens to have a planet in orbit around it , the planet might cause a blip in the magnification .
a video shows four tourists catching a bronzer shark in new zealand .  one fisherman is dragged deep into the water from the water ' s edge .  as one person holds onto the line , a massive shark leaps out of the water less than two metres away .  as it is legal to fish , it has become a competitive sport .
david templeton spoke out about his former managers ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall .  the former hearts midfielder said templeton introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation .  mccall also had words of warning for lee mcculloch ' s red card against hearts could cost him his place in the ibrox line - up .
chris smalling was an unlikely goalscorer against city and neville had a zinger to match it .  co - commentator neville analysed the goal by saying : ' smalling has scored .  it ' s a mauling for city ' .
a house in narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged in the storm .  a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down .  authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties .  the ses has had over 11 , 000 calls for assistance across the state , and insurance companies have received more than 19 , 000 claims .
gary neville believes louis van gaal ' s greatest achievement is the making of jose mourinho .  the duo have been friends since they first worked together at barcelona for three years in 1997 .  neville says neville saysnho will be proud of his friend ' s achievements .  chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
maria twomey , 42 , became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways .  mother - of - four saw her weight increase while she was raising their children .  she eventually slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lb , and reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent .
cheryl rios , who runs go ape marketing , posted her views on facebook on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president .  ' with the hormones we have , there is no way [ a woman ] should be able to start a war , ' she wrote .
shaheen pirouz from denton , texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards .  footage shows him being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes immediately starting to close .  he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .
we are handsome to debut their first active swim range on tuesday night in sydney .  the models will include sjana earp , kate kendall , amanda bisk , juliet burnett , and lindy klim .  australian designers jeremy and katinka somers are rejecting traditional skinnier models in favour of strong , fit girls .
kim jong - un learned to drive when he was three and won a yacht race aged nine .  manual contains now mention of the country ' s history , instead devoting its chapters to minor  and questionable  details about kim jong un ' s childhood .  subjects include kim ' s incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he ' d even reached double figures .
alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston ' s recent post - match comments .  hibernian host hibs on the last day of the championship season .
jack grealish has become the third top flight star caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide .  the 19 - year - old starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi - final win over liverpool on sunday .  he has not been fined over the incident and will be in villa ' s squad for the trip to manchester city .
mike and susan fortuna , of shelburne , sued botox maker allergan , saying off - label treatment of their daughter , mandy , contributed to her death .  mandy fortuna suffered from cerebral palsy and was treated for spasms using botox injections for his leg spasms caused by botox .  their suit claims botox contacted dr . benjamin multiple times in the 2000s and urged him to use unsafe doses of botox for pediatric uses .
betty willis designed the ' welcome to fabulous las vegas ' sign in 1959 .  the 91 - year - old artist ' s often - copied sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip .  she has a t - shirt from san francisco with that city ' s name swapped for las vegas in front of the sign ' s recognizable shape .
the darwin man , aged just 42 , had reportedly been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died .  he was given cpr but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived , reportedly to the gym he owned .  phil won the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association  s southern hemisphere championships in the men  s class two division .
the money is paid to some 5 . 2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits .  critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits to ensure their staff earn enough to put food on the table without them having to raise wages .  the charity is campaigning for the adoption of the living wage - 9 . 15 an hour in london and 7 . 85 for the rest of the uk .
shannen hussein lives on a 30 - acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north - west of melbourne .  the 21 - year - old has spent her life hand - raising animals of all shapes and sizes .  her lamb winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral last year .  her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals ' unique behaviours .
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel on friday .  eighty guests fled the fire at the 119 - bedroom hotel , which featured in tv ' s inspector morse .  no one was hurt .  seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
jack grealish has been photographed inhaling nitrous oxide .  the 19 - year - old is the third premier league star to be pictured using the legal high after liverpool ' s raheem sterling , 20 , and saido berahino , 21 , were both pictured sucking from balloons .  sportsmail understands the teenager is ready to commit his international future to england .
andrew wood , 41 , from havant , hampshire , was arrested at orlando ' s hard rock hotel after being caught urinating into an ice machine .  a guest reportedly told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises .  wood became belligerent , began shouting and would not cooperate .  he was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail where he continued to act out .
voters for the scottish national party are more likely to opt for a light reading option ( a la 50 shades of grey ) instead of something more highbrow , labour are the most likely to try out their dance moves on holiday .
debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street .  the store has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire .  one 199 dress is described as a ' beautiful grecian inspired gown ' .
a man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole .  paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene .  another man has died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital .
adam johnson has been bailed to appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 .  the 27 - year - old has been charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a child .  sunderland chiefs held talks on thursday to decide johnson ' s future .  if found guilty , johnson faces a lengthy prison term .
a reddit user wrote a sarcastic resignation letter to their boss .  it ' s not known exactly where the letter is from , but the date is 4 / 24 / 15 .  the letter reads : ' i am sorry that my step - mother died so suddenly from cancer .  i am not a robot and was emotionally affected by her passing and had to miss work so that i didn ' t get anyone else sick ' .
patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to replace manuel pellegrini should the city board decide to make a change .  the spaniard is a strong contender to replace the under - fire manager .  city ' s first - choice managerial option remains current bayern munich boss pep guardiola ; director txiki beguirstain ' s trip to germany on tuesday .
marla mccants , 43 , from nashville , tennessee , was kidnapped by an ex - boyfriend and held hostage on last night ' s season finale of my 600lb life .  the mother - of - three refused to let medical professionals help her stand up for the first time in years .
the scottish professional football league has performed a u - turn by switching rangers - hearts ' tynecastle fixture to may 3 - 24 hours .  the decision was made after tv broadcaster sky decided to screen the match live but hibs hit out at the change .  all other championship fixtures will now be moved to 12 . 15pm to match the kick - off in gorgie .
' well you know , malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told abc news  s chief health correspondent , dr . richard besser .  the president said he can ' relate to .  .  .  the fear a parent has when your four - year - old daughter comes up to you and says , " daddy , i ' m having trouble breathing " .
alastair cook says england will leave antigua with ' a bit of a downer on ' .  the tourists were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch .  jason holder ' s unbeaten 103 steered the hosts to 350 for seven .
greenstone acts like a beacon to help messages move around so - called wireless mesh networks more easily .  it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple  s ios 7 called multipeer connectivity framework ( mcf ) it creates what  s called a wireless mesh network that connects phones to each other .
alex hales was unbeaten on 222 not out as nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven by stumps .  steven patterson , with two for 58 and jack brooks , two for 90 , returned the leading figures on a tough day for the defending champions .  hales passed three figures for the 10th time in his career , spoiling the return of andrew gale , back skippering yorkshire again after serving a four match suspension .
victor moses has been ruled out for the season with a hamstring injury .  the 24 - year - old has gone back to parent club chelsea for treatment .  stoke have opened talks with ligue 1 side evian over daniel wass .
sean jefferson , 45 , and elizabeth jowitt , 37 , decorated their flat with wreaths , lanterns , memorial slates and homemade toys .  some of the touching items were from the graves of babies , while others were from a gravestone of a grandmother who fought a battle against cancer .  the couple escaped a prison sentence but were given a 47 - week curfew and a restraining order banning them from cemeteries in the york area indefinitely .
george nagobads was visiting his wife ' s grave at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis when he was allegedly mugged by a snowbrush .  he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head .
duchess of cambridge ' s new arrival is expected to happen later this week .  the new arrival will have the run of a second nursery at kensington palace .  kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to anmer hall a couple of weeks ago .
erica leeder , 26 , was charged with assaulting a police officer at rockingham police station , about 50 kilometres south of perth .  the mother of three was arrested on an outstanding warrant , reportedly during a strip search .  she has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence .  leeder faces up to 18 months in jail as she already received a suspended sentence in 2012 for a similar assault charge .
youtube user richard stewart posted a video showing a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island .  the sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median .  a 31 - year - old driver was cited for the crash , leaving the car a totaled as it was towed away .
chris hala ' ufia halted laurence pearce with a shoulder charge .  the london welsh forward then shoved his head into the turf .  leicester beat leicester 38 - 17 in the aviva premiership on saturday .  leicester fought back from a shock 10 - 7 half time deficit to score 31 points .  captain ben youngs scored leicester ' s first try in the third minute .
the high there ! app is described as the world  s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts .  users share their interests and energy levels when using cannabis as part of their profile .  the app quickly became popular in new york , california and colorado , with 41 , 000 downloads in the first six weeks and it  s expected to a hit in the netherlands , spain , england and australia .
the collector  s paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years .  it comes complete with the original bathroom , kitchen , stained - glass windows and even the vintage cupboards .  the three - bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s fridges in the kitchen , a brick open - face fire and dated kitchen sink .
nearly 3 . 8million crimes were recorded by police last year , an increase of 2 per cent .  a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged  up by a third to 80 , 200 , or 220 a day .  experts say the rise was partly because victims were ' more willing ' to report sex crimes , including historical ones .
damian lewis takes the celebrity world by storm .  from hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family , we ' re loving the fiery - haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere .  many of us have nurtured secret crushes on those with bold barnets for years .
pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on sunday .  turkey told vatican it was ' deeply sorry and disappointed ' in pope francis .
detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and placed on administrative duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force .  the outburst was viewed more than three million times on youtube .  the driver , named only as humayun , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty .  the french men filmed themselves torching a native australian quokka on rottnest island on april 3 .  animal rights activists have claimed that the pair ' s punishment was too lenient for their crime .
yevhen shakhov scored the winner for dnipro to book a europa league semi - final place .  the belgian league leaders set the record for most europa league games unbeaten .  the stalemate took them to 11 without loss since the opening game of the group stage earlier this season .
fortnum & mason ' s chotch egg is the world ' s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg .  each set includes a white chocolate fried egg with four soldiers ready for diving .
scott keyes , a 28 - year - old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20 , 000miles on 21 flights .  along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service .  he decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from oaxaca , mexico , where he has lived for the past year .
candlestick park has been home to the san francisco giants and san francisco 49ers .  the area is now set to become houses , a hotel and a shopping center .  joe montana led the 49ers to four super bowls while playing at candlestick .
ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in ireland by conde nast traveller .  the five - star hotel has only 20 rooms on its 614 acre estate .  it boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms .
anderson silva says he is ' trying to give back to the sport ' in which he began his career .  the former ufc champion is considered one of the best pound - for - pound fighters in the history of mixed martial arts .  silva is a taekwondo ambassador and a black belt in the sport .
cheikhou kouyate has warned west ham must be ready to face a ' wounded animal ' at manchester city on sunday .  the barclays premier league champions have seen their title defence left in tatters following a run of four defeats in six matches .  west ham are also in need a pick - me - up , having seen victory slip through their fingers when stoke netted a stoppage time equaliser at upton park .
mass cremations have been taking place next to the bagmati river , the waterway which divides kathmandu .  mourning families attempt to give their loved one the honourable send - off so revered in hindu tradition .  scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground , as their relatives prayed for their souls .
carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england .  the aston villa midfielder has been on loan at west ham this season .  the 23 - year - old has played for ireland at youth level but can still play for the england senior side .  ireland boss martin o ' neill understood to be keen to include him in his plans for the friendly against roy hodgson ' s england in dublin this summer .
game is based on children ' s favourite whack - a - mole but players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl .  if the player misses the girl , she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies .  social media users reacted with horror when they first saw the game on the internet .
greg dyke was given one of a limited edition of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa during a fifa congress meeting in sao paulo .  dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa ' s official charity partner , breast cancer care .  after six months of legal wrangling dyke has relented and the item has been returned , while it is understood all of the watches will now be auctioned for a brazilian charity .
the four - metre long king cobra raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler billy collett .  the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake .  mr collett has been milking snakes for almost 10 years but has never extracted venom from a king cobra .
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home .  according to research , three - quarters of uk renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house .  this rises to eight in 10 for londoners , where house prices have risen by double - digits in recent years .
the white - cheeked macaque was discovered in the highland forests of south - east tibet after researchers set up camera traps .  it has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area .
paul gambaccini blamed presenters ' obsession with discussing sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings .  the 66 - year - old said : ' you don ' t disrespect the no 1 album , regardless of who it ' s by ' .  the chart show has had a presence on sunday nights in one form or another since the days of alan ' fluff ' freeman .
alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , ' what kind of man are you ? ' .  the # briefmessage campaign is an opportunity for women to share their feelings about machismo and violence in 2015 .  palombo says the response has been ' immediate and powerful ' .
tv channel e4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election .  specially - produced advert will be played featuring ' darren '  the man fictionally in charge of keeping the programme on air .  voters aged between 18 - 24 and 25 - 34 are by far the least likely to take part in elections , prompting fears politicians have given up trying to appeal to their concerns .
the australian vaccination skeptics network posted an image to their facebook page on thursday .  it shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture .  the image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by social services minister scott morrison earlier in april .  parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $ 15 , 000 a year for every child .
rolly robinson , 17 , from the blog beauty high , stars in theunique makeover clip , which sees him transform himself into a kylie jenner lookalike .
dr sameer patel has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ' desk diet ' .  some breakfast cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar .  inconsistent labelling means even the ' healthier ' brands can also be culprits .
in a candid interview with elle magazine , clinton said it is time the u . s . had a female leader .  chelsea clinton is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this sunday .
kent sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer harry marvin ' marty ' steinfeldt iii , who was shot outside a dallas - area convenience store in 2002 .  a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death by lethal injection .  he died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in texas this year .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
luigi arcuri , 73 , nikolic giuliano , 37 , and antonino ballistreri , 45 , sentenced to two years and eight months for conspiracy to defraud and possession of counterfeit currency .  they planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to a jeweller at a pre - arranged meeting , before placing it on the floor .  then , while a price was being agreed , the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes .
thailand ' s kiradech aphibarnrat won his second european tour title in shenzhen .  the 19 - year - old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par .  that left overnight leader li hao - tong two shots behind with two holes to play , only for what would have been a winning birdie on the last .
ben flower was sent off for twice punching lance hohaia in the opening moments of the super league final at old trafford .  the 28 - year - old was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of super league .  wigan coach shaun wane says he wants flower back ' a bit more aggressive and a bit fitter ' .
the adapted chair by sii deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award at the crystal cabin awards in hamburg , germany .
the jacksonville jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in london until 2015 .  the winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the uk and the nfl network in the united states .  it will mark the first time that any part of the nfl draft has taken place outside the us .  last year ' s draft attracted 45 . 7million viewers according to figures from the nfl .
corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect .  he endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life .  his greatest wish was for his parents jemma , 21 , and craig , 28 , to tie the knot .  staff at bristol children ' s hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside .
uk over - the - counter medicines market is worth 2 . 5 billion , says infectious diseases specialist dr chris van tulleken .
ap mccoy celebration chase will take place at sandown on saturday .  ap mccoy ' s last ever mount will be box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle .  his last race comes on mr mole in the grade one celebration chase .
toulon beat wasps 32 - 18 in the champions cup semi - final .  carl hayman admitted bernard laporte ' s men ' have a lot of work to do ' .  toulon will host leinster at marseille ' s stade velodrome on sunday .
gary gardner will report to aston villa for pre - season training .  the 22 - year - old scored a stunning free - kick against watford .  tim sherwood is keen to see gardner train day - to - day .
princess eugenie , 25 , looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of new york with a friend .  the british royal , who is currently working in new york , looked casually chic in a charcoal leather - trim coat and nike hoodie .
molly schuyler won the 72 - ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday .
michael david ikeler , 36 , was arrested april 9 and charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two - year - old girl .  the girl was found alone and naked in a parking lot at jim ' s burgers in gardena , los angeles , on april 2 .  ikela was switching the number plates , removing the tint and doing other cosmetic alterations like adding stickers .
royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope .  the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of the novelist and his life , including the first post box design .  red has remained the standard colour for uk boxes with only a few exceptions , one being blue post boxes for overseas mail .
neto is wanted by a number of top european clubs , according to his agent stefano castagna .  the brazilian ' s agent has revealed no decision about his future . neto represented brazil at the london 2012 olympics .
consultant peter wilson said ashya ' s chances of long - term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king  s decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here .  mr king , 51 , said it was too early to say he had been cured .
england have pulled out of the home nations international under 16 tournament .  the fa announced this week that england are pulling out with immediate effect in order to achieve a more varied fixture list . but it is understood this surprise move has been prompted by sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format .  sky  s price hikes involving all their programming since almost breaking the bank by committing 4 . 2bn to premier league football .
prime minister and outgoing leader of the commons will launch english manifesto .  centrepiece follows traditional scottish , welsh and northern irish manifestos .  expected to warn england risks being ' held to ransom ' by scottish nationalists .
tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop - work order .  owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management ' s offices .
dave king is back on the rangers board after being cleared by the court of session .  the south african - based businessman hopes to convince the sfa to pass him as ' fit and proper ' in the final stage of approval .  king won around 85 - per - cent shareholder backing to return to the club .
the video was filmed on a hot day in bali , indonesia .  it shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide , who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle to cool it down .  with bottle in hand , the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst .
lesean mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso .  mccoy says he doesn ' t think kelly ' s team has a college feel .  the buffalo bills travel to wembley this year to face the jaguars .  mccoy ran for 1 , 000 yards in four of six seasons with the eagles .
gareth bale wants to stay at real madrid beyond the end of this season .  bale has scored 17 goals for real this season but has still bee criticised by supporters .  carlo ancelotti has already gone on record as to how important he believes the welshman is to real madrid .  real madrid have also declared their interest in making david de gea the long - term successor to iker casillas .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
john foran ' s wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir - fry .  the 2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store .  iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation .
real madrid face rayo vallecano in the la liga on wednesday .  cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in the 9 - 1 rout of granada on sunday .  carlo ancelotti will have isco and james rodriguez available for the first time in two months since james broke a bone in his foot .
manchester city lost 2 - 1 to crystal palace in their premier league clash .  eliaquim mangala never made it off the bench for crystal palace .  glenn murray cost palace nothing when he joined from brighton in 2011 .
ed miliband says he will ' do what he likes come what may ' after election .  scottish first minister says he ' won ' t have the votes to say that he ' ll ' do ' . comes after he said he would not enter into any deal with the snp .  but ms sturgeon said : ' if it is a labour queen ' s speech , it will be a labour budget ' .  labour expected to suffer heavy losses in scotland - where it won 41 seats .
emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , from somerset , bought the cinema for just 1 , 200 in 2005 .  they spent 35 , 000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon over five years .  they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity .
harry kane could miss the under 21 european championship due to tottenham playing a friendly in malaysia .  the 21 - year - old striker has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games .  kane captained his side during sunday ' s 0 - 0 draw with burnley .
jonjo shelvey scored from 12 yards to rescue a point for swansea .  seamus coleman handled in the penalty box and then handled the ball .  roberto martinez called for a foul on seamus emnes .
david crossley , 63 , from birmingham , developed large kidney stones .  they were so large ( 6 mm across ) they could not be passed naturally .  they start causing pain - known as renal colic - once they travel down the ureter , the narrow tube that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder .  once on the move , a stone can take days or weeks to travel out of the body .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 in the champions league on tuesday night .  pep guardiola was purring at the club ' s first - half performance against porto .  the bayern boss said it was ' easy to love my players now ' .
women typically take and delete five pictures before they decide they like a selfie .  men are also guilty of taking multiple selfies before they post one they like .  itv ' s good morning britain show is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media under the hashtag # selfieesteem .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
frances bean cobain is the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple , courtney love and kurt cobain .
authorities raided lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana following tip - off .  customer called in cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing dog .  caged dogs in the kitchen , a decapitated puppy , were found in trash .  owner yu yu chou said : ' i admit to killing the dog , but the meat is for my own personal use , not for my customers ' .
william tyrrell disappeared from his grandmother ' s nsw mid north coast home last september .  the three - year - old ' s parents have begged for his return in a heart - wrenching video made seven months after he vanished .  the parents of the missing toddler have released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for their missing son ' s return .  ' we are perusing every lead that we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring , ' detective superintendent mick willing said .
doug gregory , 92 , popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck .  he suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance .  he was awarded the distinguished flying cross after surviving almost 70 missions .
the monument of british colonialist cecil rhodes is set to removed today .  it follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue .  it has been vandalised in recent weeks and has not yet been decided where it will be moved .  white afrikaner solidarity group afriforum handed a memorandum to parliament in cape town to ' demand protection ' for their heritage .
selena dicker , 38 , was at the same camp as google executive dan fredinburg , who died in saturday ' s avalanche .  she had been trying to raise 45 , 000 for operation smile , which provides surgery for children with the condition .  her mother gail dicker said : ' she ' s a very lucky girl .  i just want to see her home .  others in her group tried to out - run it and one of them seriously hurt ' .
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash .  a year before , he had walked her down the aisle to give her away .  he deliberately crashed their car and set it on fire so claire had no hope of survival .  it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - claire had in fact been murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance .  last year claire ' s story was turned into an itv drama starring claire smith .
chen yuntao , 38 , has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p .  the family are already in huge debt after son minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia .  the next course of therapy will cost between 400 , 000 and 500 , 000 yuan ( 43 , 600 to 54 , 600 )
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life .  he moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival , but decided to relocate back to new south wales after the tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent .
hans - wilhelm muller - wohlfahrt quit the bundesliga club this week .  the 72 - year - old quit the club after ' being blamed ' for the defeat .  pep guardiola has denied a rift with the former bayern munich doctor .  bayern lost 3 - 1 to porto in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman headed to florida after his motorbike broke down , police said on wednesday .  the woman didn ' t know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 , the report by volusia county beach safety officers said .  among his self - administered tattoos are the word ' brotherhood ' on his neck and the number ' 88 ' linked to neo - nazis .
west ham ' s season tickets will cost as little as 289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford next year .  co - chairmen david gold and david sullivan will use enhanced tv revenue to pass on savings to fans .  new tv deal starts in 2016 after sky and bt agreed to pay more than 5billion for domestic rights .  disabled season - ticket holders will also see a huge reduction , with prices dropping by up to 205 .
in a television interview , putin appeared to soften his anti - american rhetoric after being highly critical .  relations between moscow and washington have soured over the conflict in russia ' s neighbor ukraine , sinking to an all - time low .  he also made it clear that russia wants an end to fighting in eastern ukraine and is interested in rebuilding damaged ties with the united states and other western nations .
monaco host juventus in the champions league quarter - finals on wednesday .  leonardo jardim believes his side can reach champions league semi - finals .  monaco are bidding to overturn a 1 - 0 deficit from the first leg .  click here for all the latest monaco news .
giles clarke made a fool of himself during the wisden almanack launch .  clarke arrived upset that the new ecb regime had just sacked his england managing director appointment , paul downton , whom he had rashly called a ' man of great judgment ' .  clarke confronted guest speaker ehsan mani and sportsmail ' s lawrence booth during the dinner .  clarke  s nomination was supported by the ecb on thursday for him to become the first ecb president .
virgin australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the australian domestic network on wednesday .  the package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights .  virgin australia hailed the move as another step in its transformation into a full service airline .
ap mccoy will ride his last two races at sandown on saturday .  the 40 - year - old rider said he will never return to professional racing .  sir steve redgrave famously returned to success despite retiring and vowing never to return to action .  mccoy will be allowed to keep the champion jockey trophy handed over to him by ex - gunner ian wright .
pittsburgh - based pop - up store , less than 100 , has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap .  female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full .
ronnie o ' sullivan will play craig steadman in the first round of the betfred world championship .  defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday .  the tournament runs from april 18 to may 4 .
us giant morgan stanley said prospect of labour government reliant on scottish nationalists would create  greatest uncertainty  of any election result .  its inevitable  anti - austerity  agenda could lead to an  earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case  second major bank , goldman sachs , also raised concerns about the same outcome on may 7 .  reports are double blow to labour  s attempts to convince voters that the economy would be in safe hands with a mr miliband - led government .
tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market .  tesco , sainsbury ' s and asda have all lost market share in the first three months of 2015 .
the queen was joined by her husband the duke of edinburgh at the reception in trafalgar square , central london .  the queen wore a special diamond - encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch for the occasion .  prince philip sat for a portrait with the royal hamilton light infantry .
princess leonore , 32 , is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child .  she was whisked off to meet pope francis at the vatican .  the baby will be born in stockholm following her parents ' move to new york .  the birth is likely to coincide with another big royal event , the wedding of madeleine ' s older brother , prince carl philip , 35 .
andy hornby is non - executive chairman of pharmacy 2u .  he was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008 .  many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society  either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled .
holly , 34 , and davina , 47 , star in first campaign for garnier nutrisse .  davina ' s chosen shade is 10 . 01 it is the perfect multi - tonal blonde that is just me ' .  holly wakes up the nation on this morning .
software extracts relevant colour information from images or artworks found online .  plot above is based on 94 , 526 images for the years 1800 - 2000 .
norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness .  eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor .  a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment .  it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn ' t .
graeme mcdowell has vowed to play ' aggressive ' golf to improve his masters record .  the former us open champion took in a practice round with his coach pete cowen on the augusta national course .  the 35 - year - old has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters .
london mayor given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter .  as he got in his car , he was spotted with a lipstick mark on his other cheek .  mr johnson said he ' profoundly and passionately ' hopes to stop farage .
teresa james , 40 , believes teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile .  sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 .  almost a third of britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth .
novak djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set of the miami open final .  the world no 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled by the loud confrontation .  the umpire damien dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst , saying it ' didn ' t look good ' as he sat down between the change of ends .
john coyne , 56 , who ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road , london , attacked his 25 - year - old victim .  the victim , who is heterosexual , had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended the night at coyne ' s pub where he fell unconscious on a sofa .  coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed at blackfriars crown court yesterday .
davion navar henry only , 16 , has been in foster care since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars .  he said he just wanted a family that would ' love him forever ' .
ashley young reveals the secret of his team - mates ' changing room playlist . the english winger reveals he is under strict orders from manager louis van gaal to play only house and funky house music .  young is known for being the resident dj at the red devils .  andy ritchie and helen evans hosted the mutv show on thursday .
alan pardew will target a marquee signing for crystal palace this summer .  the eagles boss is prepared to let star winger yannick bolasie leave for ' between 40 and 60 million pounds ' .  palace broke their club transfer record in september 2014 when they splashed out 7m on james mcarthur .
corinne gump , 10 , and her grandparents , 61 - year - old judy and bill schmidt , were killed in a house fire on monday in youngstown , ohio .  police went to seman ' s home and found corinne ' s mother , lynn schmidt , but she has not been arrested .  seman , 46 , was under electronically - monitored house arrest at the time of the fire but he was taken back into custody on monday .
peta ' s latest campaign shows vegan guitarist jona weinhofen holding a severed lamb actually made of foam .  the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday .  the campaign aims to deter people from buying wool products and gives a number of alternatives such as cotton , linen and fleece .  many shearers , farmers and wool buyers have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the ' misleading ' advertisment .
ryan skivington , 26 , took the pets out of their cage during a row .  he today admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs .  he also admitted assaulting his former partner bobbi jo houston .
memorials to south africa ' s colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters .  statues of british presidents queen victoria and king george v were splashed with paint in port elizabeth and durban .  vandals poured paint over scottish - south african missionary andrew murray ' s statue in the western cape .  a bronze rider marking the anglo - boer war from 1899 to 1902 was toppled from his horse .
zarina diyas and heather watson were the seeded casualties .  irina - camelia begu and mona barthel progressed in straight sets .
st . louis blues forward ryan reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook .  reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth .  it eventually fell into his hand and he gave it to a team trainer .  it is unknown as to what period the check occurred in or if reaves returned to the ice , one tooth lighter .
clermont face saracens at stade geoffrey - guichard on saturday .  brad barritt tells sportsmail he thinks clermont ' s clash with saracens will be won .  serge betsen and billy vunipola are key to saracens ' game plan .
ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , east sussex , stopped to propose to girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 .  anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on hove seafront .  ben carried the ring in his bum bag and waited to spot anna in the crowd .
footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black bmw with no shirt on .  distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash in east london .  the 25 - year - old driver of the white bmw was taken to hospital as a precaution .  he was arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm after the incident .
two passengers , aged 16 and 17 , were rescued after their car careened over a 100 - foot cliff in arizona .  the driver , a 16 - year - old girl , was thrown from the car and trapped underneath the car for more than four hours .  it took emergency services around five hours to pull the girl from the wreckage and she only suffered minor injuries .
hizb ut - tahrir ( ht ) has reportedly attacked civil activists in aleppo .  several british men are known to have been in contact with the group .  maajid nawazi was a member of ht for 13 years and jailed in egypt .  he has denied any involvement with the nusra front and al - qaeda in syria .
brian bayers tearfully told wave how he was preparing to take his son back to day - care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house .  jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the wheels back around , he essentially walked right into the side of the truck .  the bayers say they will miss their son and that they would do anything to have him back .
the sru have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history .  bt agreed to pay 20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield .  the scotland under - 20 side will be the first team to run out with bt on their jerseys when they compete in the world cup in june .
breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women , claiming nearly 41 , 000 lives a year .  it is made up of $ 2 . 8bn resulting from false - positive mammograms and another $ 1 . 2bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis - treatment of tumors that grow slowly or not at all .
sir bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling ' s hour record in june .  the four - time olympic champion is 35 on april 28 .  wiggins is expected to set a mark which will last for some time .
george groves will fight badou jack for the wbc world super - middleweight title this summer .  the 27 - year - old defeated anthony dirrell on points on friday night .  despite the unlikely odds , groves correctly predicted that a shock shock was on the cards .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather jnr in las vegas on may 2 .  the filipino - fighter was joined by an abundance of fans at griffith park .  the fight is expected to break the pay - per - view record of $ 152million .
rajpal singh , 34 , had swallowed 140 coins , 150 nails and a handful of nuts .  he had also gulped down screws , nails and magnets .  doctors suspected it might be a run - of - the - mill case of food poisoning .  mr singh claims he didn ' t realise his stomach pain was due to his habit .
deputy pm said he would not allow lib dems to prop up david cameron in power .  he also suggested he would veto a new deal unless tories agreed new taxes .  but the deputy prime minister defended his record in government with mr cameron .  he accused tories of ' lashing out ' at labour because they could not win election .
scott keyes , a 28 - year - old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20 , 000miles on 21 flights in europe and south america .  he recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles through credit cards .  he only sign up for cards with high sign - up bonuses and relatively low spending thresholds necessary to get free .
justin rose has been training on his state - of - the - art indoor golf simulator .  the englishman was joint runner - up with phil mickelson .  rose is already looking ahead to his next pga tour event .
the stonehenge village complex in manhattan ' s upper west side was closed off to anyone who lived in the building since 1972 .  the human rights commission said there ' s enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the gym ' s fitness room .  the gym was meant as a perk to lure full - price - paying tenants , who shelled out $ 3 , 500 - a - month for a one - bedroom .
mesut ozil was off the pace at the beginning of this season .  the german star says he is now playing his best football since joining arsenal .  the 26 - year - old says his injury ' worked in my favour ' .  arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi final on saturday .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby .  it connects to an app on a user  s android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet , where the firm suggests the card is stored .  the credit card - sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range .
brian o ' driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force .  saracens are the only english team featuring in this weekend  s champions cup semi - finals .  o  dris .  admits that scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous .  english clubs have found themselves priced out of the market for southern hemisphere superstars .  dan carter , ma  a nonu and conrad smith among those already signed up by top 14 clubs .
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start .  the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29 . 455 seconds .  he headed off the close attentions of james ellison on the jg speedfit kawasaki by just 0 . 029secs .
andrew barr was principal of the geelong college , south - west of melbourne .  a photo of him watching pornography in his office went viral on social media .  the school council launched an investigation , which included a search of mr barr ' s computer .  chairman of the college council , dr hugh seward , said the matter was a serious breach of the school ' s standards .
tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover .  aston villa are three points above the relegation zone .  villa face manchester united at old trafford on saturday .  click here for all the latest aston villa news .
12 - year - old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow .  it has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder .  bluey is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner .
richard graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester .  he faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court to take down the twitter posts .  zac evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in gloucester in january while apparently trying to protect a group of girls .
lindsey walker , 23 , spent a holiday from hell at the rex hotel in whitley bay , north tyneside .  she and her partner were invited to a party with escorts in the room next door .  ms walker ' s room included wallpaper hanging in shreds , holes in the walls , broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants .  rex hotel ' s manager , karen carmedy , said the issues were being investigated .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
robin van persie has missed manchester united ' s last six games .  the striker has been out of action since february 21 .  louis van gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for the game against manchester city .  but van per .  is unlikely to start the game .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 2 at stamford bridge .  juan mata was substituted by jose mourinho last year .  the spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the premier league .
kealeigh - anne woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken by colin heath in january 2000 .  she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011 .  heath , now 43 , was jailed for three years and two months at birmingham crown court .
micah richards ' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season .  the 26 - year - old has found playing time hard to come by during the move .  richards has been linked with a move to aston villa , southampton , everton and west ham .  click here for all the latest fiorentina news .
eden hazard has been named ' one of the three best players in the world ' .  hazard scored chelsea ' s 38th minute winner against manchester united .  the 24 - year - old is expected to be named pfa player of the year on sunday .
david meyler was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge on saturday .  the hull midfielder will miss the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage .  angel rangel will return to the swansea side to face everton .
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure .  separate study found there was a ' macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry .  two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoorst hinking they were not at risk .
newcastle have lost the last five tyne - wear derbies this season .  owner mike ashley says he would walk away if the club ' s hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment .  the owner , head coach and players have come in for strong criticism .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool until the summer .  the 20 - year - old has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal .  sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money - grabber .
ferme de montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the dorchester in les gets .  suzanne dixon - hudson and her husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital ,   on business  ' .  les gets is well placed in the giant portes du soleil area , which has 400 miles of groomed pistes , linked by 14 ski stations across the french / swiss border .
charnelle hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston .  she was struck on the side of the head after it was hurled into a group of 40 people .  jordan goode , also 20 , picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet .  she now has to see a facial specialist and has been warned her facial features may drop .
rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a . 357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27 - year - old larry tipton .  tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself in her off - campus apartment in oxford , ohio on sunday morning .  the couple had been dating for a few years and were pictured smiling together as recently as last month .
corey edwards , from teignmouth , devon , was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months .  the five - year - old has undergone eight open - heart operations and other treatments .  his parents craig , 28 , and jemma , 21 , had been engaged for three years but had to get special permission from the archbishop of canterbury .
ed miliband announced plans to overhaul britain ' s non - domicile regime .  it allows 116 , 000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax .  but it later emerged labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it .
neil fox , 53 , accused of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years .  he denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 .
jahnae jackson was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago .  the 18 - year - old from northern nsw have raised over $ 80 , 000 for his life - saving surgery to be performed by renowned neurosurgeon dr . charlie teo .  jackson ' s surgery is likely to save his life , but he still has a long road of rehabilitation in front of him as he will be left paralysed for some time .
adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city .  the 53 - year - old has been at the club for eight years and is now manager .  he talks about the humility of his star signing kaka and his hopes of an eventual rivalry with david beckham ' s troubled miami project .
garry monk will hold talks with michu before deciding whether he has a future at the liberty stadium .  michu scored 22 goals in his first season at swansea after signing from rayo vallecano for 2 . 2million in july 2012 .  the spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at napoli .
3aw host john burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called bachar houli a ' terrorist ' .  mr burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn ' t recall the comment being made .  the 27 - year - old became the first muslim man to play at top level afl in 2006 .
matt giteau ' s stellar displays for toulon have put him back on the wallabies radar ahead of the world cup .  nick abendanon ' s game has drastically improved since he made the move to france .  toulon ' s steffon armitage came off the bench against leinster on sunday and turned the game on its head .
prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at the gravesend gurdwara in kent .  they briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the sikh holy book to the temple before mr cameron gave a speech .  it comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk .
manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday .  the filipino star was the packid , a 12 - year - old urchin in the mud of the philippines whose mother was eking out the food for the family .  pacquaio opened up about his motivation , his belief in god and how everything we get is a gift from god .
tottenham are tracking dynamo kiev ' s andriy yarmolenko .  mauricio pochettino has admitted his scouts are already working behind the scenes on finalising the club ' s targets .  spurs are also keen on everton winger kevin mirallas .
the amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food .  the menu includes a baba ganoush , beetroot , pickled turnips , coleslaw , garlic parsley and tahini .
antonio di natale has described alexis sanchez as the best strike partner he ' s ever had .  the arsenal forward played alongside sanchez for five years at udinese .  di natal ' s former team - mate francesco totti and alessandro del piero are among the former strike partners with italy .
sergeant dan urman ' s father eitan urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground , he slipped on the ice , causing both to tumble over .  eitan and his wife ronit , of scottsdale , arizona , had been invited to drop the puck before the arizona coyotes game on saturday .
england ' s test warm - ups descended into a glorified training drill .  jonny bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine .  stuart broad came through an injury scare and spent just an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack .  the decision was made to cull england and wales cricket board managing director paul downton .
britain ' s got talent judge , 44 , has two daughters , nine - year - old hollie and hollie .  in a new interview , she talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences .  the mother - of - two lost one child and nearly died after having another .  she also ruled out the possibility of trying for another child , but has found peace with it .
frances clarkson , 53 , spent the easter weekend with family and friends .  she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54 - year - old broadcaster .  the pair , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years .
former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko widodo there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved .  independent senator nick xenophon said he was told earlier in the year that he was ' very sympathetic ' to clemency .  this comes after a senior indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair and six other convicted drug traffickers .
femail rounds up the celebrities that have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries .  from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light , it seems like lohan ' s fast - paced lifestyle is finally catching up to her .  johnny depp , 51 , shot to fame as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks and acting versatility .  kate moss was one of the most famous supermodels in the world , rising to fame in the nineties .
newcastle united lost 1 - 0 to sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday .  the magpies are nine points clear of the relegation zone and travel to liverpool on monday .  john carver admits the club need to look at the ' dna ' of their dressing - room this summer .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale  s evolution .  in contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .
researchers at hadassah medical school in jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue .  in young , non - pregnant mice , 82 % of the liver had regenerated after two days .
enner valencia is a transfer target for chelsea .  the ecuadorian has scored 17 league goals for middlesbrough this season .  jose mourinho earmarked the ecuador forward in january .  chelsea have an interest in liverpool ' s raheem sterling .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united .  john souttar and nadir ciftci are under contract until may next year .  jackie mcnamara ' s side have won just three of their 14 games since .
toulon have announced the signing of australia star quade cooper .  the 27 - year - old will move to france this summer .  bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt .
the research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite .  when the gene for the transcription factor is deleted , the cells no longer make it .  the findings show in animals that the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the pomc cells aren ' t working .
harry davies - carr , now 11 , is seen with his baby brother charlie on his lap .  the pair , from buckinghamshire , have given an interview to talk about the video .  their father howard had only ever uploaded the video because it was too big to send over email .  the boys ' video has had more than 816million views than taylor swift , one direction and even adele .
charlie stayt scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school .  viewer hardy lion tweeted : ' # bbcbreakfast ha ha spelt education wrong ! ! ! back to school ! ' .  stayt later described the gaffe as ' one of those things ' .
malaysian airlines flight mh370 disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board . government officials from australia , china and malaysia plan to double the search area for the downed plane .  the mission will ' cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis ' .  the news comes weeks after fresh testimonies from a small island community in the maldives reignited reports the plane could have crashed more than 5 , 000 kilometres away .
researchers from texas a & m school of public health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans .  arizona , texas , montana , missouri , and oklahoma are the only five states that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers .
jean - honore fragonard ' s 18th - century work young woman was replaced by a hand - painted replica ordered on the internet for 70 .  it has hung in among 270 old master paintings at dulwich picture gallery since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ' spot the fake ' .  now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3 , 000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly .
christina o ' gorman was posing for her father at lulworth cove , dorset , when he was 42 .  the images are part of the royal photographic society , held at the national media museum , bradford .  they are among a collection of the world ' s oldest surviving photographs .
danny rose has been linked with a move to manchester city .  the 24 - year - old has been signed up to a five - year contract .  mauricio pochettino is ready to sell some fringe players .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
the map was created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb .  it shows a dramatic rise in the number of ufo sightings during the 1950s and 1960s across the world .  in the us , sightings include the famous battle of los angeles and roswell ufo incident .
amateur astronomer gordon ewen captured the strange formation .  sun spots range in size , from just 10 miles ( 16km ) to 100 , 000 miles ( 160 , 000km ) wide - big enough to be seen from earth without a telescope .  each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet .
rona fairhead , 53 , has said she wants to stay for a least another year .  but it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her .  she has been under pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions , at the bbc and the scandal - hit bank .  last month she was criticised by mps as ' incredibly naive or totally incompetent ' for her failure to pick up on the scandal .
andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast . the blast ' s stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format .  flintoff wants to spread the love too for a tournament he hopes will become an institution in british sport .
holmesburg prison ' s high walls housed some of the country ' s most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass - injury .  since its closure in 1996 , some 1 , 200 inmates were subjected to cruel clinical experimentation .  images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens .  nearly two decades after its closure , the halls have fallen eerily silent as the terrifying building slowly wastes away .
winnie harlow , 19 , suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with .
beatrice tollman made most recent donation of 20 , 000 to tories earlier this month .  she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions in tax .  however in 2008 her husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion .  he repaid more than 100 million us dollars to america after couple spent five years fighting off attempts to extradite mrs tollman from the uk .
lydia bright met ed miliband as part of the ' useyourvoice ' campaign .  she said she would ' snog or marry ed because he ' s the best - looking one out of them all ' . comes after a group of female fans left westminster watchers baffled .
polling showed nationalists are extending their lead  threatening to all but wipe out labour north of the border .  ed miliband yesterday refused four times to rule out going into a power - sharing agreement with the snp if its mps hold the balance of power for the first time .  she dominated the so - called  challengers  debate  , and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the labour leader  s 29 per cent .
jamie vardy scored an injury - time winner to improve his side ' s slim chance of premier league survival .  leicester are bottom of the premier league after seven games to play .
patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would be a great coach .  evra left manchester united on a free transfer in 2014 after eight years .  ryan giggs is currently louis van gaal ' s assistant at man united .
lebron james , 30 , posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill via twitter on friday , just hours after she passed away from brain cancer .  the cleveland cavaliers player , who had never actually met lauren , wrote : ' sincerely lauren hill , you are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! your time spent on earth will never be forgotten ' .  the letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times .
a waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in parnell , east of auckland .  mr key kept being persistent with his hair - pulling antics , despite being told by his wife bronagh to stop during election time last year .  however , mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
aaron lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at everton .  roberto martinez wants to get the most out of lennon in the time he has left .  lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season .  reports have linked lennon with a swap deal with kevin mirallas .
chris hardman , 24 , died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft .  suffolk coroner peter dean told the inquest that mr hardman ' s friend found the body .  the pop star ' s family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression .
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football which would attract arsenal , manchester united or city .  simeone ' s team battled at the bernabeu but were unable to take anything away against real madrid .  sportsmail ' s columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed would not impress the three premier league giants .
lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could .  cleveland cavaliers have secured the central division title and no 2 seed in the eastern conference .  james scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the cavs in their 104 - 99 victory against the bucks .
sarah and russell have two children william and matilda .  pregnancy expert zita west says modern life has done women a disservice .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2 - 0 at the signal iduna park .  robert lewandowski scored the only goal of the match to give his side the lead .  pep guardiola ' s side restored their lead at the top of the table to 10 points .  thiago is playing his first match of the season after being ruled out of action with a knee injury since march 2014 .
out of the six biggest greek islands , even americans will recognise two : crete - the biggest - and rhodes ( fourth )
linda and george hunter raised their four children in their home in wavertree , liverpool , around 15 years ago .  but eight years ago , the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition .  estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than 1 as other houses are being sold off by the council .
team sky ' s focus on the grand tours has already paid dividends in the early part of the season .  sir bradley wiggins , geraint thomas or ian stannard may also be another british option for the team .  sir dave brailsford ' s second five - year plan for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling ' s monuments .
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now .  experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method .  camilla lawrence , a women  s health physiotherapist at six physio , tells mailonline how to get your body back to its pre - pregnancy shape - safely .
the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles ( 72km ) south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk - kamchatsky .  a photographer , from kamchatka , in the russian far east , also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into dark reds .
around 100 , 000 pupils a year do not pass english and maths tests before they leave primary school .  david cameron said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school .
steven gerrard was pictured in a paper article at just 12 - years - old .  steve heighway described gerrard as ' a gem from huyton ' .  the former england captain has become of the most recognised midfielders in the game but will leave the club in the summer .  gerrard is still suspended after stamping on manchester united ' s ander herrera in their defeat to their champions league rivals at anfield .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
13 democratic and republican u . s . lawmakers said they ' strongly encourage ' fifa to move the global competition .  england are planning a bid to host eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996 .
jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola , north east of launceston in tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps .  the 12 - year - old said he followed a trail of wasps when he stumbled across the gigantic 90 - kilogram nest . it took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush .
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini says academy players are not ready for first - team action .  liverpool star raheem sterling has already had his name linked with the defending premier league champions .  fa chairman greg dyke ' s proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in premier league squads .
luke brett moore , 27 , was able to overdraw $ 2 . 189 million over three years from his st george bank .  he was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception .  the 27 - year - old moved the money into his paypal account as well as into his national australia bank account .
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday .  a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating .  early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow .  there were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area .
greystone park psychiatric center , in new jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients .  but it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray , now known for its crumbling walls and staircases .  preservationists are battling to save it and claim the building should be turned into a museum and housing .
remy dufrene , 3 , of raceland , louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk .  his father searched for the boy ' s body but it took him 15 minutes to find the boy .  emergency workers spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail .
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana .  the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail .  the sound of the fish making impact is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon .
facebook ' s sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network  s mobile app , complete with an illustrative picture .  the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user  s most messaged friends .  it ' s currently only available to selected people for testing .
darren humphries , 37 , began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire , 31 .  he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home .  he forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house .  he then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and began throwing individual eggs at her head .  he was jailed for eight weeks after pleading guilty to assault by beating and using violence to secure entry to a premise .
about 9 , 000 people visited salt lake city ' s hogle zoo saturday .  tuah ' s parents eve and elijah both passed away last fall .
janice baker kinney , marcella tate , and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday morning in los angeles , california , to announce their claims . their attorney gloria allred said the event was scheduled to damage sales for the comedian ' s upcoming shows on his nationwide tour .
rebecca rice , 16 , had tried everything to calm her nerves ahead of gcse exam .  she knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her dog holly .  lorette esteve advised her to bring her pet dog holly to help .
the population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern european fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species .  consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s , but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 .
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the boston marathon .  the 21 - year - old former student kept his hands folded in front of him .  the jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty .
jurgen klopp will leave dortmund at the end of the season .  the 47 - year - old has long been linked with taking over from wenger .  nigel winterburn says the club should be given more years .
larry upright hated hillary so much she made it into his obituary .  instead of sending flowers for the funeral , give the money to charity .  and don ' t vote for hillary rodham clinton in 2016 .
the caverne du pont - d ' arc in southern france contains 1 , 000 painstakingly - reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features .  it is the oldest known and best preserved cave decorated by man , but is not open to the public to keep the precious works of art safe .  the original and unique  grotte chauvet  was discovered around 20 years ago and is a unesco world heritage site .
john stones was the shock name on barcelona ' s shopping list of defensive transfer targets last summer .  barcelona ended up signing jeremy mathieu from valencia and thomas vermaelen from arsenal for 14 . 5m .  stones signed a new 30 , 000 - a - week five - year deal keeping him at everton until 2019 .
diane james , ukip ' s justice spokesman , applauds russian president ' s credentials .  she also applauded mr putin ' s nationalist credentials and argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of the european union .  ukip leader nigel farage sparked a row last year when he hailed russian president as a ' brilliant operator ' for his stance on the syrian conflict .
oxford university women ' s rowing team beat cambridge for third time .  they finished six - and - a - half lengths and 19 seconds ahead of the men .  team captain anastasia chitty said it had been ' humbling ' to win .
ac milan face ac milan in their champions league quarter - final on sunday .  the match was the second time in two seasons the sides had met in the knockout stages .  marco materazzi and rui costa were both involved in the 2005 clash .
gavin thorman , 36 , of caernarfon , gwynedd , operated his drug empire .  he boasted in welsh that he would make ' millions ' when he got out of jail .  drugs worth 200 , 000 , luxury cars , guns and even a boat all seized .
grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag # grannyhair .  instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies .  the trend can be tracked back to jean paul gaultier ' s catwalk show at paris fashion week .
mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from england duty .  kane has been one of the stars of the premier league , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham this season .  the pair have been nominated for both pfa and pfa young player of the year .
graphic signs warning pilgrims not to stop for a poo break .  no one knows who put up the signs , which show a squatting figure defecating in a red circle with a diagonal line across it .  the pilgrimage , known as the way of st james , attracts thousands of pilgrims every year , but there can be very few places to go when nature calls .
neymar was substituted during sevilla ' s 2 - 2 draw with sevilla on saturday .  the brazilian forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season .  only ivan rakitic and andres iniesta have been substituted more .
brian o ' driscoll has been in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the hong kong sevens .  wife amy huberman posted the picture on social media with hilarious consequences .  the couple are pictured attending a downing street reception following the 2013 lions tour .
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful .  but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling .  he also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the grade ii - listed house ' s timber windows with modern ones .
dane bouris appeared at waverley court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty .  he was arrested at his watsons bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa .  the 33 - year - old is best known as the son of wizard home loans founder .
abi gordon - cody creates gruesome injuries using special effects . 26 - year - old from droitwich , worcestershire , works as a special effects make - up artist . her work can involve beautifying rather than horrifying a client .
jessica carey had her husband aaron carey tattoo based on a childhood portrait .  it showed her grandmother as a young woman , with long red hair .  along with the inking , she had brought her two children with her as an additional surprise .
the three - year - old chimp was found cowering in a tiny box of animal traffickers .  they had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market .  they were trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea , in west africa .  the traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the guinea ministry of environment , the gendarmerie and the guinee - application de la loi faunique .  many traffickers have already been arrested and sentenced in guinea sine .
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 ' s first dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour .  the 22 - year - old ' s crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself .  ' i couldn ' t believe some of the reactions from people on twitter , ' he said .
raheem sterling is earning less than mario balotelli .  liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since luis suarez left .  sterling ' s agent has been accused of giving him bad advice .
adam gadahn , who had treason charges pending against him , was killed in a drone strike in january .  another january drone strike killed ahmed farouq , the operations leader for al - qaida in pakistan , as well as an american hostage and an italian hostage .
girl sexually assaulted by a boy of the same age in classroom and playground .  mother school officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter ' s class .  she has now had to move the girl to a new school , posed by model model model .  police said they were powerless to act because the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten , so charges cannot be brought against the boy .
the sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram with 342 , 969 photos .  it trumps sydney ' s popular bondi beach which has been ranked second on the top 20 most ' instagrammed ' places in australia .  it is then followed by the world heritage listed sydney opera house with 134 , 911 photos .
shauna mcglasson was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles .  the 25 - year - old was carrying her daughter lacey in her arms . the mother - of - one lost four stone in as many months reaching 13st .
quincy hazel and sabrina golden - hazel , both 44 , have been charged with child neglect after two of their children told investigators they had been locked in a closet .  a 26 - year - old relative told police that the couple had only subjected the children to the cruel treatment .
global tour of the motoring show looked like it may face the axe following clarkson ' s hotel fracas with a producer over a steak dinner .  the bbc decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of top gear , but the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows .  the shows have been rebranded from top gear live to clarkson , hammond and may live .
this week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual ' apocalyptic ' dust storm , known in arabic as a haboob , struck belarus .  within a matter of minutes , the storm had blocked out the sun , creating chaos on the city streets .  china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards .
the ' mediterranean - dash intervention for neurodegenerative delay ' ( mind ) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad .  for those that followed it moderately well , it lowered the risk of alzheimer ' s by 53 per cent .
paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united ' s recent slide .  united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions .  dundee are without a win in three matches themselves .
padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters .  the 43 - year - old has won his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship .  harrington had falled out of the world ' s top 300 before accepting an invitation to the honda classic .
hillary clinton ' s now - famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed - door meeting with state democratic party officials .  secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if clinton had been left unattended .  clinton has round - the - clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of a former u . s . president , bill clinton .
representative darrell issa asked then secretary of state about use of personal email .  but issa was ignored until more than a month after clinton stepped down .  issa wrote as chairman of house committee on oversight and government reform in december 2012 , but didn ' t receive any answer until clinton had left the department .  she has insisted every relevant email was now in the hands of the state department .  clinton is likely to want to win over voters with a more personal approach than in 2007 .
the 36 - year - old daredevil will walk on top of a 400 - foot observation wheel in orlando , florida , on april 29 .  wallenda said monday at a new york city news conference that the orlando eye will be moving when he attempts his feat .  no distance for the performance has been set yet , but he said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes or so that it takes the wheel to go a full circle .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2 - 1 in the tyne - wear derby on monday .  alan pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats .  the eagles are currently 11th in the premier league ' s top 10 .  click here for all the latest crystal palace news .
u .  s . envoy mark lippert said in a speech on wednesday that if north korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program , it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world .  the north ' s committee for the peaceful reunification of korea said the remarks were proof that washington was intent on hostility .  ' it is unbearable insult and mockery against us and a laughable and brazen charge that cannot be overlooked , ' it said .
duke - led study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) projected temperature change from 2081 - 2100 by the ipcc .  it adds that these ' wiggles ' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade and exaggerate or offset the effects of greenhouse gas concentrations .
sportsmail has compiled a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed .  manchester city , the gunners and manchester united are likely to join chelsea in the champions league .  liverpool , tottenham and southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four .
fewer than one in five massachusetts residents believe dzhokhar tsarnaev should be handed a death penalty .  last week prosecutors described the 21 - year - old as ' america ' s worst nightmare ' insisting he deserves to die for carrying out one of the bloodiest attacks on us soil since 9 / 11 .
waitress claims aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top .  the 18 - year - old was reportedly interviewed under caution over alleged assault .  lennon is on loan to everton and lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
ukip leader said he had to ' confess ' that he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries such as australian and india because they could speak english .  mr farage has also admitted that he went ' a bit wonky ' and made mistakes at the start of ukip ' s election campaign .  ukip has fallen behind the tories and labour in a poll of 10 target constituencies .
threat came as labour  s shadow leader of the commons revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament  including the snp  to  try to build a majority  s majority  it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme .
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $ 23trillion in 2009 , according to a new study .  land in washington dc had the highest price in the entire country , with land costing more than $ 1million per acre .  california , with $ 1 , 050 per acre , is the cheapest place in the country to buy land .
yaya toure admits he is open to leaving manchester city this summer .  the 31 - year - old has been linked with a move away from the etihad .  toure is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini .  city are fourth in the premier league after a dismal run of form .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
the 2 . 99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ' perfection ' .  bianca london and anucyia victor and martha cliff tested it out to trim down their figures .  you can also whiten teeth , remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face entirely before sharing the retouched photos to facebook , instagram , twitter , flickr or tumblr .
the dress - a jacket and full skirt - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie .  it was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of james tumblin , formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at universal studios at the time .
former head of general electric said it ' s time to cut out expensive and needless middle management .  he warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education , which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out .
bonnie doll is australia ' s answer to lara croft in the gaming world .  the 28 - year - old has been able to give up her job working in hospitality .  she now has more than 45 , 000 global followers on instagram .
ap mccoy won the grand national in 2010 on don ' t push it .  the legendary jockey has won 20 consecutive race jump jockey titles .  mccoy became the most successful jump jockey of all time when topping richard dunwoody ' s tally of 1 , 699 winners in august , 2002 .
eloise parry , known as ella , ' burned up from the inside , after swallowing the highly - toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp ' .  after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat .  while doctors tried to stabilise her , she died just three hours later .
emily clark , 20 , abbie deloach , 21 , catherine pittman , 21 and caitlyn baggett , 21 died in the crash on wednesday morning .  fellow students brittney mcdaniel , and megan richards , of loganville , survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries .  the driver of the tractor - trailer reportedly said he wished he was also killed .
celtic lost 2 - 0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi - final on sunday .  leigh griffiths was deflected by referee steven mclean and his team - mates .  despite numerous appeals , no penalty or red card was given for meekings ' handball in the box at the end of the first half .  edward ofere and john guidetti swapped goals in extra - time before david raven grabbed a 117th - minute winner .
diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with her 19 - year - old daughter kanta to wash their clothes in the vishwamitri river in west india .  as they were wringing out their laundry , a mugger crocodile grabbed kanta ' s right leg and dragged her into the river .  vankar hastily grabbed her daughter ' s hand to try and pull her free from the jaws of the crocodile .
melbourne singer daniel buccheri toasted his brother adrian and his new wife sarah at their march 29 wedding in melbourne .  the 25 - year - old started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me .  the unique speech performed by daniel at poet ' s lane in sherbrooke has been viewed over 100 , 000 times online .
liberal democrats say their best hope is to end up with 30 - something mps after may 7 compared with the 57 elected in 2010 .  senior party source says their best chance of holding the balance of power was to finish ' in the 30s ' if they are able to retain a number of closely - fought seats .  mr clegg said the first of what he dubbed his ' premier league policies ' is a 5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer .  he was one of cricket ' s great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge .  benaud won 63 test caps between january 1952 and february 1964 , collecting 248 wickets with his leg - spin and scoring 2 , 201 runs at 24 .
kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina .  he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school ' s print shop .  police identified the victim as rod lane , a long - time employee at the school .
celtic beat kilmarnock 4 - 1 in their scottish cup semi - final .  leigh griffiths scored a hat - trick for the trick to guide his team to victory .  the win takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership .
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in the westchester county town of valhalla .  though the cause of the collision remains unknown , danielle , julia and alexa brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions .
judges rejected home secretary theresa may ' s attempt to deport the 53 - year - old serial criminal because of the risk of ' unacceptably savage ' abuse he faced in libya .  he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal .  his case is estimated to have cost british taxpayers a six - figure sum , including the cost of police time , legal fees racked up by challenging his claims in the courts .
hull city travel to swansea city in the premier league on saturday .  mohamed diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury .  the sengalese midfielder signed for 3 . 5million from west ham in the summer .
hudson swafford shot a 6 - under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead .  boo weekley , the first - round leader after a 64 , also was 11 under .  jason day was 5 under for the round through 14 holes .  second - round play was scheduled to resume saturday at 8 a . m . cdt .
roger federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official twitter account .  the 33 - year - old was wearing the scarf of fc basel , the football team he supports .  federer won the key biscayne event in 2005 and 2006 , but missed it in 2013 also to lighten his workload .
white house doubled down today on president barack obama ' s earth day message that climate change is ' a problem now ' .  ' the preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument , ' press secretary josh earnest said today .  he then added , without any nudging , ' and there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact because it ' s inconvenient to their strongest political supporters ' .
converted four - bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57 - room mansion homeden .  the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats .  the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light - filled property and the windows upstiars are also a homeden original .
richard eckersley is currently training with la liga side elche .  the 26 - year - old failed to make a league appearance for manchester united .  he is a now free agent after leaving red devils last year .
mohammad ali akhtar was attacked at premier stores in flixton , greater manchester .  the father - of - three was on his second shift at the premier stores .  he demanded all the money from the till when he was attacked .  cctv footage shows him wrestling with a large kitchen knife and wrestling with cashier .  he had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand .
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu says the club are ' very happy ' with luis enrique ' s performance .  the 44 - year - old took only charge of the club last summer .  enrique is only six games away from winning the title .
pamela anderson and joe arpaio joined together at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all - vegetarian diet .  the jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now .  anderson and peta have came under fire for their association with the polarizing sheriff , who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement .
the 53 - second video , posted on youtube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday .  about 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her .  she then turns to the woman across the street who has been recording the incident and asks : ' did you record that ? ' .
future king , 32 , plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby .  second in line to the throne will be working throughout april in three sites .  duchess of cambridge will largely be based at their london home .
more than 2 , 000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in holborn , central london .  flames were seen erupting from a manhole cover yesterday , causing flames to erupt from the pavement .  tonight 35 firefighters and police officers remain at kingsway , where kingsway is closed northbound .  more than 1 , 000 buildings remain without power today , with businesses , government departments and tourist attractions forced to close .
a woman who may be a ' possible dui driver ' led the california highway patrol on a slow - speed chase , that included stopping at traffic lights , through los angeles for almost an hour .  the chase finally came to an end in pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman ' s suv and sent the car into a slow spin .
drew miller was very lucky the skate didn ' t hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday .  detroit ' s mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor .  miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment , including stitches .
sheldon nadelman , 80 , would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets .  nadelman would watch as prostitutes hid behind newsstands and trash cans to avoid being seen .  his amateur work , which includes a combination of gay men , cross - dressers , actors and alcoholics , often focused on the street trash can he could see .
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary warned they would remove kindergartner logan from class .  the 32 - year - old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused .  the family uses oils with scents such as lavender , chamomile and sandalwood .
alex tettey ' s early own goal handed middlesbrough a slim victory .  the victory moved middlesbrough top of the championship with just two points .  aitor karanka said his players deserve to be in the premier league .
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by kevin spacey , and his wife claire .  much of the action takes place on capitol hill , home to the senate and the house of representatives .  the lincoln memorial was built to honour the 16th president of the united states , abraham lincoln .
labour leader visited the gurdwara during a campaign tour of the midlands .  but his team banned national media journalists from a place of worship .  worshippers also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures .
blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people .  last month , the company and health officials said a 3 - ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma .  ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company ' s headquarters in brenham , texas .
top of the list is ' death ' for anyone who insults god or his messenger or blasphemes against islam .  adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death , while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and ' banishment ' from the community .  homosexuality is also to be punished by ' death for the penetrator and the receiver ' while thieves will have their hands severed from their arms .
57 per cent of adults in the uk claim to use a discount store every week .  of those 53 per cent are in the top a / b social class , who on average earn more than 35 , 000 - a - year .  news comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of aldi and lidl .
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children .  the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again .  other boring tasks included making a child write a letter or essay on what they did wrong .
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming thailand  s picturesque coastline , religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone .  using a drone that retails from 500 , gabriel  s high definition video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops , fishing boats on the calm sea and waterfalls .
kevin pietersen ' s only hope of playing for england is to score lots of runs for surrey  wind , rain or shine .  the 34 - year - old has played exclusively twenty20 cricket throughout the world since being axed by england .
lionel messi should be fit to start sunday ' s la liga match with celta vigo .  argentina forward sat out both of his country ' s friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break .  messi trained alongside compatriot javier mascherano on thursday .  both are expected to rejoin the rest of the squad in a more intense session on friday .
shadow chancellor repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books .  he said he would not be ' raising the higher income tax rate ' on tax rises .  but pressed on income tax , he said : ' you won ' t get that from me ' .  labour has vowed not to increase vat or national insurance as part of measures .
charli , eight , from australia , makes an estimated $ 127 , 000 ( aud $ 163 , 893 ) per month .  the mini - martha stewart , who is known as charli ' s channel , has has turned her popular channel into youtube ' s largest food channel in less than three years .  her five - year - old sister ashlee , who serves as the channel ' s ' chief taste tester ' , also has more than 320 , 000 subscribers .
services by west coast railways suspended following incident on march 7 .  train failed to stop at a signal and first great western high speed train was missed .  wcr , based in carnforth , lancashire , owns a fleet of steam locomotives including olton hall , the train used as the hogwarts express in the harry potter films .
delroy facey is accused of conspiring with non - league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery .  the 34 - year - old is also alleged to have told a contact that some football conference teams would ' do ' a game in return for payment .  facey , whose former clubs include hull city and west bromwich albion , is also accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches .
julio ' wemo ' acevedo , 46 , was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that killed nachman and raizel glauber .  the driver , who was convicted in february , is thought to have been traveling in his bmw at 70mph , twice the speed limit , when the incident occurred .  the glaubers were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash .
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients .  the term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom .  currently the drug is not recognised by the us food and drug administration as a medicine .
heather mack , 19 , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62 - year - old socialite sheila von wiese - mack .  indonesia  s justice and human rights minister yasona laoly offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child .  mack is expected to learn on tuesday whether a panel of judges will agree to prosecution demands that she should serve 15 years .
ed miliband will insist he offers ' clear , credible and concrete plan ' .  but hours before key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration .  the tories are fighting the election on a commitment to reduce net migration to the  tens of thousands  during labour  s 13 years in power , the foreign - born population rocketed by 3 . 6million .
richard and angela maxwell scooped 53 , 193 , 914 on the draw on tuesday .  the 67 - year - old couple have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall .  they plan to take their family on holiday to new zealand and buy a land rover .
steven gerrard was suspended for the quarter - final replay following his red card against manchester united .  philippe coutinho scored the game ' s only goal at ewood park to book their place in the semi - final with aston villa .  even blackburn manager gary bowyer feels it would be fitting for liverpool ' s captain to lift the trophy before he leaves for major league soccer .
tony pulis will be the only manager in the premier league with more than 12 months experience who has never finished higher than 11th .  west brom ' s defeats against qpr and leicester city have left them on 33 points .  pulis has never had the best clubs with the most money to manage .
bradley neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first masters .  the 19 - year - old has been tipped for big things by the likes of rory mcilroy .  neil had the calming influence of veteran scot jordan lyle .
the 20 - month - old boy had been choking and struggling to breathe .  he was rushed to coolah district hospital but died shortly after .  police are treating the incident as suspicious and executed a crime scene warrant .
malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of gq australia .  the minister for communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been successfully toppled in february ' s leadership spill .  mr turnbull said : ' people would have been astonished if i hadn ' t ' .  his appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes .
the three men - thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 - were arrested thursday on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder .  the case comes as the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system .  the fbi was initially alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the klan , according to an arrest affidavit .
savannah guthrie ' s eight - month - old daughter vale giggled with glee when her mom tried to get her to sleep using tissue paper .  the method involves gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby ' s face until the tot nods off .
tyrone mings posted a screengrab of a text message on his instagram account .  the 22 - year - old has been linked with a move to premier league side arsenal .  mings has been a key player in ipswich ' s push for promotion this season .
christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , hertfordshire , attacked three women .  he was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year .  hcpc conduct and competence committee found him guilty of raping a fellow student while he was studying to be a paramedic at st george ' s university hospital in london .  a lesbian colleague told the court she was molested by bridger after a staff christmas party while her girlfriend was in the same hotel bed .
scottish first minister said ' biggest challenge ' we ' ve had to overcome .  she also suggested david cameron had been ' not unhelpful ' to snp .  remarks came after she insisted she would put ed miliband into downing street .
the white female student , who has not been identified , was captured in a snapchat photo detailing several ' reasons why usc wifi blows ' on the board at the university in columbia , south carolina .  her reasons included ' incompetent ' professors , ' ratchets ' , an ' overpopulated campus ' and parking .  but at the top of the list was the word ' n * * * s ' .  the image was captured by a fellow student .
winston churchill , then 84 , was president eisenhower ' s guest of honour .  party held on 20th anniversary of nazi germany ' s invasion of poland .  brought together great and good of allied wwii campaign .  also seen are viscount charles portal , 1st baron arthur tedder and lieutenant general brian horrocks .
california - based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top .
danny garcia is set to fight lamont peterson in a non - title fight .  the puerto rican - born fighter stripped off his sock to show off his secret weapon .  garcia knocked out rod salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29 - 0 with 17 kos .
gcse pupil started taking cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and ' party drug ' .  she was given for free or paid only a few pounds for pills , sometimes without knowing what she was taking .  father has sent open letter to local council pleading for action to combat ' serious drug problem ' .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .  they survive for 503 days after diagnosis , compared with 312 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques .
chevrolet confirmed to daily mail online that the standard issue chevrolet express police transport van has bolts that are built into the door and don ' t stick out .  gray ' s ' catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ' in the back door of the van ' .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday .  the bavarians are without arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba for the quarter - final , first leg in portugal .  thomas muller believes the squad ' s sense of unity is stronger .
west bromwich albion are willing to listen to offers for neil taylor .  tony pulis is keen for taylor to fill in at left back .  taylor has been an ever - present in swansea ' s side this season .
porto beat bayern munich 3 - 1 in the first leg of their champions league clash .  julen lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten champions league campaign .  ricardo quaresma scored twice as porto beat basle 5 - 1 on aggregate .  only lionel messi and luiz adriano have been involved in more champions league goals this season .
german language teacher suspended from auguste remoir college in limoges .  she also used classes to defend hitler ' s domestic record and his plans for overseas expansion . 20 of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher .
louis jordan , 37 , said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat .  he claims he broke his shoulder and lost its mast , rudder and radio .  but doubters say he appeared to be well - fed , with pale , unblemished skin .  rebutting his critics for the first time yesterday saying : ' god knows i am a truthful man ' .
real madrid beat almeria 3 - 0 at the bernabeu on wednesday night .  martin odegaard was in line to become real madrid ' s youngest ever player .  the 16 - year - old will become the youngest player in the club ' s history .
biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but soon became to big to escape .  an elderly man named uncle abdo gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day .  now , the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign .
bianca gascoigne , 28 , was mugged by a gang of eight on tuesday .  the attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought them off .  she is said to have been left in tears given the nature of the text messages stored on her phone .  the former model adopted the 28 - year - old after he married her mother sheryl in 1996 .
vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today to insist none of the country ' s troops are positioned in the ukraine .  wrinkles on the 62 - year - old ' s forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , tanned and younger than ever .  in both photographs the skin of putin ' s face is more saggy , and he has visible dark circles under his eyes .
chris ball made the most heartbreaking goodbye video to his family before taking his own life on september 14 last year .  his brother jayden and their stepfather found chris ' s body along with a usb stick which said : ' mum and dad , please watch ' .  his family have shared the heartbreaking video publicly to raise awareness of the disease , which takes the lives of more young australians than car accidents and skin cancer .
alison saunders said her job as head of the crown prosecution service was to make correct legal decisions in difficult cases , not the most popular ones .  but she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and perpetrating establishment cover - ups by deciding that labour peer lord janner should not be charged .
the 27 - year - old actress gave birth to daughter james three months ago .  she has been out and about promoting her new movie , age of adaline .  blake says losing weight is not something i have spent much time focusing on .  she said : ' i hate the gym .  who doesn ' t ? when i ' m in the gym i feel like i am missing out .  i would rather rent a bike or go for a hike ' .
jennifer lopez ' s upper - body is as impeccably toned .  she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night .  modified push - ups with your knees aren ' t just a cop - out for real thing .
ap mccoy claimed victory in the aintree hurdles as he rode jezki to victory after ruby walsh fell at the final hurdle .  arctic fire ' s favourite , ridden by ruby walsh , took a crashing fall at the grand national festival on thursday afternoon .  mccoy will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the shutthe  s grand national on saturday .
manny pacquiao arrived in las vegas on monday night ahead of his mgm grand summit with floyd mayweather .  the filipino star was seen arriving on the world - famous strip in the nevada desert at the mandalay bay hotel , which will be his base for the week .  the 36 - year - old had been training in los angeles at trainer freddie roach ' s wild card gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station .
gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the earth ' s atmosphere where they are contributing to climate change .  the gases have 2 , 500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide .  researchers at the swiss federal laboratories for material science and technology in dubendorf , switzerland , found that concentrations of desflurane , isoflura .
fossicker ashley manzie discovered the medal when he was combing a melbourne park with his metal detector last week .  mr manzie posted photos of the medal to an online foss .  ##icking , which led him to sydney man stephen norton - biddulph ' s great - nephew .  mr norton discovered that frederick had actually died nine years before ' bunny ' in new zealand .
tony pulis returned to selhurst park for the first time since he left crystal palace .  james morrison and stunner from craig gardner scored for west brom with a fine long ranged effort .  alan pardew was applauded as he came out from the tunnel in the corner of a ground where the seats are close to the pitch .
papiss cisse is newcastle ' s top scorer this season with 11 goals .  the senegal forward has scored 10 goals in the premier league this season .  cisse scored a double to clinch a 2 - 2 draw against swansea two weeks later .  newcastle would have scored just 22 times  the second fewest in the division behind aston villa on 26 points .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria at 9 . 30am on good friday .  the 11 - year - old was camping in the national forest with his family , and it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since .  luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused and may not be aware he is lost .
one direction star niall horan among the first to pay tribute to colin bloomfield .  bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body .  the 33 - year - old died yesterday at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury .  bloomfield worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter , reporter and derby county commentator .
clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after tweeting ' where ' s the bleach ' in reference to last week ' s introduction of new ' emoji ' cartoons for iphones .  on twitter , some users blasted the company for what they said was a ' racist ' post . the gaffe is only the latest example of companies like at & t and kenneth cole that have sparked controversy or offense on social media .
andrew anderson , 43 , accused of forcing julie mcgoldrick , 53 , to the floor .  father - of - three ' strategised ' his shopping and grabbed a tv near bottom of pallet .  but seconds later she ended up on the floor and in serious pain .  judge at manchester magistrates ' court cleared him of any wrongdoing .
facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty .  carole maggio , the la - based creator of facercise , is the go - to expert .
mel greig , 33 , married her fiance steven pollack in november .  but the couple ' s efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from endometriosis .  mel posted a blog post on her website titled ' are we embarrassed of ivf ? ' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment .  she also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her ivf program .
dr sergey leshchinsky , from tomsk state university , spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western europe and russia between 10 , 000 and 30 , 000 years ago .  it was previously thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post - ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man .
ben powers played the character of thelma ' s husband keith in the show ' s sixth and final season between 1978 - 1979 .  he passed away at his new bedford , massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64 .  his family has not revealed the cause of his death .
ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at doctors ' surgery .  doctor was excluded from treating patients at mignot memorial hospital .  general medical council ( gmc ) was informed .  no arrests have been made .
shadow health secretary andy burnham said move could unlock 400m .  he accused david cameron of failing to get tough on the premier league .  mr burnham accused prime minister of not keeping his promises .
google ' s waze app operates like a free gps navigation tool .  it allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , congestion , traffic cameras , potholes and more .  there are growing concerns that the app poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations .  google acquired waze in 2013 for a reported $ 1 . 1 billion in 50million users in 200 countries .
kevin de bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no transfer has been agreed .  the belgian midfielder is one of the hottest prospects in european football .  patrick de koster is keen to speak to wolfsburg and show them the respect he feels they deserve .
' climate change can no longer be denied .  it can  t be omitted out , ' he said in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day .  ' that  s why i  ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' obama said this afternoon .  obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years and was a member of the first african - american family to live in the neighborhood .  the city may also tear down 49 other homes in addition to taylor ' s to make sure the nga does not leave the city , and take the 3 , 000 jobs it provides .  a change . org petition has been started , and already there are over 90 , 000 signatures .
kimberly greenberg , 15 , disappeared after going for a walk near her santa monica home .  the autistic teenager left her home without medication or her cellphone .  her mother janice greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help .
oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour in hours rather than years .  it is the brainchild of 30 - year - old entrepreneur joel paglione .  he became fascinated by the process of ageing wine .  joel has developed what he claims is the  smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran ' s last - ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence was heard in jakarta ' s state administrative court on monday .  the court decided against allowing the pair ' s lawyers to challenge indonesian president joko widodo ' s decision to deny the australians clemency .  indonesia ' s hm prasetyo said he will not wait for another court challenge .
james coney had written an opinion piece for the washington post . the piece sparked outrage among polish politicians and media .  us ambassador stephen mull apologised for the comments .  he said he now had ' a lot of work ' to do to rectify the situation .
amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who ' d only one month before had completed the myrtle beach marathon with her brother .  glover was also a co - owner of an elgin fitness center , leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death .
ugaaso abukar boocow has become a celebrity on instagram .  the 27 - year - old is trying to change people ' s perceptions with photos and videos .  with 68 , 000 followers , she has nearly 70 , 000 instagram followers .  the instagram feed is a mixture of selfies , snapshots of daily life and humorous photos or videos .
michael wheatley - nicknamed the skull cracker - walked out of an open jail in may while on day release and went on to commit an armed robbery which was caught on cctv .  he was told he must serve at least eight years in jail before becoming eligible to apply for release on parole .  two senior judges at london ' s high court have ruled that exclude transfers for prisoners with a history of absconding was unlawful .
walter scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy before shoving the officer .  scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail .  slager is the white officer fired this week after being charged with murder in the shooting death of a black man .  court records show he was $ 7 , 500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments .
hearts captain danny wilson has 12 months left on his current contract .  ronny deila has confirmed the scottish champions are considering a 400 , 000 offer for the defender .  virgil van dijk and jason denayer are expected to return to manchester city after an impressive loan spell in scotland .
wolves beat nottingham forest 2 - 1 at the city ground on good friday .  benik afobe and bakary sako scored for the reds .  kenny jackett believes it is now the top eight in the championship .
newcastle have won just two premier league games under john carver .  the 50 - year - old has managed just two wins in 14 games to date .  fans are desperate for him not to be named manager .
stephen howells , 39 , and his 25 - year - old girlfriend nicole vaisey , from hermon , new york , were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children .  they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges .
bbc accused of launching left - wing stitch - up on david cameron .  host chris smith was also accused of being hostile towards the prime minister .  listeners accused programme of ' leftist hostility ' and ' appalling ' .  cameron said he did not want a coalition with anybody and insisted he could win majority .
michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa .  the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex - girlfriend and has about 23k followers .  yet some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help , describing his messages as ' creepy and inappropriate ' .  he says by gaining retweets , ' likes ' and using hashtags # michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves melissa .
elliot kear will return to rugby league ' s championship with london broncos .  the 26 - year - old has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh .  kear moved to premiership rugby from bradford at end of last season .
gary lincoln , 48 , was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist , leaving it held on by only flesh and skin .  he was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month .  neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the welsh centre for burns and plastic surgery at swansea ' s morriston hospital .
labour leader insisted snp mps would not be able to dictate policy .  nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with support of the snp . comes after scottish first minister said snp would be ' calling the shots ' .
stunning shots make up the short - list for the wisden  mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 , which was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis .  but portraits of ordinary players also make the list , from children on a bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in kent .
spencer bell , 71 , had bravely ventured on to motorway near watford , hertfordshire , after a man fell from a bridge in january last year .  but as he tended the victim , he was struck by a toyota driven by mother - of - three iram shahzad .
54 % want snp as a whole to play no part in running the country , poll shows . 59 % want her kept out of the next uk government , new comres poll reveals .  snp on course to make huge gains north of the border , taking dozens of seats .  david cameron warns snp deal would be a ' match made in hell ' for british economy .
michael mcindoe lured fellow players into scheme with promises of 20 per cent return .  but scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt in october .  he was known as ' mr big ' in marbella , where he partied with glamorous girls .  the 35 - year - old played for bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers .  he is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have showed off their toned physique .  the fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport .  mayweather is expected to earn a staggering $ 180m from the bout .
residents on greville street say they were hit by ' peculiar ' power cuts .  they also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday .  but they thought this was a continuation of road works that had been taking place .  scotland yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene .  but it was graded as ' no police response was deemed to be required ' .
groom ' s brother lost control of a kalashnikov while firing a celebratory round into the air .  he loses control of the rifle and fires at the wall by mistake .  the 30 - second clip , believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone , has been viewed nearly 140 , 000 times .  several online commentators criticise the gunman , calling him irresponsible and unable to hold his rifle right .
the body of the missing chef , who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has still not been found .  a man , in his 50s and from the york area , was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder .  officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts , which is set to continue over a number of days .
marouane fellaini was one of the stars of manchester united ' s manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday .  wayne rooney believes the belgian has gone from scapegoat to a handful for defenders to mark .  the former everton forward was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal .
the front row at mercedes - benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by marriam seddiq .  one model paraded in a completely see - through mesh dress that left little to the imagination .
dani alves insists he is yet to sign a pre - contract agreement with another club .  manchester united and paris saint - germain are reportedly interested in the defender .  alves has claimed he is not thinking about leaving barcelona .
jeff mccubbery , 72 , from mandurang and ian bullock , 65 , have devised a range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby - holders and calendars .  the best mates use lingo from their upbringing which they say has disappeared , such as the term : ' i don ' t give a rats a * * ' .  mccubberry believes the rise of television and the internet has let a torrent of lingo loose from britain and america .
liam phillips won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014 .  the 26 - year - old hopes to use 2015 to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 olympics in rio .  phillips would dearly love to reclaim the world title he won in rio in july .
the riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al - masry and cairo ' s al - ahly clashed after an egyptian league match .  an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court ' s verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death . 11 of the fans were again sentenced to death today , with their verdicts referred to egypt ' s supreme court , the grand mufti .
david norris , 51 , pounced on his wife dionne as she was about to lay flowers at his grandmother ' s grave in southfleet , in october last year .  she begged him to think of their children but he only stopped stabbing her repeatedly and a member of the public intervened .  he was jailed for 20 years at maidstone crown court after being found guilty of attempted murder .
more than 72 , 000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the camp .  british soldiers liberated the camp on april 15 , 1945 .  today , seventy years on , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers .  joachim gauck , president of the world jewish congress , said the british soldiers were ' ambassadors of a democratic culture ' .  he said : ' we commit ourselves to the obligation of never denying these crimes and of preserving the memories of the victims ' .
new information from nasa ' s mars rover curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet .  very fine - grained sediments , which slowly fell down through the water , were deposited right at the bottom of the crater lake .  the explanation is that the substance perchlorate has been found in the soil , which reduces the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice , but is liquid and present in very salty water .
bobbi ann house , 39 , hit headlines in 2010 for conning over a dozen servicemen .  she is now wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying .  her new husband , zackerie house , 27 , is accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $ 13 , 500 .
two 18 - year - olds have been arrested for allegedly planning an attack on an anzac day ceremony in melbourne .  sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' .  it comes as a friend of the young men revealed the moment the two young men ' became radicalised ' .  police are exploring the role played in the plot by neil prakash , who is considered to be the top australian recruiter for isis .
michael carrick keeps the game simple but has been unappreciated in this country .  roy hodgson ' s team against italy looked like he had one eye on the future .  the 34 - year - old has been ignored by england for so long is a sad indictment of where we have been going wrong for so many years .
nabil fekir ' s father believes arsenal would be the ideal destination for his son .  the lyon star has been attracting interest from premier league clubs .  fekir recently split with his agents after his family were reportedly disappointed with their insistence on pursuing a deal with city .  the 21 - year - old scored the opener in lyon ' s 3 - 1 win over guingamp on saturday .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , was arrested around 1 . 30 a . m . on tuesday when he was seen sleeping on a beach in daytona beach , florida .  the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into daytona beach community college in goldsboro , where he had previously studied .  lane had worked at the college for 18 years but is believed to have recently fired him .
ganjendra singh , 41 , was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd .  seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was declared dead at ram manohar lohia hospital .  demonstrations were organised by members of the aam aadmi political party , including chief minister arvind kejriwal .  they came in for harsh criticism after the protests were allowed to continue , despite mr singh ' s death .
the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $ 2 billion after three movies .  sandra bullock topped forbes ' list of the highest - earning actresses in 2014 .
deputy labour leader has refused to rule out above - inflation increases in taxes .  she said : ' we will put up the top rate of tax , we will not put up national insurance rates ' .  george osborne said the remarks showed labour would bring back the ' fuel duty escalator ' , which raised the levy by the level of tax plus 1p per litre , scrapped by the coalition in 2011 .
every adult in britain would be paid 72 a week under a commitment in the green manifesto .  natalie bennett said the so - called ' citizens income ' would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer .  another green pledge was also a  long - term aspiration  and the party  s policy of leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was  many decades into the future 
u .  s . open champion marin cilic was eliminated in the second round .  victor estrella of the dominican republic beat cilic 6 - 4 , 6 - 1 .  santiago giraldo of colombia beat joao sousa of portugal 6 - 3 , 3 - 6 , 6 .
alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden today . comes as saudi arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the iran - allied houthi movement .  saudi arabia and several arab allies have imposed an air and naval blockade on yemen in a two - week campaign .
the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high - energy x - ray view of the bustling center of our milky way galaxy .  stars more than eight times the mass of our sun will explode in a supernova , leaving behind a hot dense core  known as a white dwarf .  when a star runs out of fuel it usually collapses in on itself .
manu tuilagi has been out of action since october with a groin injury .  the 23 - year - old has not played for england since the three - test summer tour of new zealand in 2014 .  the leicester tigers midfielder has not featured for the tigers since october .
gang of four were seen trying to hack into an atm outside waitrose .  they spent eight minutes trying to access the vault - causing 20 , 000 of damage .  driver dean beech , 37 , reached speeds of over 145mph in the stolen car .  police tracked the gang to a block of flats in tamworth , staffordshire .
nathaly hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement .  she is able to sit but cannot walk , and a custom - made wheelchair allows her to get around .  she also has an oxygen tube in her neck that helps her breathe .
kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six - year - old brother , brady , before taking his own life in their mobile home in hudson , florida last week .  after wounding his older brother in the leg , he then turned the gun on himself .  the injured brother , trevor , attended the boys ' funeral at st . james the apostle catholic church in a wheelchair on wednesday .
kim kardashian , her husband kanye west , their daughter north and kim ' s sister khloe arrived in the capital yerevan on wednesday .  over eight days are checking out a plethora of local landmarks .  the yerevan opera house is a must - visit place in the armenian capital where local music and dance performances are highly regarded .  yerevan ' s zvartnots international airport is well connected to major centres throughout europe .
england beat south africa 21 - 14 in the final of the sevens world series .  phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries .  the english bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to fiji .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , used to live at home with his mother .  he has been promoting himself as an amateur islamic thinker in syria .  entitled ' dealing with sisters and social media ' , he encourages fighters not to be disheartened by the other fighters who get married via social media .
scientists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today .  they found evidence that our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold .
the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt that they ' d enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington .  ' we need to send very clear leadership from the white house on down through the federal law enforcement .  marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law .  and the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it , ' christie said .
police said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a . m . wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham , north carolina .  duke ' s vice president for student affairs said in an email to students that anyone found responsible for ' committing this act of intimidation ' would be held accountable .
tyler kost , who appeared in court on monday , was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old .  the pinal county attorney ' s office says kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation .  the prosecution handed over 98 , 000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims , but defense attorney michael alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to determine how far the plot spreads .
martin fletcher points the finger at the late stafford heginbotham , bradford city ' s chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes .  the fire at bradford ' s valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .  the 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at the football stadium in 1985 .
toby perkins , deputy chairman of the labour election campaign , revealed his interns are paid just 4 per day for 12 - hour days .  labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all , making them volunteers rather than workers .  mr perkins had last week denied employing any interns , despite advertising for five ' enthusiastic , motivated and hard - working campaign interns ' online .
manchester united had four different scorers on sunday .  marouane fellaini has become united ' s go - to player this season .  ashley young is another player that few would have expected to be a key part of louis van gaal ' s plans .
sandro has defended harry redknapp , saying he is not at fault for qpr ' s predicament near the foot of the premier league .  the brazilian midfielder accused people of working against him before he left the club in february citing knee problems . others , including joey barton and joey barton , blame qpr recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 8 , murdered their 8 - year - old son martin at the finish line of the boston marathon on april 15 , 2013 .  but bill and denise richard do not want to see him executed .  they say they are thankful to the government for their ' tireless and committed ' work to bring justice .  they are asking them to drop the fight for execution and sign a plea deal to send him to jail
the short story was penned by the future monarch when she was just 10 .  it tells the story of a 12 - year - old girl who was sent to boarding school .  alice befriends a host of characters , including a ' poor little french orphan ' who has been half - blinded by small pox .  the book will be published in june as ' the adventures of alice laselles by alexandrina victoria , aged 10 and  ' .
david bowie has written new songs and arranged older music for the production .  based on the novel by walter tevis , the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet .  bowie , 68 , is not expected to perform in the production , titled lazarus , which he has written with award - winning playwright enda walsh .  the production team has cryptically refused to categorize the new production as either a play or a musical .
manchester united beat neighbours city 4 - 2 at old trafford on sunday .  the club ' s official website claimed the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes .  city have been dragged back in to this parochial little squabble at all .  here is sportsmail ' s verdict on the issues of the fixture list . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week .  the 25 - year - old heads to the augusta national for the first time in his career .  only five men have won all four of golf ' s majors in the masters era .
study suggests overweight people are less likely to develop dementia .  being underweight increased the risk of premature death by 39 per cent .
experts predict economy will have grown by 0 . 5 per cent in the first three months of the year , down from 0 . 9 % in the same period in 2014 .  tories warn britain is ' staring down the barrel ' of higher taxes and regulations for businesses if labour wins the election .
fritz the golden retriever from california was filmed wearing bunny ears this easter trying to catch a hard - boiled egg between his teeth .  despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw , bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .
police in southern state of santa catarina busted the gang ' s lair .  the dog laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back .  police recovered a substantial quantity of cocaine , as well as weighing scales , guns and ammunition at the scene .
bizarre incident occurred at nottingham train station ' s car park on march 14 .  police have released a cctv image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public .  it is not clear if the wanted man was attempting to avoid a parking payment or merely indulging in an unusual form of vandalism .
the man , known only as donor 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 ( nf1 ) that can pass on a severe , life - limiting condition to his offspring .  ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with the condition .  four families are suing the sperm bank and the case has raised questions among fertility experts about denmark  s booming , and unregulated , sperm export trade .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook ' s decision to open up messenger .  once downloaded , users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long .  they can then add filters and other effects - similar to instagram .  this is the first time the world ' s biggest social network has opened their messenger app to seamless integration with third parties .
sebastian larsson suspended for crystal palace ' s trip to stadium of light .  jack rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem .  joe ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness .  marouane chamakh and fraizer mutch jordon mutch remain out .
danny ings has not found the net in seven appearances for burnley .  the 23 - year - old has scored just once in seven games for the clarets .  sean dyche has urged ings to focus on enjoying his game .
andy erlam announced he will stand as a ' martin bell ' - style anti - corruption independent candidate in his place .  last week mr erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats , financial ruin and official apathy to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by an electoral court .  erlam found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in may 2014 by a systematic campaign to steal votes .
sportsmail ' s nik simon gives us a run - down of each of the sides left in the european rugby champions cup .  leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the ireland squad who beat england last month .  bath are short of experience in some key positions , particularly their up and coming backline .
the nasuwt union said indiscipline is a ' significant problem ' .  last year , staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs , brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children  s throats .  deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six - year - old boy with autism .
kathy bush was arrested in 1996 and accused of deliberately making her 9 - year - old daughter ill for attention .  in the first years of her life , jennifer was in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness .  jennifer ' s lawyer blames the investigation on menchausen syndrome by proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of his client ' s arrest .
paul nungesser , a senior majoring in visual arts , is suing columbia university for failing to protect him against backlash and harassment .  the lawsuit was filed three days after a judge tossed out another gender - based lawsuit brought by a male student against columbia university .
adam barker is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd , which manages and distributes his father ' s work .  the 47 - year - old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 .  the previous year the company made around 300 , 000 and barker would have similarly received a one - third share .
fran kirby staked an impressive 2 - 1 win over china in manchester .  the 21 - year - old striker was player of the match when england played the united states in february .
lorraine valentine , 42 , suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria ( epp ) it causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light .  a holiday abroad left her in hospital for six days as the heat caused her entire body to swell .
violent solomon khoorban , 33 , forced himself on the teenager in leicester square .  he raped her so hard she was knocked unconscious and knocked unconscious .  he then ordered his victim to wait in the vip area for at least 30 minutes .  both rapes were reported to police at the time but it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks .
eddie hearn presents the cheque with his offer to sky tv cameras .  matchroom promoter barry mcguigan upped the ante in a bid to force a deal with carl frampton .  hearn said the che .  offered 1 . 5m reasons for the two boxers to fight .  frampton  s recent title defence against chris avalos attracted millions of viewers between itv and utv ireland .
michael vaughan praised alastair cook in commentary box moments before he was dismissed by jerome taylor .  vaughan is currently in the west indies working as part of the bbc ' s commentary team .  cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the one day captaincy at the end of last year .
birmingham is the rat capital of the uk and the london borough of southwark has the most mice , cockroaches and bed bugs .  five per cent of residents in newcastle , more than 6 , 000 people , called in pest inspectors last year .  most pest - free place was southend , in essex , where 0 . 03 % of homeowners had a problem .
the first four episodes of game of thrones ' s next season are released over the course of the month .  the episodes are titled the wars to come , the house of black and white , high sparrow and the sons of the harpy .  they had been downloaded more than 550 , 000 times as of early sunday morning , citing the piracy - tracking company excipio .  the show follows the ambitions and betrayals of competing noble factions and families in the fantasy world of westeros .
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night when she was hit by a foul ball .  she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the cubs ' starlin castro .  the pirates said in a statement that she had regained consciousness and thanked her caregivers as she was wheeled out of the stadium .
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps of him on a barbados beach .  hull manager says he was ' disappointed ' that the pictures were published .  bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how premier league clubs should do more to produce young english players .
thierry henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer .  arsenal boss arsene wenger is looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015 - 16 premier league season .  petr cech looks set to leave chelsea after losing his no 1 spot to thibaut courtois .
jared quirk , 18 , was in athens with classmates from rockland , massachusetts , to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking with friends .  quirk died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance .  two others who attended rockland high school also died in the past six months .  authorities have yet to announce a cause of death for quirk .
chloe was raped and murdered by polish migrant zbigniew huminsk .  her body was discovered in a migrant camp in calais , northern france .  mourners gathered at st peter ' s in northern france today for the ceremony .  huge screens had been erected to show the many who could not fit .  chloe was taken from outside her home after she loving squirted him with a water pistol .  humins did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for his crimes .
parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations .  the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season .  parma are rooted to the bottom of serie a .
joe root impressed with the bat on day four of the second test in grenada .  the yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves .  james anderson failed to run his bat into the ground after anderson ' s run out .  england held a lead of 165 over the west indies going into the second innings .
the presence of blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , barely registers in nearby van horn , a way station along interstate 10 .  few visitors are allowed beyond the ' no trespassing ' sign and a remote - controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment .  bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , musk ' s at $ 12 billion .
the 2015 county cricket season begins on sunday up and down the country .  yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title .  kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier .  nick compton has joined somerset with a point to prove to england selectors .
researchers at lawrence berkeley national laboratory in california have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave .  they used x - ray beams to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments .  they found that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage .
jack cordero , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell ' s bookstore .  manager said the mess was ' gigantic ' and had to clean it up .  but said his apology and gift card made her day .
jacob hall , from iowa , asked australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his seven - year - old son , evan .  mr hall said his son was ' totally overjoyed ' by the response .  the u . s . father - of - three believes the ruse is from australia .
at least three people poured gasoline on a car at a south los angeles gas station on saturday morning .  the group covered his white dodge charger and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .  the man ' s grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson .  the los angeles county fire department is investigating the incident as an arson .
carey mulligan watched her grandmother develop problems with her memory .  the 29 - year - old said there is a ' shame or humour ' attached to the illness .  mrs booth is a patron of the alzheimer ' s society and said her gran hasn ' t recognised her in at least five years .
stuart broad had complained about the state of the crease after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at warner park .  broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall .  england face west indies in the first test on monday in antigua .
prince charles wrote a letter to hayley okines ' s grieving parents .  there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk .  it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate .  hayley ' s mother kerry broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter .
a total of 215 , 462 licences exist in new south wales compared to the 177 , 675 owned in 2010 .  tamworth , 403km west of sydney , was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 - with bathurst a close second at 3075 .  detective superintendent mick plotecki said us ' s popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase .
jemma peacock , 31 , suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer .  she is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life .  the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the nhs around 1 , 000 a week .  mrs peacock says she cannot afford to buy the drug privately .
david hyche , now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms , developed the technology nine years ago .  his four - month - old daughter turned blind and a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high - pitched beeping sound .  the father has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for blind and blind in birmingham .
the boy scouts ' new york councils said they hired pascal tessier , an 18 - year - old eagle scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the organization to gay scouts and leaders .  board member richard mason said the councils see tessier as ' exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader ' .
sharon smith , 43 , from halesowen , west midlands , was a bulky size 26 .  at her heaviest she was over 20st and a size 26 but has now slimmed down to 9st 9lbs .  today she would have struggled to walk half a mile , let alone run six .
rafa benitez has amassed a grand total of zero league titles .  he guided liverpool to the champions league in 2005 as he enjoyed cup successes .  but when he left there were few regrets over his departure .
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her .  the 40 - year - old said she barely recognised herself in the drawing and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 , saw her that way .  she posted pictures of the 5 . 5l of fat she had removed online .
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australian ' s have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year .  men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services .  mobile phone bills were the biggest expense , and also the biggest disparity for families .  despite the mounting costs , the report revealed over one third of households don ' t budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend .
brianne altice , 35 , pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts , including several first - degree felonies .  altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .
unison has called for more research into the effects of workers ' health .  one member said staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week .  she said the fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and also puts other staff at risk .
sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ' died ' .  but fast - forward three months later and jewell said she hasn ' t received instructions from social security on how to proceed and her number has yet to be reinstated .  now jewell ' s benefits and even her job as a licensed pharmacy technician could be in jeopardy if the problem isn ' t fixed .
tony mccoy has won the jockeys championship trophy for the 20th time .  the 20 - times champion jockey has won 20 times in a row .  mccoy says the response to his retirement has made his final months in the saddle easier .
india has culled 6 . 4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006 .  virus caused deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry .
jackson byrnes , 18 , was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  he was told he would not operate due to how deep the cancer was .  his family took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .  mr byrnes is just under $ 4 , 000 away from raising enough money to save his life .
leicester city host west ham united at king power stadium ( saturday 3pm ) matt upson is out of leicester ' s clash with an achilles problem .  jeff schlupp will be assessed after he played in ghana ' s 1 - 1 draw with mali .  liam moore has returned from a loan at brentford .  andy carroll , james tomkins and doneil henry all miss out .
johnny sexton has helped ireland to the knock - out stages of europe ' s elite event for the first time .  the 29 - year - old has helped french side reach the world cup quarter - final for first time since 2010 .  sexton says he has been very lucky to have been part of some great sides with leinster and ireland .
the $ 250 ( 168 ) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines - allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone .  it feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it  s recognised back to an app , where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off .
josh hamilton , 33 , filed for divorce from his wife , katie , in late february .  katie , who will appear on the 10th season of the real housewives of orange county , has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with hamilton .  the couple have not listed the reasons behind their divorce , citing only ' conflict ' .  hamilton is not allowed to see his children without supervision , according to court records .
around 15 animals ran away from a farm in schodack , upstate new york , on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river .  they then started running down the thruway , a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state , including buffalo and new york city .  three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans , about 10 miles south of albany .
kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for veterans empowered to protect african wildlife ( vepaw ) the organisation was founded by an ex - marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post - 9 / 11 .  she joined the group last november after a four - year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic .  however she insists their intention is not to harm anyone and refutes claims she is a ' poacher hunter ' .
frank lampard reveals he ' d ' love ' to see a gay footballer come out .  the manchester city midfielder was speaking on alan carr ' s chatty man .  robbie rogers came out as being gay and was heavily supported by the sporting world .
andaz liverpool street is built on the site of england ' s first hospital for the mentally ill .  the victorian building has 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists .  mailonline stays in the andaz ' s one day walk room , which features a huge mural by patrick morgan and paul davis .
zoe hadley , also known as zoe hommel , had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 .  she was found dead at a hotel in putney , south west london last year .  her parents , solicitor lisa hommel and gp father laurence struggled to treat her .  inquest heard she suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors , making them think she was not a suicide risk .
christopher flowers , 84 , was driving down chili avenue , near route 390 in rochester .  he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames .  but the windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames .  three good samaritans pulled over and desperately tried to extinguish the blaze .  flowers was rushed to strong memorial hospital , where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck .
researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs .  instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a ' specimen - based protocol ' .  this meant they could analyse each individual animal , despite its species , and allowed them to look at differences within each species , as well as between different species .
at over 50 locations of the kimpton hotel chain in the us , staff will put a goldfish in any guest ' s room for the duration of their stay .  at the club hotel & spa in st . helier , jersey , a sunshine butler is on hand to polish sunglasses .  at some point , couples are ' kidnapped ' and whisked away for a picnic lunch in paradise .
christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in gun attack .  eren eren , 35 , shot three times in the arm , stomach and buttock .  attack led by hitman jamie marsh - smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun .  inan was jailed for 24 years with a five year period of extended licence .
police raided the house of john koepke , in wittmann , arizona .  found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting , cramped conditions .  one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies .  one feline was found with a serious injury to its left eye .  the 71 - year - old will be charged with 72 counts of failure to provide shelter and could face thousands in medical bills .
independent investigators were called into royal oldham after deaths of four babies and two mothers in the space of eight months .  lisa parkisson , 35 , died at oldham royal 48 hours after giving birth in april this year .  newborn thomas beaty died at the same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth .
jeremy clarkson is now a green campaigner and simon cowell will be put on the 5 note , according to april fool ' s day reports .  tesco claims to be introducing bouncy aisles in publicity campaign .  david beckham and helen mirren also reported to be replacing queen on banknotes .
millie marotta , 36 , from tenby , west wales , took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom .  the black and white book has achieved unheard levels of success , selling 500 , 000 copies worldwide .
cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring for real madrid in the 24th minute .  james rodriguez made it 2 - 0 before james rodriguez doubled the lead .  gareth bale added a third after just four minutes to make it 3 - 1 .  luka modric scored a late consolation for carlo ancelotti ' s side .  real closed the gap on barcelona to two points at the top of la liga .
the ring of death refers to an area made up of i - 80 ( 9 ) and route 101 ( 13 and 8 ) major hotspots include the sacramento area where i - 280 and i - 5 run across bypasses along the pacific flyway .  in the region , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill .
chelsea are in early discussions over a partnership with belgian club royal mouscron - peruwelz .  the belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play - offs last summer .  chelsea already have an agreement with vitesse arnhem in holland .
andy murray watched lionel messi and co defeat psg with best man ross hutchins .  the british no 1 was spotted at the nou camp during barcelona ' s champions league quarter - final clash against psg .  murray is currently in barcelona as he trains on clay courts .
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week .  greek feta , french camembert and american cream cheese are least favourite cheeses .  one in four cheese fanatics admit to eating melted cheese with everything .
psv eindhoven midfielder georginio wijnaldum has favourited a tweet linking him with a move to the premier league .  the 24 - year - old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for the dutch giants this season .  he says he speaks to holland team - mates leroy fer and tim krul about england .
mamadou sakho limped off the field during liverpool ' s fa cup quarter - final win against blackburn rovers on wednesday .  the french centre - back was replaced by kolo toure in the 28th minute .  he is set to miss the fa cup semi - final against aston villa at anfield april 19 .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
kieron power ' s wife had been given a 110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van .  a week after she received the ticket , he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in kingston upon thames , south - west london .
tiger woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf .  the former world no1 has been placed at augustath in the world rankings .  woods has not won a major since the us open in 2008 .
one in five australians shop online at night in bed , according to a new study .  more than 27 per cent of australians confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to be able to sign for online orders when they arrived at home .  three - quarters of australians will spend up to $ 300 per month or at least $ 3 , 600 per year .
john suchet , 71 , died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73 .  broadcaster declined to comment , stating it was a ' private family matter ' .  fans took to social networking site twitter to offer their condolences .
nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , norfolk , was once dubbed ' jabba the hutt ' by bullies .  he was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills , but survived because he hadn ' t taken enough to defeat his massive frame .  after a year , he would only exercise in the dark from fear others would mock his efforts as he struggled to start shedding the pounds .
hawiian - born photographer dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company .  inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , he has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia .
jon huxley plans to install sex swings , bondage rooms and dungeons .  the 46 - year - old hopes the change in hotel ethos can see his business grow .  he had been in a dispute with shepway district council over its use as a house of multiple occupation for homeless people .
video was created by washington - based american chemical society .  it covers three household cleaning ' hacks ' for windows , carpets and counter tops .  when higher concentrations of clear alcohol are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet .
manchester city lost 4 - 2 to manchester united at old trafford on april 12 .  england goalkeeper joe hart has been lamenting the premier league champions ' fall from grace this season .  manuel pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the etihad .  click here for all the latest manchester city news .
all saints church in wolverhampton re - scheduled the service today .  vulnerable women can attend their regular thursday sessions tomorrow .  decision comes after prostitutes were cancelled on christmas day and new year ' s day because they both fell on a thursday .  religious leaders have praised the initiative as reflecting the core values of christianity .
porters are carrying passengers ' luggage up and down the stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station , in north - west prague .  the project didn ' t budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal .  the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn ' t have a moving staircase .  the 20billion koruna ( 527million ) metro extension was planned by the prague public transport company .
arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in the premier league this season .  arsene wenger ' s side retain an outside chance of winning the title .  wenger admits he could not have predicted arsenal ' s impressive run of results .
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez last week .  the 28 - year - old wants to leave portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around 30million .  martinez scored as porto beat bayern munich 3 - 1 in their champions league quarter - final first leg .
archie brown sr .  identified his son , archie brown jr , as the driver of a van who struck and killed a 2 - year - old who ran in front of his van in milwaukee , wisconsin sunday evening .  while at the scene an unidentified gunman shot brown and a 15 year old dead , police say .  a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge for the little child ' s death .
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration .  until 1 . 4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain .  but then the climate warmed to 13c ( 55f ) and became more humid .  this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions .
katie hopkins has written that australia ' s ' balls of steel and tiny hearts ' should be followed as policy by the brits .  she said : ' australians threaten them with violence until they bugger off , throwing cans of castlemaine in an aussie version of sharia stoning ' .  ' make no mistake , these migrants are like cockroaches , ' she wrote .  a change . org campaign has been launched to have her removed .
jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in anticipation of floyd mayweather ' s fight against manny pacquiao .  the arsenal legend pretends to go in with his head and says , ' i know you ' re scared ' .  sky sports pundits are asking people to film their own head to heads .
more than 3 , 000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the university in gainesville , florida for the fall .  the classes are part of a new program - the pathway to campus enrollment ( pace ) which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students .  uf says that pace helps deal with the ' limited space of campus ' and gives students ' the chance to start [ their ] degree online and then transition to campus in order to complete it ' .
tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss .  it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit .  the system would have a range of 62 miles ( 100km ) and could target things less than 0 . 4 inches ( 1cm ) in size .
gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the m42 after they held up a cash - and - carry in derby on september 26 last year .  the white seat leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter , that had been following the gang as they tried to escape .  the gang were linked to a further 20 offences where thousands of pounds worth of cigarettes were stolen over a three week period .  they have now been jailed at birmingham crown court .
moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , had been swimming with four friends .  he got into difficulty while swimming in hampstead heath , north london .  eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched .  mr greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of jumping into cold water .
kansai international airport in osaka , japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 .  the airport ' s impeccable baggage record has to do with the way that staff places the suitcases on carousels .  of the 550 airports examined in 13 nations around the world , seven of the top 10 are located in asia .
hibs boss alan stubbs has emerged as a candidate to succeed malky mackay .  john doolan formed part of uwe rosler ' s backroom staff at the dw stadium before he was sacked in november .  former scotland defender gary caldwell looks set to be handed the job .
up to 100 islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life .  teaching watchdog working on possible disciplinary cases against extremists .  more than 50 teachers alleged to have exchanged as many as 3 , 000 messages in a whatsapp group which included offensive comments about british soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier lee rigby was a hoax .  national college for teaching and leadership is looking at 30 disciplinary cases , with an expectation many more teachers will be targeted for their part in the affair .
lib dem minister danny alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut child benefit and child tax credits .  but the prime minister ' flatly rejected ' the plans , claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of mr alexander .  conservatives angrily denied the specific proposals but remain under pressure to spell out how they will making savings from the benefits bill .
paul gilbert mocked ed miliband and joked he hoped his ' off - piste ' comment would not ' find it ' s way back ' to the labour leadership .  he also blasted labour ' s ' entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees and told voters : ' i don ' t like where we are ' .
dave sim has put in months of training aboard his raleigh chopper .  the 36 - year - old personal trainer is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves .  mr sim said his chopper is as close to standard as possible , but required a better seat and tweaked brakes .
24 per cent of 13 to 17 - year - olds admitted to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram .
michelle , 27 , is the face of garnier ambre solaire no streaks .  last month she was unveiled as face of the brand ' s no streaks bronzer self tan range .  the actress , who is set to tie the knot with fiance mark wright , will launch on wednesday .
a third man has been charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' .  the 18 - year - old was re - arrested after raids in melbourne led police to foil an anzac day terror plot .  the five men were shot by police in dramatic scenes captured by cctv .  they claimed they were motivated by the plight of muslims abroad to carry out the killing .
david tungate , 58 , was left devastated after the marriage to his first gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the uk .  his second wife , also from gambia , turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of 24 , 000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy .
manchester united beat aston villa 1 - 0 at old trafford on saturday .  juan mata says his side need to look at the next seven premier league games as ' finals ' .  the 26 - year - old has been in fine form for louis van gaal ' s side .
alison saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as lord janner .  director of public prosecutions consulted neil moore over whether to prosecute .  mr moore told her he had been in chambers with daniel janner ' s son .  mrs saunders said it was her job to make ' very difficult decisions ' .
len mccluskey and his union are a potent force in british politics .  they want to use their financial and organisational muscle to drag britain back to the dark days of the 1970s .  the sheer scale of the influence unite holds on scores of labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution the union would seek to impose .
thermal images show copper inside the battery reaching temperatures of at least 1 , 085c ( 1 , 985f ) it caused jets of molten material to burst from the vent .  this occurs when the rate of heat generated in the cell is greater than the heat lost . li - ion cells have been known to overheat and are vulnerable to a condition known as thermal runaway .
karen danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no - one .  she said parliament needed people like her ' to bring it back down to reality ' .  the 31 - year - old said she had rebuilt her life after being ' shattered ' as a child .  she used provocative selfie pictures on twitter as a way of saying : ' i will not be ashamed about who i am ' .
more than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to rio ' s waste management company .  rubbish collectors will continue to clear the decomposing fish off the water ' s surface until the mass dying subsides .  the die - offs are common in rio , where rivers , lakes and even the ocean are blighted by raw sewage and garbage .
atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city ' s safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance .  armed only with a camera , mr saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground .  unfortunately , the clicking sound of the camera ' s shutter alerted the lion ' s presence , who was forced to retreat quite rapidly from just 10 feet away .
former navy seal robert o ' neill will host a ' machine gun fun ' shooting competition in jackson hole , wyoming .  guests will be put up in the amangani resort hotel , on the edge of the grand teton national park .  also included is the jackson hole shooting experience , which will see clay pigeon shooting as fully automatic weapons .
austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week .  he ' d been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend .  hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition .
amateur jockey lewis ferguson flung from his horse in spectacular fashion .  merrion square was a hotly tipped favourite to win the 4 . 20 at wincanton .  coombe hill won the race at 4 - 1 for trainer and former jockey chris honour .
arsenal beat everton 2 - 1 at st james ' park in the premier league on saturday .  the gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against tottenham .  victory will ensure the gunners claim the longest winning streak in the top - flight this season .  manchester city have a chance to surpass manchester city ' s equally impressive run of seven victories in a row this season when they take on burnley in saturday ' s late kick - off .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
shoshana hebshi , of sylvania , ohio , was strip - searched at detroit metropolitan airport on the 10th anniversary of 9 / 11 .  she was made undress during a search and held for hours .  frontier airlines , the security security administration and wayne county airport authority were named in the federal lawsuit .
moha el ouriachi is set to sign for stoke city , according to the player ' s agent .  stoke have already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from barcelona in the last two years .  the 19 - year - old is apparently keen to seek first - team action .
atlanta hawks beat brooklyn nets 131 - 99 on saturday night .  al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each for the hawks .  jeff teague added had 17 points as atlanta never trailed while ending the nets ' season - best six - game winning streak .
the 5 - foot - 5 , 95 - pound actress told a blogger that she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring vin diesel and dwayne johnson .
ed balls unveiled poster claiming voters lost 1 , 100 each due to tax changes .  claims labour are planning to increase taxes by 3 , 028 on ' every working family ' .  tory treasury minister david gauke hit back with accusation that labour has a secret plan to boost revenues by dragging more workers into the 40p higher rate of income tax for earnings over 150 , 000 from 45p to 40p .
john caudwell bought the audley street garage in mayfair for 155million .  the new apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses and a mews home .  it will rival one hyde park for the title of the world ' s most desirable living space .
teng jiazhi , from shenyang , north china , came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago .  he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him .
the eight - year - old boy named peter penned a letter to health conscious michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough .  peter criticizes the first lady for america ' s lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine .  he also suggests that the united states bomb syria .
bas van velzen arrived at melwood to watch liverpool ' s dead - ball skills .  the dutch free - kick specialist was a competition winner for the merseysiders .  mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic were all in attendance .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one - man pitch invasion at reading ' s madejski stadium last month .  the reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time , before being tackled by stewards .  sumner said going to his first game was a ' brilliant experience ' .  he is now facing a potential three - year ban for carrying out the stunt .
fidel castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year .  images of castro meeting with venezuelans were reported in cuban media on friday .  castro will turn 89 on aug . 13 .  he was last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist ' s studio in january 2014 .
kevin morton gave his son kye backhousehouse , cumbria , an extremely strong painkiller .  kye was found dead at his home in barrow - in - furness , cumbria in october last year .  he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter at preston crown court .
clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , was friends with robert durst when he was living as deaf , mute woman .  the 71 - year - old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island , on the texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s .  he said he was not fooled by durst ' s apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality .
sunderland beat newcastle 1 - 0 in the wear - tyne derby on sunday .  jermain defoe ' s 20 - yard volley was enough to secure a fifth straight victory for the black cats .  the 32 - year - old has compared the feeling of scoring the winner to scoring at the world cup .
alliss , 84 , has said legislation has prompted a decline in women  s membership .  some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee .  but the equality act 2010 ruled that this was illegal discrimination .
steve miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming .  he believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population .  his demands include obesity wardens in the street , fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and steve moving in with public role models who are overweight .  he is offering to move in with people he deems overweight to help motivate them to lose weight .
szilveszter , 24 , injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger .  instead it became so swollen and inflammed , he was unable to have sex .  but nine months later , his penis was swollen , painful and bleeding .  cosmetic surgeon dr vik vijh said there was nothing they could do .  he said : ' this was the worst mistake in my life as i don ' t feel like a real man ' .
bianca rinehart was forced to sign a deed against john hancock in 2004 .  the emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate gina .  mr hancock told his sister ' fat would have grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities ' .  the siblings are now united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother , the richest person in australia .
kevin dixon , 35 , took his friend ' s akita - type dog for a walk to help her out .  he then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal .  dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering .  he was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals .
trainer roger varian insists he has not lost faith in belardo .  the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturday ' s greenham stakes .  the french guineas runner - up kodi bear will miss the 2 , 000 guineas .
carla suarez navarro beat venus williams 6 - 4 , 6 - 1 , 7 - 5 in the miami open last eight .  the spaniard will now face germany ' s andrea petkovic in the last four .  petkovic beat 14th seeded czech karolina pliskova 6 - 0 .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the stark warning comes from general keith alexander , the retired four - star general and former chief of the national security agency .  ' the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure .  we are not prepared for that , ' he said .  alexander listed five countries able to conduct cyber - warfare at the highest level : the us , uk , israel , russia and iran .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
waheed ahmed , 21 , is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut - tahrir .  he was arrested by turkish police at border town of reyhanli last week .  ahmed , a politics student at manchester university , was arrested .
visitors to dornoch have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir .  brown signs normally only point to attractions or sites of historic significance .  the sign was posted on twitter and retweeted by scots crime writer ian rankin .
cannes film festival has been declared a selfie - free zone .  director thierry fremaux admitted he did not have the powers to ban the pictures altogether .  he said celebrities will be discouraged from taking selfies .
richard hutchinson , 40 , from thornaby - on - tees , north yorkshire , has been jailed for two years .  he punched his former friend in the face without warning after the pair fell out over a debt of 300 .  the pair had a ' long - running ' feud after hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it all back .
cheryl howe , 32 , from morecambe , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of 12 .  she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs .  the mother - of - two has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs .
jenner said ' i ' ve always been on the more conservative side ' when he was asked about lgbt issues .  sawyer had mentioned president ' s decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address .  jenner also said that he still considers himself a heterosexual , discussed his faith and said he was a christian .
a 29 - year - old man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush .  he tore the tendon at the point where it is thinnest or where it attaches to the bone .  doctors said his case shows video games can numb people  s pain .  it has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012 .
erik compton is set to make his first appearance at the masters this week .  the 35 - year - old veteran is the no 1 - ranked junior in the united states at 18 , then a two - time all - american at georgia . compton ' s first appearance in the masters coincides with donate life month .
liverpool host liverpool in the fa cup third round on monday night .  the reds are seven points behind fourth - placed manchester city .  manuel pellegrini ' s side have a game in hand on their rivals .  click here for all the latest liverpool news .
andrea pirlo scored a stunning free - kick for juventus against torino . the 35 - year - old is still playing at the top of his game and could earn a contract extension at the end of next season .  juve remain 14 points clear of the top and could still win a treble this season .
edwin ' jock ' mee , 46 , is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes .  he allegedly targeted 11 cadets on a military base in south london .  it is claimed he went on to rape one of the cadets at mitcham barracks .  mee has denied all the charges against him at southwark crown court .
westerners ranked well below battle - hardened foreign jihadis from warzones .  they believe ultra - violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq .  british militants have been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash plates of senior terrorists .
teenager ordered the deadly poison off the ' dark web ' .  he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter - terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack .  the 16 - year - old pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court earlier this month .
shelbie brooke richards , 22 , was sentenced to 8 years in prison and sarah adelia graves , 21 , of crystal springs , mississippi , was given 5 years for their role in the 2011 murder of 47 - year - old james craig anderson .  both women read letters of apology to anderson ' s bereaved family , saying : ' i followed a lot of people with hate in their hearts .  .  .  and i ' ve asked myself so many times ' .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool until the summer .  the 20 - year - old scored for england in their 4 - 0 win over lithuania last friday night .  sterling will reject contract offers of 100 , 000 per week from liverpool .
amateur photographer nicolas locatelli , 20 , snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above briones regional park , in california .  the red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by st george .  the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network .
memphis depay has been compared to cristiano ronaldo by ronald de boer .  the psv eindhoven star has played a starring role in psv ' s eredivisie title success this season .  liverpool and liverpool are also interested in the 21 - year - old .
miami dolphins defensive tackle aj francis is a regular user of the taxi app .  he plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport ' s off - season .  the 24 - year - old also took to twitter to explain the decision .  he said : ' people ask me why would you want to be an uber driver if you play in the nfl .  .  .  you know what ' s better than nfl money ? more money ' .
women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves .  cleopatra , for one , famously bathed in crocodile - milk baths , while empress elisabeth of austria loved to conjure up her own face creams .  bleach blonde hair was coveted in ancient greece and women doused themselves in vinegar to get the look .
oleg naydenov was carrying 1 , 400 metric tons of fuel oil when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11 .  it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island .  greenpeace has criticised the spanish authorities for towing the trawler out to open sea .
beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , has gone on the market for 230 , 000 - the same price as a five - bedroom house in herefordshire .  owners can only sleep at the huts between march and october , although they can visit any time of year , and have to share a communal shower block .  owners will also have to shell out between 2 , 500 and 4 , 000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council .
aston villa drew 3 - 3 with queens park rangers in the premier league .  christian benteke scored a stunning hat - trick in the first half .  tim sherwood said benteke can fire villa to premier league safety .
south korea ' s kim sei - young eagled the par - five 18th to card a seven - under - par 65 at mission hills country club .  ko ' s record - equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds came to an end .  overnight leader morgan pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72 .
ikea has banned shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas .  problem has got so bad nappers had taken over more than half of beds .  ikea employees said the problem is difficult to manage , with management vowing to clamp down on the practice .
prime minister tony abbott said there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25 .  sevdet besim , 18 , from hallam , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts .  another 18 - year - old , from hampton park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act .
yahya rashid , 19 , of willesden , north west london , charged with terror offences .  he was arrested at luton airport on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006 .  he is due to appear at westminster magistrates ' court today .
matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year .  the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' real friends don ' t count chromosomes ' .
rik mayall failed to leave a valid will to deal with his 1 . 2 million estate .  probate records reveal he had no will even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad - bike accident in 1998 .  his estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife .
esteban cambiasso joined leicester on a free transfer last summer .  the midfielder says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy .  the foxes are rock - bottom of the 20 - team table , seven points adrift of 17th placed sunderland and without a league win since january .
the video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ' abu yusuf ' .  he calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the islamic state health service .  the vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group .
mick tabone , 74 , and gregory the crocodile shared a strong bond during their 20 year long friendship .  gregory had been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinni , 70 kilometres south of cairns for years .  mr tabone then spent the next six months setting up traps for the croc .  a heavy rainfall meant the trap which had been set up had moved and turtles had gone in after the bait .
nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain .  the former portsmouth ace slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .  it was dundee ' s first win in a derby for more than 10 years .
the mysterious young soldier has been drawn into the centre of an anzac day controversy after his image was used to front woolworths ' ' fresh in our memories ' ad campaign .  the studio portrait of the handsome man was featured in a 2008 australian war memorial ( awm ) exhibition titled icon and archive , with the awm appealing to the public to help identify him .  the campaign has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of anzac and forcibly shut down by the government .
digby was found severely dehydrated and cowering between two bins .  rspca say he has been revived and come out of his shell after finding nero .
pola pospieszalska , anneka svenska and victoria eisermann are devoted to saving the mistreated dogs .  the k - 9 angels have re - homed at least 700 dogs in the uk and spayed over 2 , 500 dogs .  charities estimate there are between 500 , 000 and one million free - roaming dogs on romania ' s streets .  the angels claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering dogs were never implemented .
clermont thrashed the english champions 37 - 5 in the last - eight tie .  jonathan davies says clermont are ' sharpening the blade ' ahead of saturday ' s champions cup semi - final .  the french outfit are expecting more supporters than at a typical sell - out fixture at their 18 , 000 - capacity home ground .
serena williams beat sara errani 4 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 3 ) , 6 - 3 in a fed cup play - off .  williams committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th - ranked errani .  flavia pennetta was facing 65th - ranked christina mchale , followed by a potentially decisive doubles match .
elena udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her power in government .  the 41 - year - old is a close ally of former president traian basescu .  udrea was the country ' s tourism minister between 2008 and 2009 .  she was indicted along with seven other people , including former economy minister ion ariton , who was charged with abuse of power .
virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season ' s player of the year awards .  dundee ' s paul mcginn opened the scoring for celtic on wednesday night .  celtic are eight points clear of aberdeen with five games left to play .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league semi - final on tuesday .  pep guardiola ' s side have a 12 - point lead atop the bundesliga .  bayern are on course for three trophies , leading the bundesliga by 12 points .
eric harris , first by car then on foot , in tulsa , oklahoma , fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot on april 2 .  once they catch up to harris , they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach .  after firing one round into harris , the former full - time officer drops his gun from the recoil and says : ' you shouldn ' t have f * * * ing ran ' .
javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city .  orlando have a big latin - american fanbase and kaka is the captain .  southampton , stoke , west ham and everton are also interested .
the quadruple rainbow appeared over a commuter rail station on long island early tuesday . commuter amanda curtis , the founder of a fashion company , took the picture on her way to work .  curits posted the image on twitter hoping it would bring her luck .
the 32 - year - old , known only by the initials saka , admitted his father was in charge of 65 taliban troops but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety .  he also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor  s son .
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season in malaysia .  mercedes boss toto wolff said the team will just keep calm and carry on .  wolff said his team has left no stone unturned since the race .
two moving candle - lit vigils held in valetta , malta , to remember victims . deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took this year ' s death toll to 1 , 800 .  three other people - including a tiny child - died when boat ran aground on greek island of rhodes .  emergency meeting of eu leaders in brussels today will announce only 5 , 000 refugees who survive journey will be granted safe haven in europe .
chrisitan benteke opened the scoring for aston villa in the second - half .  fabian delph equalised for tim sherwood ' s side with a solo effort .  villa ' s win was their first in the fa cup semi - final since the quarter - final .  click here for all the latest aston villa news .
researchers from the national museum of natural history in paris say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads .  they found that wild chimpanzees in uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat , suggesting they were eating them for flavour instead .  the researchers found that separate groups of chimps at budongo forest reserve and kibale national park ate plants while chewing meat .
university of alabama graduate sarah grimes has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister kristen saban .  grimes sued the coach ' s daughter in tuscaloosa county in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010 .  the lawsuit said grimes suffered lasting injuries , including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery .
venessa harris was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on january 5 .  the 12 - year - old was the international winner in the tamblyn young model discovery contest . her parents kelly harris and karen monaghan found out that their daughter could have cancer on christmas eve , but her condition wasn ' t confirmed until the new year .
twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool .  footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground .  despite it being around 80 - degrees , the snowed lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt .
talksport pundit stan collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated villa ' s 3 - 3 premier league draw with qpr on tuesday night .  the former villa striker let loose with his wild comments from the press box .  he even greeted qpr ' s joey barton falling down to win a free - kick .
the easter feast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester ' s northern quarter .  it contains two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs .  for 7 , customers are treated to three milks of choice which can be taken from a range including black squid ink milk , chocolate , strawberry and good old semi - skimmed .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley on saturday .  but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .  police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of planning her funeral .
tony blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations .  the 72 - year - old ' s long - term employer , the bbc , is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them blackburn ' s vintage .  the probe also exposed abuse by paedophile dj savile , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades .
kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of wilkesboro , south carolina , was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison .  the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation .  macemore was a second year english teacher at west wilkes high school when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in may 2014 .
gang used three tractors and trailers to dump rubbish at the side of the road .  police and environment agency are trying to clear the pile of waste .  rural crime officer : ' it ' s horrific .  i have never seen anything like it in my 28 years ' .
cesc fabregas returned to the emirates stadium for the first time since leaving for barcelona in 2011 .  the chelsea midfielder was influential , operating in the first half in a deep role alongside nemanja matic .  referee michael oliver booked him for a dive .
unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the milky way galaxy .  when a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star .  this means that , for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides , are greatly enhanced .
the incident occurred at the 91st floor of the shanghai world financial centre .  two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact with shards falling on to the street below .  the workers who were stuck in the platform only suffered minor injuries .
anne - louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer called ewing  s sarcoma aged just five .  her parents were told she only had three months to live .  she went on to defy all the odds against her , eventually moving to canada where she began raising her own family .  a fundraising page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $ 40 , 000 in her memory .
tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart .
a new jersey judge says the concert trip isn ' t evidence of bad parenting despite protestations by the father .  the mother admitted to being a ' little on guard ' about taking her daughter , but that the girl was ' dying to go ' .  the parents have joint custody , and the father said he disagreed with the ' sexually suggestive ' nature of some of pink ' s performances .
kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , devon , ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years .  he crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat .  mr carr was also the first man to run the voyage unsupported by a team .  instead of a team carrying his equipment , he pushed it along himself in a buggy .
romelu lukaku ' s new agent mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned the 28million move to goodison park .  raiola hinted that everton are just a stepping stone for the striker .  southampton have scored just five goals in nine games since the start of february .
$ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage .  the paintings were stolen in 2010 after being taken from peter o ' mara ' s home in darling point . 18 paintings were taken from property investor , chubb insurance .  after being seized , the artworks were delivered to the art gallery of new south wales and havebeen ruled to insurance .
paul gascoigne hit the 35 - yard free - kick that would cement his place in tottenham ' s legend ' s place .  the spurs midfielder was a brilliantly talented maverick , but still a footballer .  spurs beat arsenal 3 - 1 in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on april 14 , 1991 .
mandy dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm in the north yorkshire moors .  kenneth ward , 67 , was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences .  judge at teesside crown court also imposed a sexual offences prevention order , banning the flasher from being within 200 metres of miss dunford .
the greek government has put forward a bill banning teams from european competitions .  but uefa general secretary gianni infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend greece from international football .  uefa and fifa say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to suspend the greek football federation .  panathinakos ' game against olympiakos in february was marred by crowd trouble in athens .
michael vaughan , andrew strauss and alec stewart are among the leading candidates to take up the role of england cricket director .  roy hodgson is launching roses 2015 , the annual clash between york and lancaster universities over 50 sports and 132 fixtures during three days of competition on april 24 .
professor bryan sykes of the university of oxford claims a towering woman named zana who lived in 19th century russia could have been the fabled yeti .  witnesses described the six - foot , six - inches tall woman as having ' all the characteristics of a wild animal ' and covered in thick auburn hair .  zana was discovered in the ochamchir region of abkhazia , georgia .
the 12 - inch water main broke around 6 : 45pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan on wednesday .  firefighters said there was no 1 , 2 or 3 train service in both directions between chambers street and times square / 42nd street .  as much as 2 feet of murky water , more than enough to reach the electrified third rail , had accumulated in some places before the water began to recede .
gavin munro grows young trees into plastic moulds , pruning and guiding them into shape before grafting them together to form ultra - tough joints .  the 39 - year - old believes the technique could be used to create sustainable and ecologically - sound furniture on a much larger scale .  he ' s also experimenting with ash , sycamore , hazel , crab apple , sessile oak and red oak .
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu says lionel messi has a place at the nou camp until ' he decides to retire ' .  messi was linked with a move away from the catalan giants earlier this year after a reported falling out with the board .  the argentine scored his 400th goal for barca in saturday ' s 2 - 0 triumph over valencia .
keaway lafonz ivy , who went by the stage name kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in seat pleasant , maryland .  police say one of the people in his entourage fired a gun that was being used as an accessory in the music video .
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins .  the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .  it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  the most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash .
casey veal ' s son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug - crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random .  the culprit was 19 - year - old harley hicks who bashed the baby more than 30 times during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana .  hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses .
tina campbell , from london , paid 100 for the weave but was forced to seek medical attention after her scalp became infected .  a few weeks after having the weave , she developed painful boils .  miss campbell spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages , south east london .  she said : ' everyone wants luxurious locks like kim kardashian and cheryl fernandez - versini , but what if you could get them at a fraction of the cost ? ' .
patrick revins , 49 , sold 10 - worth of class a drug to policeman in november 2013 .  revins has ' p ' and ' r ' tattooed on either side of his forehead , court told .  he was caught by undercover police alongside fellow drug dealer nathan davenport .  he admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail .
charlotte bevan , 30 , had come off risperidone before her daughter zaani was born .  four days after the birth , she was able to walk out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms . police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near the clifton suspension bridge .  newborn zaani tiana bevan malbrouck was later found close by .
adam leheup , 34 , met his alleged victim on the ' let ' s date ' mobile phone app .  they arranged to meet on waterloo station before crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon ' s wine bar .  they had two bottles of wine at gordons wine bar , blackfriars crown court heard .
crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday .  the 43 - year - old wore a conservative black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and elegant buttons .  the memorial event marked the invasion of denmark and norway by nazi troops on april 9 , 1940 .
teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan is recovering in hospital .  he was beaten and burnt with kerosene as he left a local shop .  the 14 - year - old is now being treated at mayo hospital in lahore .  he has said he would be able to identify the assailants if he saw them again .  there are fears that both assaults were acts of retaliation motivated by a christian attack on two churches in lahore in march .
new zealand couple justin and jola transformed their house into a cosy castle - home . complete with two turrets in the rear , each of the elements fold away into a compact structure .  the house involves constant travel due to jola ' s job as an acrobat in performing duo the twisty twinz .
jurgen klopp will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .  arsenal vice - captain per mertesacker says he would be a top manager in the premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .  the 47 - year - old announced he would end his seven - year stint at dortmund when the current season draws to a close .
jordan spieth will play in the rbc heritage classic on thursday .  the 21 - year - old has had two victories and two runner - up finishes in his past four events .  the masters champion will play rory mcilroy for world no . 1 .
beth o ' rourke , 44 , of paxton , massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer .  on april 16 , the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , lost that fight .  but as she stated in her obituary ; ' i was a survivor ' .
michael carrick has played for england for 13 years , 310 days .  sir stanley matthews won his 54 england caps over a 23 - year period between 1934 and 1957 .  carrick was hailed by manchester united team - mate wayne rooney as ' the best player on the pitch by a mile ' .
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , pleaded guilty to child neglect .  police received anonymous tip about welfare of children , 17 - month - old boy and two daughters .  children were locked in ' sparsely furnished ' room in fredericksburg , virginia .  room was stained with human urine and feces and fed them through gate .  parents have now escaped jail after being handed six - year suspended sentences .
today marks 81 years since the ' surgeon ' s photograph ' was published in the daily mail .  google partnered with catlin seaview survey and adrian shine from the loch ness and morar project to capture the images .  google said there are more searches for loch ness than there are other uk institutions like buckingham palace and the peak district .
james freedman ' s super - nimble hands are insured for a huge sum .  he even takes off someone  s tie without them realising .  freedman has been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime .
cardinal rainer woelki - who is leading today ' s service - urged forgiveness for victims . co - pilot andreas lubitz was widely blamed for ' deliberately ' crashing jet .  investigation into disaster revealed he had researched ways of committing suicide .  german president joachim gauck said : ' we ' re being confronted with a disturbing act of destruction ' .  flags have been flown at half - mast across country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of bereaved relatives in west - german city .
snp leader will unveil proposals for british foreign policy , welfare payments and english university tuition fees .  several of her election pledges overlap with labour policy , including slashing tuition fees in england from a maximum of 9 , 000 a year to 6 , 000 .  others are calculated to drag a minority labour government to the left , including halting the roll - out of iain duncan smith  s popular changes to benefits and cancelling the trident nuclear weapons system .
walter smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities .  the former rangers chairman hopes the club can move on from its off - field dramas .  dave king , the chairman - elect , has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom .
southampton beat blackburn 1 - 1 at st mary ' s on monday night .  sam gallagher ' s stunning strike won the game for the saints .  ryan seager scored the only goal of the game .
ashley young moved to old trafford in june 2011 , but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club .  the 29 - year - old feels he has an important role under louis van gaal .  young feels he and wayne rooney are among those that have had to share the responsibility with captain wayne rooney following the departures of nemanja vidic , rio ferdinand and patrice evra .
brian karl brimager , 37 , was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego , in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli .  he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else .  it has three turquoise - blue ' lagoons ' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels .
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city ' s dorchester neighborhood at about 6am .  both drivers were taken to hospital with non - life - threatening injuries .  as officials didn ' t want to risk running trains under the over - hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming .
49 % of people plan to vote for the snp , with just 25 % backing labour .  in scotland , 49 % voted in favour of staying in the uk , poll shows .  but snp has seen a surge in support since independence referendum in september .  first minister nicola sturgeon says she is taking ' absolutely nothing for granted ' .
aston villa have won three games in a row - a winning streak only arsenal ( 8 ) and chelsea ( 4 ) can beat aston villa 4 - 3 at wembley .  jack grealish , fabian delph and christian benteke scored for villa .  leicester have been able to drag themselves off the bottom of the table .
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff ' s office is seen approaching the woman sitting on the i - 26 .  when the officer asks what she is doing , she turns to him and says : ' just looking for my way out and being at peace ' .  hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop .
james schoenfeld , 63 , kidnapped 26 children and then kept them ' buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co - conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom .  the kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 clint eastwood film dirty harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom .
nina anderson searched pawn shops near her house in portsmouth , hampshire .  gold and silver necklaces worth nearly 400 were taken from her bedroom . 78 - year - old spotted two of the stolen items in window of cash and cheque express .  actions mirror those of miss mar character miss marple between 2004 and 2007 .  martin campbell , 28 , has been jailed for three years at portsmouth crown court .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao made public appearances on tuesday .  sportsmail ' s boxing correspondent jeff powell looks forward to the rest of the week .
dr . anthony j . moschetto , 54 , allegedly used drugs , guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute .  he first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man ' s office ; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal .  investigators found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through a motorized bookshelf .  he faces a maximum sentence of 8 1 / 3 to 25 years in prison .
niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , found their real - life doppelgangers in ireland this week .  retired priest neil richardson , 69 , moved to braintree in essex last month to be confronted with waves and ' hello john ' greetings wherever he went .  the pair are both grandfathers - of - four living just 150 yards apart .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
mike keen , the labour leader ' s cousin , said he was ' officially confused ' .  ed miliband used a speech to say he would ' abolish ' the 200 - year - old rule .  but in january ed balls said it would cost the country money .
olivier giroud and arsene wenger are the premier league player and manager of the month for march .  giroud scored five times in arsenal ' s four consecutive league wins last month to earn the award .  wenger inspired arsenal to four victories from four games in the league .
many clouds , ridden by leighton aspell , passed the line one and three - quarter lengths in front of tom george - trained 33 - 1 .  many clouds was a third winner of the race for owner trevor hemmings .
manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in midsomer murders .  executive producer brian true - may described the show as the ' last bastion of englishness ' because it had no black or asian characters .  he said the show ' wouldn ' t work ' if there was racial diversity among its cast .
couple appeared not to mind being in full view during steamy encounter .  workers at three bridges playing fields in crawley , west sussex , said pair , who were semi - naked , did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session .  photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time .  it came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest april ever on record with temperatures reaching 25 . 1c .
thiago came on for philipp lahm in bayern munich ' s 1 - 0 win at the westfalenstadion on saturday .  the spain international has thanked bayern ' s fans for their ' emotional moment ' .  the spanish midfielder admits he is still far from full fitness .
kfc ' s questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ' strongly agree ' to ' strongly disagree ' .  head of human resources , robert phipps , claimed the test was specially designed to rank the thousands of applications which apply for a job with the company .  mr phipps said that it was not designed to a personality type , but rather different work styles .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people .  he also viewed himself as a ' paul revere - type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800 , 000 from the government .  the estimated one million pages of paper documents now fill 550 file cabinet - sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas .
isabelle obert , who runs nurture me fertility , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they meet .  she believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman ' s body for conception .
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls .  he strangled 15 - year - old lynda mann to death after raping her .  three years later he raped and killed dawn ashworth , also 15 , in 1983 .  pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to dna tests on all the men .
josh mason , who is standing in lib dem - held redcar , said his own party leader nick clegg was ' not the most popular ' .  he said a visit from the party leader to the seat would not ' do us any favours ' .
amanda lamb , 42 , stars in new air wick fragrance campaign .  says it is simple touches that can enhance a home .  one in three brits use home fragrance to transform their humble abode .
asda  s piri chicken pasta salad contains 46 . 5g of fat  two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult .  which is more than the 43 . 3g found in a burger king bacon and cheese whopper .  a 624 - calorie brie and bacon panini from caffe nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a mcdonald  s quarter pounder with fat .
politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible .  pm , keen to show he ' s not out of touch , was seen posing for selfies in alnwick , northumberland .  nick clegg , nigel farage and ed miliband also spotted posing with fans in maidstone , kent , and south ockendon , essex .
sam allardyce ' s current contract expires at the end of the season .  swansea boss garry monk has been touted as a potential replacement .  the 36 - year - old has been linked with a move to the olympic stadium .  click here for all the latest swansea news .
lionel messi missed both of argentina ' s games during the international break with his swollen foot .  espn have claimed that messi ' s injury was the result of a tackle by martin demichelis during manchester city ' s champions league exit against barca last week .  messi faces tests on thursday to determine if he can play on saturday .
grand rapids , michigan police have an arrest warrant out for jalin smith - walker in connection to the monday evening fight .  the 19 - year - old was arrested in december for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting .
brad reynolds is tripadvisor ' s most active user with 66 , 000 contributions in five years .  the 38 - year - old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of hong kong .  he has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries , including 3 , 355 reviews , 21 , 000 forum posts and seven videos .
italian photographer giovanna griffo , 42 , led a group of students to vik and hella in the south of iceland .  they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle .
david de gea has impressed for manchester united this season .  the spanish keeper has been linked with a move to real madrid .  real madrid are looking for a long - term replacement for iker casillas .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
doug hughes , 61 , landed his gyro - copter on the west lawn of the capitol in washington d . c . on wednesday afternoon .  hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no - fly zone .
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the two - story 1840s creole cottage style home in the central city neighborhood of new orleans almost two years ago .  the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating the home .  the home is decorated with materials salvaged from other homes and salvage markets .
the minister for investment and trade appeared on abc ' s q & a program .  andrew robb tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach .  mr robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun because it would give him a ' hit of endorphins ' .  labor mp anna burke later said depression , and the high suicide rate in australia , was an ' epidemic ' .
david cameron is said to have watched the great british bake off in the past . political leaders are used to being the butt of the jokes .
the gulf state ' s constellation hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company coroin from billionaire brothers sir david and sir frederick barclay .  it is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as 1 . 6billion .  qatar  s royal family , which owns more of london than the crown estate , is also planning their own british palace in the capital .
suzy howlett , 54 , specialises in teaching foreign - born children english .  in one section she wrote : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' .  mr tanswell and sharon snook promise that ukip will ' take back control of our boarders ' - so the leaf wrote ' you ' ll ? ' .  ukip candidates defected to nigel farage ' s party two weeks ago and hope to be re - elected in may .
the boy was held in blackburn after police raided a house in longsight .  the girl was arrested on suspicion of engaging in conduct in preparation for an act of terrorism .  both were bailed until may 28 .
labour leader said he would have to pay the proposed 250 a month ' mansion tax ' .  but he claimed this did not mean he actually lived in a ' mansion ' . comes despite revelations that his four - storey victorian town house has two kitchens  including one for the family ' s live - in nanny .  mr miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north london home .
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend , kent , told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads .  headmistress rachaelm said children need to ' let off steam ' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around .  ' i don ' t want to run the school down but i think it is a step too far , ' she said .
mother - of - two lindsey norman spotted the image of jesus in a hot cross bun .  she purchased the buns from sainsbury ' s in peterborough , cambridgeshire .  shop assistant said it made me ' giggle ' when she saw the image .  last week a california couple were shocked by the ' miraculous ' appearance .
thomas lamadieu takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built - up areas to create a frame of buildings .  the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ' sky art ' .  in the past year alone he has visited belgium , germany , canada , the united states and south korea .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .  the filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of the fight .  the 36 - year - old posted an instagram snap of himself tensing his upper torso while posing in a boxing ring .  mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing .  click here for all the latest boxing news .
the cardboard gnome appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper ' s album .  in total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the fab four themselves - but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together .  waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead of waxworks instead .
f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set for the comedy sequel .  scene looked like ben stiller ' s male model was taking part in a catwalk show with owen wilson ' s hansel .  hamilton is making his first live - action cameo on the big screen having previously lent his voice to disney animation cars 2 .  penelope cruz , kim kardashian and kanye west are believed to have cameo roles too .
a third of 10 - 11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4 - 5 year olds in england are overweight or obese .  finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12 , 000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription .  repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler .
steer inn in wilberfoss , east yorkshire , fined 8 , 500 plus costs of 1 , 392 .  owner david crossfield admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations .  officers found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption .  kitchen equipment was in unhygienic condition due to disrepair .  food safety systems , monitoring checks and procedures were not in place .
petri kurti murdered glynis bensley as she walked home in smethwick , west midlands .  the 13 - year - old was filmed stamping on her face , leaving a shoe print on her skin .  he was jailed for a minimum of 12 years and will be on licence for life .  his co - defendant , zoheb majid , was sentenced to 10 years behind bars .
israeli tourist captured the moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks .  the driver makes an attempt to scare the baboon away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him .  before long the monkey re - emerges and to the surprise of everyone watching carries snacks in both its hands and its mouth .
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer .  head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted in a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013 .  the fa ' s head of performance services dave reddin believes the panel will help take safety in the sport to the next level .
jermain defoe was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event in newcastle .  the sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out .  defoe scored the winner for sunderland in the tyne / wear derby on sunday .
ian poulter won the arnold palmer invitational last week .  the masters is the most eagerly awaited week of the golfing year .  he has two top 10 finish at the ryder cup in his 10 attempts .  he admits to a ' love affair ' with the place and its storied history .
the 918 spyder is driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird .  the $ 900 , 000 supercar is a limited edition supercar , with no speed limit .  baird is a highly - experienced racer with multiple v8 supercars and porsche carrera cup race wins to his name .  he is concluding a promotional tour of australia that showcases the companies e - hybrid models .
lawrence tynes is suing the tampa bay buccaneers for $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15 , 000 in damages .  the 36 - year - old contracted the deadly mrsa infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail .  the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices , equipment and surfaces unclean .
adam federici blew his side ' s chances of beating arsenal in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on saturday .  alexis sanchez ' s shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of the reading goalkeeper .  steve clarke and his players will rally round the goalkeeper to help him get over his gaffe .  the incident was reminiscent of robert green ' s error in england ' s 2010 world cup opener against the usa .
ed miliband lost support of plus - sized blogger just hours after she signed letter backing him .  campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people  from all walks of life  but plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to green party leader natalie bennett .
the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document .  but in fact , the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson , one expert claims . the drawing shows a cloaked creature with long , spiky hands and sp pointy hands - just like the fantasy character .
brianne altice , 35 , was ordered to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and sex with a minor .  in mid - march , one of the alleged victims brought a $ 647 , 000 lawsuit against the davis county school district accusing the district of being negligent .  altice ' s dalliances were an open secret at davis high , where the students missed other classes and spent entire days with altice .
michael gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit .  he said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners .  but he said : ' we ' re not going to hit , or take money away from , the disabled ' .
bethune - cookman university student damian parks , 22 , was reported missing after going swimming with student s at 3am on sunday .  students who were with parks , who were all part of a step team called melodic stepping experience , said no hazing was involved .  parks ' friends said that there was ' no foul play at all ' and that is was not hazing .
sam barton has had 55 , 000 of cosmetic surgery to look like joey essex . 22 - year - old was pelted with eggs from a car in sutton coldfield , west midlands .  he says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house .
marina lyons , 80 , took her dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital .  a scan detected a tumour and she noticed bruising on the dog ' s back .  she asked the vet about it , who told her it was from the operation .  rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin tissue from the burn .  a skin graft is also planned for next week .
lobster pound and moore , in cape breton , nova scotia , had posted ' effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children ' .  the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents .
joanne bolton told how she thought she was going to die at the hands of steven young during the ' brutal and merciless ' ordeal .  the 35 - year - old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home .  the knife of a knife being used to stab her in the head broke .  but this did not end the nightmare , instead young chose a bigger weapon and continued his violent onslaught .
lazio beat napoli 1 - 0 in their coppa italia final on wednesday .  senad lulic scored a late winner to secure a place in the final .  stefano pioli has told his players to keep their feet on the ground .  the biancoceleste are riding a seven - game winning streak in serie a .
paris st germain face barcelona in the champions league quarter - final .  zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti will be suspended for wednesday ' s clash .  psg beat olympique de marseille 3 - 2 in the french cup semi - finals .
mother - of - three farhina touseef is the subject of channel 4 ' s unreported world .  medics travel door - to - door through taliban strongholds offering free vaccines .  they are famed for its hard - line policies and brutality against women .  there have been 322 cases of polio across the country in the last two years .
joanessa clawson , 35 , and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , from marietta , georgia , all face felony conspiracy charges .  they ' set up a fake gofundme page asking for $ 3 , 000 on the page ' .  it is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the clawson family .
wladimir klitschko and bryant jennings meet in new york on saturday .  the ukrainian has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade .  the 39 - year - old ukrainian boasts a 63 - 3 - 0 record heading into the bout against jennings , who is 19 - 0 since taking up boxing six years ago .
ulysses beaudoin , 39 , of katy , texas , is accusing of killing his 22 - year - old son and namesake , ulysses nelson .  deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9am at 6622 gordon drive in the bear creek meadows subdivision .  the armed man allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his son and shot him twice in the back .  the boy ran to a neighbor for help , crying hysterically and begging her to call 911 .
the rare mammal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan .  while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey , the mammal is completely white  apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it ' s feeling emotional .  the phenomenon results from the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state .
shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15 - foot flames shot out of the manhole in the west midlands .  the father - of - two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began to escape .
thomas cain ' s mother ora mae died in 1943 when he was just 12 years old .  he was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her .  andrea ferrell , 29 , hunted down the image for the first time in 70 years .  ferrell described her ' pawpaw ' as ' the greatest , most humble , god - fearing , loving man in the entire world ' .
pauline bruce ' s neighbour yvonne ireland evans terrorised her for seven years .  yvonne went from being a friend , to a nuisance , and then a threat to their safety .  she didn ' t even show any compassion when tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 and continued to torment pauline and her son from a previous marriage .
adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice .  gemili has announced his participation in the sainsbury ' s anniversary games this summer .  bolt has been beaten before , which shows he is only human .
lewis hamilton and jenson button have been taking advantage of the current formula one break in different ways this week .  hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session after winning the bahrain grand prix on sunday .  hamilton has been training for the marathon with his wife jessica michibata .
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead in their lower moreland , pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon .  the 48 - year - old husband and his wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw , but only their death has been classified as a homicide .  the couple had been called to the home before for domestic issues .  autopsies have been scheduled for wednesday to determine how the couple died .
costumes from 1965 classic go up for auction at nate d . sanders .  worn by the von trapp children throughout much of the movie .  now , seven of the costumes are expected to fetch $ 800 , 000 .
ivan rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter to celebrate st george ' s day .  the midfield playmaker has been part of barcelona ' s team since signing from sevilla in june .  barcelona have a two - point lead over real madrid with six games remaining .  click here for all the latest barcelona news .
peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage ' s party in council elections , re - tweeted an image with a caption : ' labour ' s new floating voters . coming to a country near you soon ' .  around 1 , 300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make - shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya .
frank abagnale has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters .  he was played by leonardo di caprio in the 2002 steven spielberg film about his misspent youth as a conman .  he has written three books on the nature of fraud detection and prevention .
myles hippolyter opened the scoring for rangers just two minutes after half - time .  the ibrox side dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion .  stuart mccall made the one change from the side that beat raith rovers 4 - 0 at the weekend .
zoe dennise prince , 28 , was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year .  she claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride .  she alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day and wasn ' t given sufficient breaks .  ms prince is claiming $ 23 , 050 in general damages and $ 193 , 375 for her predicted loss of income in the future .
hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica and has a distinctive call .  the creature  s heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible .  scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog , given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century .
residents of new south wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage with another storm predicted to hit later this week .  the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4 , 000 jobs from the 24 , 196 requests still to be completed .  weatherzone meteorologist kim westcott said a trough of low pressure was forming along the coast , and would hit heaviest in the far northern parts of the state .
missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town has been branded in the media america ' s rape capital .  bestselling author jon krakauer released a new book about the allegations on abc ' s nightline wednesday night .  he said that rape allegations were not unique to the picturesque town .
sir oliver popplewell says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to ' see if there was anything sinister ' .  the tragic fire at bradford ' s valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .  he stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson .
danny nickerson , six , was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 .  last july , his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral .  he received more than 150 , 000 cards from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined .  on friday night , his mother , carley nickerson wrote that her ' precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ' precious 18 - month battle ' .
fossilised cone snail shells have bleached over time , like the one labelled a . under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed , labelled b , allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted ( c ) instead of being a simple white colour , they were infact covered in streaks of orange , purple , blue and even large pokadots .
scott kelley , now 50 , and stepdaughter mary nunes , now 19 , gave surrendered at the u . s . embassy on monday and were flown back to hartsfield - jackson atlanta airport .  kelley ' s case dates back to december 2004 when mark nunes was granted custody of his daughter mary , then eight , to take her for treatment for an unspecified illness .  while in colorado , genevieve alleged that mr nunes had sexually abused the girl , and then fled to south america .
julian lines , 42 , was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the cairngorm , scotland .  the 42 - year - old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years .  mr lines said ' life ' s problems evaporate ' when he is climbing .  he said : ' i don ' t worry about my arms tiring rapidly and not being able to hold on ' .
u .  s . district court judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51 - year - old michelle - lael norsworthy violates her constitutional rights .  the ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that such a surgery has been performed on an inmate , an apparent reference to an inmate who castrated himself in texas then was given the surgery out of necessity .
psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4 - 1 to win the dutch championship .  luuk de jong scored two headed goals in the opening period .  psv ' s victory put them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second - placed ajax amsterdam .  bottom side dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3 - 0 loss at vitesse arnhem .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth .  the performance was a tribute to their father , peter , who lost his battle with motor neuron disease 10 years ago .  the bride received a musical toast which brad made at the wedding .  mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage .
patrick lyttle , 31 , has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm .  the irishman was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma .  his elder brother patrick was charged with recklessly .  patrick said he had made a ' fantastic recovery ' .
marouane fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in manchester united ' s midfield of late .  jamie carragher believes jose mourinho will bring kurt zouma into his midfield to neutralise the french centre back .  chelsea face newcastle united at stamford bridge on saturday .
chelsea face shakhtar donetsk in the final of the uefa youth league .  the final will be played at the stade colovray in nyon , switzerland .  the match is live on british eurosport .
raul hector castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care .  he was a self - made man , the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college .  during his career , castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina .  arizona governor doug ducey said castro ' lived a full life of exemplary service to arizona and its people ' .
colin hendry , 49 , rowed with sarah kinder in lytham st annes , lancashire .  father - of - four drove above 20mph limit and then attempted to drive home .  police followed his car as it crossed double white lines .  hendry was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking .
stoke city midfielder charlie adam scored one of the best goals of the premier league era in the defeat to chelsea .  adam ' s audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half .  thibaut courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny adam the goal of his career .
manchester united beat manchester city 4 - 2 at old trafford .  sergio aguero , ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling all scored for the champions .  twitter users are looking at buying a chelsea shirt .
frankie ruttledge , from strensall , yorkshire , weighed 18 stone 7lbs .  had struggled with weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10 / 12 .  ditched diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza .  dropped to 12 stone in less than two years .
barcelona beat almeria 4 - 0 at ciutat esportiva on wednesday .  martin montoya scored a lofted pass from around 30 yards ' downtown ' .  incredibly , the ball sails into a basketball ring at the other side of the training pitch .  luis enrique ' s side relentless march towards reclaim the la liga title moved back within four points of their great rivals with a 2 - 0 defeat of rayo vallecano .
assistant commissioner mark rowley said isis is trying to ' pick up ' potential fighters .  he said there is a ' step - change ' in the scope and scale of terror threats .  more than 600 british jihadists have travelled to join isis , with half returning to pose a threat on uk streets .
cristiano ronaldo has scored eight goals in the champions league this term .  lionel messi and luiz adriano will play at least two more times .  barcelona and real madrid booked their spots in the semi - finals this week .
zulkifli bin hir , a malaysian member of the al qaeda - linked jemaah islamiah militant group , is dead .  he was born 1966 in muar , johor , according to his profile at the national counterterroism center .  investigators said they had a difficult time confirming the death because he was killed in a gruesome raid that went .  awry and left 44 police commandos dead .
ayyan ali , 21 , was caught with $ 500 , 000 in her carry - on bag in islamabad .  she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $ 10 , 000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 .  ali was last seen in public wearing an ' uncharacteristic ' black burka outside court as a horde of fellow models gathered nearby .
media personality deborah hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes .  the 53 - year - old media personality shared her favourite recipes with daily mail australia .  the media personality has chosen not to buy into the ' diet / health cookbook ' trend .  she is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy - salt and carbs inclusive .  ' i ' ve always had a love affair with food , i love cooking food , shopping for it , ' she said .
hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , uploaded the images .  she told followers : ' nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' .  but two minutes later , the mum - of - two claims her account was deleted .
manchester united beat manchester united 1 - 0 at stamford bridge .  eden hazard scored the only goal of the game .  jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against chelsea .
us department of the treasury officials insist the $ 20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down when the country went off the gold standard .  joan langbord ' s father , jeweler israel switt , had dealings with the mint in the 1930s and was twice investigated over his coin holdings .
tiger woods struggled on his first round at augusta .  the world no 111 was struggling to get under par during the opening round .  woods was a crowd favourite at the ball park .
danny higginbotham has described roy keane ' s controversial speech as ' one of the most bizarre team talks i ' ve ever experienced ' .  the former manchester united midfielder also reveals how keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team - mates instead of getting behind them .  keane is now part of martin o ' neill ' s backroom staff after leaving his role at aston villa earlier this season .
jenson button made it a hat - trick in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix .  the 35 - year - old was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle by a marshal .  fernando alonso managed to get a mclaren into q2 for the first time this season .
the critters were filmed at indiana ' s indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen .  footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs .  however , instead of an even - surfaced court , they ' re forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure .
lance corporal leonard keysor , 30 , received a victoria cross for his 48 - hour effort that saw him lob live , palm - sized iron grenades from the trenches of lone pine .  the victoria cross is the highest military honour an australian can receive .
michele leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 .  she has faced mounting pressure from congress where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes .  leonhart was widely criticized for her response to the report and a group of lawmakers said she was ' woefully unable to change ' the agency ' s culture .
kenedy has played for brazil at under 17 and under 20 level .  the 19 - year - old has been linked with barcelona , manchester united and juventus .
alabama - born mom - of - two elisha wilson beach pictured breastfeeding daughter .  image has been shared more than 25 , 000 times on facebook .  it has divided those who ' ve seen it with many criticizing the mother .  one user said : ' i would never ever ever breastfeed my child in the bathroom .  it ' s unsanitary regardless of what ' s your # momtruth ? ' .
more than 2 , 000 families have fled the iraqi city of ramadi .  the advance is widely seen as an isis ' attempt at an counteroffensive .  hundreds of u . s . troops have been training iraqi forces at a military base .  ramadi was once the battlefield for us forces eight year battle against insurgents .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 in their premier league clash on saturday .  pep guardiola split his pants with a flash of upper thigh and navy boxers .  dermot o ' leary rarely wears a suit that is a little on the snug side .
arsenal under 21s face stoke city at the emirates stadium on tuesday night .  jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby are set to feature .  steve gatting ' s young gunners beat liverpool 4 - 1 in the premier league .
brendon mccullum and chris woakes will visit to play t20 cricket this summer .  hales believes england ' s players aren ' t competing in enough twenty20 competitions .  england were thoroughly embarrassed at the 50 - over world cup earlier this year .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jordan henderson is ' over the moon ' after signing a new long - term contract .  the 24 - year - old could be handed the armband from steven gerrard when he leaves for the los angeles galaxy at the end of the season .
mark hughes says stoke must end their barren run at chelsea .  the potters have won 11 of their 14 home league games this season .  chelsea have won three of their home games this term .  marc muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem .  stoke forward jonathan walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for saturday ' s clash at stamford bridge .
dane tilse will move from canberra raiders to hull kr on a two - and - a - half - year deal .  the 6ft 7in forward will link up with his old canberra team - mate terry campese .  tilse announced his retirement due to injury last month .
david healy , head of psychiatry at hergest psychiatric unit in bangor , north wales , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression .  he said the success of so - called ssri drugs was based on the ' marketing of a myth ' .
fifa president sepp blatter met russia president valdimir putin on monday .  the swiss city will be one of 11 host cities where matches will take place .
rory mcilroy has won all of his four major majors so far after rain .  the world no 1 has won four majors after a huge hitting with sky - high ball flight .  tiger woods ( 45 - 1 ) and patrick reed ( 40 - 1 " .
steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley on sunday .  brendan rodgers said after his team ' s defeat that gerrard had been excellent in midfield , as he has been all season , but brendan rodgers must take the blame .  gerrard is the first liverpool manager since phil taylor in 1956 - 59 to not win a trophy in his first three seasons .
prime minister was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday .  he joked that everyone should back his team - but then named west ham .  but he then named the west ham stadium instead of the west midlands giants .  mr cameron this morning admitted he couldn ' t explain what happened .  he later flew over the ground in a private helicopter to get him back to london .
sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone .  dick advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager .  the black cats have won just one in nine and end their season with trips to arsenal and chelsea .
paris saint - germain beat saint - etienne 4 - 1 at parc des princes on wednesday .  zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat - trick in added time for psg .  ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal for the hosts .  psg are also bidding to become the first french side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season .
sir stirling won 212 races during his 14 - year career before crash at goodwood .  the 85 - year - old has half a bottle of wine a day , which fits in nicely .  he said he sees fitness as a ' way of life ' which is why he is still so confident .
victorino chua , 49 , has given evidence for the first time and denied he tampered with saline bags and ampoules at stepping hill hospital in stockport .  he has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all , including three alleged murders , one count of grievous bodily harm with intent , 23 counts of administering a poison .
steven davis , 57 , of milton , and his relatives are sure bulger killed his sister , debra davis , in 1981 , despite the jury returning a ' no finding ' verdict .  the upcoming film ' black mass ' has already upset the families of some of bulger ' s victims ahead of its release in september .
schalke defender christian fuchs is out of contract in the summer .  the 29 - year - old is keen on a move to the premier league .  swansea have been looking at bringing in another left - back since summer .
bikini model alexis randock posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week .  the photo was shared with her 25 , 000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ' fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a ' gold digger ' .  fowler quickly told the hater to ' get your facts straight ' , while alexis informed him that she worked her ' butt off ' .
hans - wilhelm muller - wohlfahrt quits after reported rift with pep guardiola .  lahm ' s tackle on a team - mate at bayern munich appeared innocuous enough .  the 72 - year - old was later diagnosed as a broken ankle .
brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar for two years and were trying to teach him to an outside animal .  when caesar went missing from their home in ispheming , the family tried to find him , and followed some tracks in the soft grass .  a natural resources officer showed up at the couple ' s door and put the photo on facebook when the pig was still missing .  caesar was killed by a dnr officer , who believed he was feral .
one direction star , 23 , seen barefoot and sat on edge of sofa at soho hotel .  appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with suspicious substance .  now newly - released snapchat shots have emerged of the raucous gathering .
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $ 1 a week to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities .  residents of cumnock , errowanbang and molong in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools , save the local bus run and keep businesses open .
llallawavis scagliai would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing .  it was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird ' s auditory system and its trachae .  they say that while it had a terrifying apperance , its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today .  palaeontologists in the us have also found footprints believed to belong to the american cousin of gastornis .
aaron taylor - johnson , 24 , was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 .  friends of the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt ' s character in the 2008 film the curious case of benjamin button .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1 - 0 in fa cup sixth round replay .  mamadou sakho limped off after a clearance on the edge of his penalty area .  brendan rodgers has just two first - team centre backs available .
child was on holiday in burnham - on - sea with his family from manchester .  seemingly unaware of low tide , he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its burnhamrcraft .  he was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling .
aaron hernandez , 25 , was convicted on april 15 of killing 27 - year - old odin lloyd in 2013 .  hernandez had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted of first - degree murder .  he was moved on wednesday to the maximum - security souza - baranowskiwski center in shirley , massachusetts .  hernandez ' s new prison is about ten minues , where boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev has been held for the last two years .
javier pastore is the best player in the world , according to eric cantona .  pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared with messi  s 45 goals for barcelona and cristiano ronaldo  s 51 for spanish rivals real madrid .  cantona was speaking at the laureus world sports awards in shanghai .
the barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo .  the food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the u . s . hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat .
an estimated 957 , 000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches .  this popularity surpassed expectations - even apple ' s . in a leaked memo , the retail chief wrote : ' we expect this to continue through the month of may ' .  it was expected to launch on 24 april due to ' high global interest ' .
the wooden chair once sat on a first - class promenade of the titanic .  it was salvaged by a search team from the atlantic ocean after the titanic sank .  one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur , who had previously worked on board the mackay - bennett .  it has been owned by a british collector for the past 15 years .
christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door , holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich , near bolton .  his act of kindness was seen by samantha - jayne brady , who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook .  the picture of the pensioner has been ' liked ' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70 , 000 people .
survey of 1 , 001 british muslims found one in four had sympathy for isis .  eight per cent said they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for those who decide to join isis .  one - third of all muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non - muslims . one in five followers of islam believe that british muslims do not do enough to integrate into society .
the video was filmed at the orana wildlife park in new zealand .  it shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car .  a number of lions are fed directly through the metal bars , while others receive meat dropped from the back of the cage .
charlie adam scored a 66 - yard goal against accrington stanley in 2009 .  the stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this easter weekend .  adam was in the opposition half this time before hitting an effort that draws similarities with david beckham ' s famous goal against wimbledon in 1996 .
duncan burton , 57 , was released in november 2012 after 14 - years behind bars but was allowed to work for uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs .  burton served 14 years of an 18 year sentence for trying to distribute five kilos or more of cocaine .  if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years .
sportsmail looks at the best defences in premier league history .  arsenal went unbeaten on their way to the title in 2003 .  lauren , kolo toure , sol campbell and ashley cole formed one of the league ' s best defences .
lawyers have warned that differences in defamation law in northern ireland mean controversial us expose hbo ' s ' going clear ' might not be broadcast by sky atlantic .  the alex gibney - directed film was due to premiere in the uk earlier this month to coincide with its american release .  but the fact that northern ireland is not subject to the 2013 defamation act means sky is set to postpone the show entirely , according to the observer .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi - final at wembley on thursday .  danny welbeck expects a tough test for the second year in a row .  keown says he has been unlucky on the club front with goals .
finder . com .  au money and real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home .  putting in new lights and light fittings can add plenty to your home ' s appearance .  ms hutchison said going to the local hardware store and buying a few tins of paint can make a world of difference in just a few hours .
wladimir klitschko will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years at madison square garden in new york .  the 39 - year - old has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won olympic gold in atlanta in 1996 .
rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of ' toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris , who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix - a - flat , super glue and mineral oil .  rajee was recently treated by dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of botched .
celtic lost 3 - 2 to inverness in the scottish premiership semi - final on sunday .  virgil van dijk insists their season will still be a success if they win the title .  celtic can reopen an eight - point lead over aberdeen by winning at dundee on wednesday night ahead of the post - split fixtures .  van di ' s match officials of robbing them a cup final appearance after they failed to spot his goal - bound header being stopped by the hand of inverness defender josh meekings .
codpieces used in wolf hall were too small and should have been double the size .  expert victoria miller said those used would have been far too modest for henry viii ' s court .  the codpiece was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows american audience .  this is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of hilary mantel ' s books .
more than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six - alarm blaze at general electric ' s appliance park in louisville , kentucky .  there are no known injuries at the structure , building 6 , where up to 50 people work during a normal day .  production ceased and workers at the facility had been evacuated and sent home .
bailey murrill , of denton in texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days .  she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for by her favorite nurse while she was in hospital .  the reasons for bailey ' s unexpected paralysis are not known .  the video , entitled ' love our nurses ! ' , has been viewed more than 1million times .
labour ' s deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year to help with childcare .  she said the policy would require a change in the law and help millions of working families .  more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave .
duke of york was visiting akzonobel , a paint firm based in slough .  he has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with virginia roberts .  the 55 - year - old was at the factory as part of his work with the outward bound trust .
barcelona face paris saint - germain in the champions league on wednesday .  luis enrique has played down neymar ' s angry reaction to be substituted .  the brazil forward was clearly furious at being replaced by xavi .
uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago .  they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material .  a heat pulse lasted less than a minute , too short to set plants alight .  impact site is believed to be the 125 mile ( 200km ) wide chicxulub crater buried underneath the yucatan peninsula in mexico .
taya kyle told abc ' s robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna and prepared to tell them .  ' i remembered just closing my eyes , the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe , ' she said .  it will be the first in - depth interview that kyle has given since former marine eddie ray routh was found guilty of capital murder .
venezuela captain juan arango bites the shoulder of opponent jesus zavala .  arango earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his club level .  the incident was reminiscent of uryguayan ' s bite on giorgio cheillini .
newington college in sydney ' s inner west notified parents and students of the allegations dating back 35 years .  headmaster david mulford sent an email on monday ahead of a pending court case .  he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward .
bobby moore ' s famous hug with pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship .  newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half - time .  sportsmail ' s jamie carragher has lambasted newcastle striker for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional .
ben hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for stoke gifford united in bristol .  he slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into the building .  he was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment .  three days later , he suffered two seizures and died in hospital .
the justice department said tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of freddie gray , 25 .  the 25 - year - old suffered a fatal spinal - cord injury after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van .  baltimore police officials , meanwhile , released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the man .  they ' ve been suspended with pay as the investigation continues .
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season .  bamford wants to become chelsea ' s answer to harry kane next season .  he is on loan from chelsea and is the championship ' s player of the year .
patrick barkham ' s book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune , the national trust  s campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled .  popular television series explore it , gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream and coastal paths are never short of walkers .
miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved .  hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal .
uss independence is resting 800m underwater off california ' s farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible .  there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel , scientists with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa )
leroy j . toppins went missing about 6pm friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family ' s home in washington court house , ohio .  his body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen .  police say they have no reason to consider the death , believing he wandered off by himself .
edinson cavani is a target for juventus according to italian newspaper corriere dello sport .  cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position under laurent blanc .  manchester united also hold an interest in the in - demand uruguayan .  louis van gaal is hoping to bring two new strikers to old trafford this summer .
gary goldsmith , 49 , posted picture of alleged culprit on social media .  he said : ' evil s * * *  coming to get ya ' .  flamboyant millionaire businessman was once caught up in a tabloid sting .  he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes .
samsung sold 82 . 4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year , for a 24 . 5 percent market share .  samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones .
wojciech szczesny was treated to a private birthday surprise courtesy of his girlfriend mariana luczenko .  the 25 - year - old was joined at his home by friends and friends for a special 25th birthday surprise following the fa cup semi - final win over reading .  the poland international was caught smoking in the wake of arsenal ' s 2 - 0 premier league loss at southampton on new year ' s day .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
greg hardy was suspended by the nfl just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year .  the 25 - year - old was forced to abandon his bentley , leaving it stranded until the waters receded and the car could be towed away .  it took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car and hardy was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions .
a video posted on social media site vine shows the incident at chilifest ( texas a & m near college station , tx ) it has been viewed more than 500 , 000 times , receiving a total of 5 , 000 likes .
jon hamm , 44 , was in his sophomore year at the university of texas at austin when a prospective 21 - year - old pledge was called to the sigma nu house at 2 . 30am .  when he got there , he ' hooked the claw of a hammer underneath his genitals and led him by the hammer around the room ' .  the alleged victim told police hamm and other frat brothers told him , ' it ' s going to be a long night ! ' .
loved - up couples around the world share their intimate moment they got engaged via instagram and instagram account howheasked . com .  one parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom - to - be .
charles kingham , 86 , and partner pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years .  they bought their home in mablethorpe for 35 , 000 in 1987 .  but it became a ' living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre .  the couple have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under .
the nine - gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall .  another robot weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier .  they are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites in the future .
sophie english was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family .  she was given a chance to find closure with abc ' s foreign correspondent sally sara who travelled to vietnam in search of answers .  ms english has since moved back to vietnam to be with her family .
transport for london launches campaign to tackle abuse on public transport .  uncomfortable footage sees woman hounded by persistent male , who looks her up and down , then gropes her .  every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , the narrator asks : ' would you report it ? ' .  according to tlc , one in ten londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported .
nathan sellers went on divorce court with lia palmquist and accused her of sleeping with every member of the wu - tang clan .  palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the wu , but denied that she did anything sexual with them .  the accused woman went on to tell judge toler : ' she gave wu some tang ' .  it ' s unclear who judge lynn believed , but she did say palmquist engaged in ' bust - down behavior ' .
the video has been viewed almost 600 , 000 times .  it blends practical advice with the odd tear - jerking moment .  viewers are encouraged to not switch off until having watched the final piece of advice .
evan summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life .  the four - month - old had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly - button .  doctors at derriford hospital in plymouth battled to save him but he later died .  his parents shannon and kris adams have been left confused as to how he could fall ill so quickly .
manchester city fans were filmed singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford .  the clip shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart .  a handful of fans were thrown out by stewards after being accused of making aeroplane gestures mocking the crash .
phil rudd , 60 , was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis .  the veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges .  but with his judge - alone trial due to begin on tuesday , his lawyer changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing .  the case has been adjourned until june 26 when rudd ' s lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction .
several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county .  residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead .  while no human waste was discovered , her 13 - year - old daughter , tori , said there was an odour to the debris after it landed in the garden .
mark hughes wants asmir begovic to agree a new contract at stoke .  the stoke boss has kept the club ' s chequebook largely in his pocket .  begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer .
bbc filled more than half its election tv debate audience with left - leaning voters .  of the 200 - strong audience , about 58 were conservative or ukip supporters .  about 102 were backed left , the lib dems , snp , plaid cymru or the snp .
michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d . c . area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own .  ' i ' ve got a driver  a 16 - year - old driving around , ' she said during an appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday .
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california .  the wing can bend from - 2 degrees up to 30 degrees .  it means that regular flaps aren ' t needed - and it is much lighter .  in this image , the technology is visible at the flat ' flap at the base of the wing ' .  technology could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent , and reduce noise at take - off and landing up to 40 per cent .
raheem sterling has rejected a new 100 , 000 - a - week deal with liverpool .  jose mourinho insists he would sell any of his players if they did not want to play for the club .  liverpool boss brendan rodgers is adamant that sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window .
manchester united are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days .  adidas are the new sponsors in a 750million deal but there is no buy - out clause in nike deal that ends in july .  the tour will be shorter than last year ' s epic trek across the country .
sperm whale is listed as an endangered species under the u . s . endangered species act .
arnold palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit the opening drive of the 79th masters at augusta national on thursday .  the 85 - year - old legend has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder .  jack nicklaus and gary player split the fairway on a hole ranked the third hardest on the course last year .
danish government bought in tougher legislation amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels .  previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals .  move leaves few countries in the world where bestiality is still legal .
patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a recent anti - catcalling campaign when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public .  while the women he spoke to all called the practice ' disgusting ' .
sarah thomas , 42 , a referee for college football ' s conference usa , has reportedly been tapped as a full - time nfl referee .  she has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the nfl ' s training program since 2013 .  thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season .
you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay - the dolphin capital of britain .  the miracle of a dolphin - sighting hits us humans at a profound level .  a boat trip north will take you to the island of stroma , now uninhabited .
ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride - to - be nicola braithwaite and her friends .  one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader ' s bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride .  the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ' i got a full on picture with him ' .
john carver says he has the hardest job as head coach of newcastle united .  the 50 - year - old has been the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with mike ashley  s running of the club .  supporters will protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from billionaire ashley .
the man is believed to have scaled the 10 - foot grandstand on the start - finish straight in between cars and then made a bid for the pit wall .  he was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting : ' i want a car .  i ' ve got a ticket ' .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .  he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
japanese photographer uruma takezawa spent 1 , 021 days on the road to capture amazing images .  the winner of the third nikkei national geographic photo prize is part of an exhibition at new york ' s foto - care gallery .  takezawa found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world .
andros townsend scored england ' s equaliser against italy in turin .  the 23 - year - old has already had more ups and downs than most players .  townsend has scored as many goals for england as he has done in the premier league for spurs .
syrian - born 48 - year - old was lured to london on pretence of building work .  but when imam arrived , killer got into rear seat of his volkswagen passat .  he is thought to have been tricked into driving to quote for a job .  murder at 11 . 15am on tuesday bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination .
ed sheeran took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital .  the british singer , who is currently touring new zealand , was forced to give up her tickets due to her cancer treatment .  the 20 - year - old was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia two weeks later .  ms knight launched a social media campaign to catch sheeran ' s attention and beg him to visit her in hospital .
frank lampard ' s ' ghost ' goal against germany in 2010 brought matters to a head .  fifa relented two years later with the system fully operational last year .  scottish football fans still bemused by events at hampden park on sunday when the officials failed to spot a potentially game - changing handball .
ed miliband admits he ' blubbed ' while watching pride , a british film .  it centres on the 1984 miners ' strike and the plucky underdogs are a london - based group of gays and lesbians who travel to south wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the national union of mineworkers .
dele alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s at the toulon tournament next month .  the 19 - year - old has scored 14 goals for mk dons this season .  alli was named football league young player of the year at the football league awards last sunday .
genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of hillary clinton .  ystradyfodwg is a sixth century welsh saint who some believe may have been a breton monk .  mrs clinton ' s great - grandmother mary griffiths was born in merthyr tydfil in the welsh valleys .
on tuesday , spacex came incredibly close to landing its falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the atlantic .  the unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over .  a deleted tweet by musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from ' stiction in the biprop throttle valve , resulting in control system phase lag ' .
in england alone , there are more than 670 , 000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia .  in the early stages of the disease , it ' s the short - term memory that ' s most affected , making it harder for patients to keep track of the day , or even what time of day it is .
mazzy , who suffers from spina bifida , was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday .  mom brein bjorson marzano was flying with mazzy and her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .  the entire plane sang happy birthday and made the passengers on the plane pretend that the overhead lights were candles for mazzy to blow out .
police in oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after edward west , 59 , allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun .  just then , a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man ' s hands , allowing the teens to escape .  west was arrested and charged with menacing , assault , assault and and unlawful use of a weapon .
emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of australia .  it ' s thought to be an old trick to catch an emu - a bird whose meat was highly valued for its oils .  emus belong to the same family of the ostrich and the cassowary .
gunfights broke out and vehicles were set ablaze in reynosa .  three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations .  jose tiburcio hernandez fuentes was transferred to mexico city .
marie surprenant was eight - months - old and weighed only 14lbs .  she was admitted to the children ' s healthcare of atlanta , georgia , with more than 14 fractures , numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic .  after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested , marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele .
yougov survey reveals 12 per cent of people thought that diana should be named after william ' s mother - diana the princess of wales .  alice is the favourite name for the second royal baby , name after williams mother - the late queen ' s aunt .  many brits are backing the decision to take six weeks paternity leave form his pilot job .
revellers at the arts and music extravaganza in the californian desert are known for their ' out there ' outfit choices .  jaden smith , 16 , wore a floral - print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress .  kylie jenner , 17 , shared a picture of herself wearing nude hotpants and hiking boots on instagram .
scott sinclair is currently on loan at aston villa from manchester city .  the winger has scored three goals in 10 games for the club .  sinclair wants to make his loan move permanent at the end of the season .
antiquities looted from ancient temples and buddhist sites in india have been found on display at the honolulu museum of art .  former new york art dealer subhash kapoor is facing charges in india and is awaiting trial in india .  the items ' origin was discovered after a tourist noticed the name of kapoor ' s new york gallery as the source of a 2 , 000 - year - old terra cotta rattle .  agents will take the items back to new york and eventually return them to the government of india .
sidonie , a well - known spanish band from catalonia , sang in their native tongue .  the lyrics read : ' ryanair , how we like ryanair and its flight attendants , they could not be nicele ' .  ryanair has recently launched a marketing campaign to win over passengers .
dmitri kovtun says he was not involved in alexander litvinenko ' s death .  claims he was carrying around polonium - 210 when he died of radiation poisoning .  claims there was some ' kind of polonium ' in his body and it was ' accumulating ' his body .  suspect , a former kgb agent , has agreed to give evidence at the inquiry .  if he testifies , he will be arrested on suspicion of murder if he tries to travel to britain .
a new study by lancashire ' s edge hill university found a direct link between anxiety and performance ahead of taking exams and grades achieved .  femail has enlisted the help of principal michael ribton , principal at burlington danes academy in west london , which achieved an outstanding grade at its last ofsted inspection .
wellington batucada  a community - based percussion group  brought the flamboyant world of samba to cuba street with late night revellers .  cubadupa transformed everyday parking blocks into stages across the cuba street precinct , with more than 100 different performances scheduled over the weekend .  wellington  s iconic and bohemian cuba street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious festivities .
hilary wilson , 41 , had a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section .  when she woke up , she had no idea she had been pregnant or given birth .  only realised she had a son wearing her children ' s hand - me - downs .  it was only when she saw a picture of her new baby wearing a baby grow .  mrs wilson , from whitchurch , shropshire , said : ' i knew no one else would have one like it ' .
fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security and an alternative to the notoriously flawed password .  researchers from security firm fireeye are expected to discuss their findings at this week ' s rsa conference in san francisco . they believe the problem to be ' more widespread ' than the galaxy s5 .
beatrice nokes , 21 , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes .  she is accused of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex .  the university college london chemistry student is suspected of running the vice ring with daniel williams . he faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home .
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand - me - downs , with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling . 82 per cent have a memento of their first child , such as a lock of hair , a video of the first step or the first drawing .  debenhams found on average the second born has over 500 less spent on them in the first year of life .
the mull - cloth nappies are not cheap and are yet to catch on in the uk .
raheem sterling has rejected a new 100 , 000 - a - week contract with liverpool .  the 20 - year - old is entitled to ' buy - out ' the last year of his current contract .  liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf / btc world relays in the bahamas .  the six - time olympic gold medallist will be part of the jamaican team .  bolt insists he always does ' his best to make his country proud ' .
irish trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light is a definite runner .  the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree - style fences .  the irish challenge also includes jim culloty  s lord windermere and spring heeled .
li chien , 30 , had been visiting a pub in xiulin township , hualien county .  his bed - time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door .  li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour ' s yard .  the animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner .  li now faces a fine for damaging property as china has no animal cruelty laws .
jack grealish won two free - kicks for aston villa against queens park rangers at wembley .  the 19 - year - old had a hand in christian benteke ' s goal and then scored fabian delph ' s winner in the equaliser .  tim sherwood said the youngster was the ' sign of a good talent ' .
christine royles , 24 , of south portland , who is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse dall - leighton for unpaid time away from work .  someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40 , 000 - it can be seen here .  royles was 23 when she learned she had two autoimmune diseases , lupus and anca vasculitis , leading to kidney failure .
ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis .
theia , a 1 - year - old bully breed mix , was hit by a car , clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in moses lake , washington state .  a driver hit the dog with a hammer and placed her in a box in a farm field .  the dog survived and was discovered with a dislocated jaw , leg injuries and a caved - in sinus cavity .  theia is scheduled to go into surgery in a few weeks .
natalie fuller ' s daughter , natalie , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis , and died when she stepped in front of a train in baltimore , maryland , last month .  in the wake of her death , fuller has written about how her illness went undiagnosed until her early 20s , and said she was ' the bravest person i have ever known ' .
mandi l . walkley , 39 , and jacob m . austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay , where swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours .  william d . kelley , 50 , who was also rescued by the coast guard , has improved from critical to serious condition .  his pastor , bill bowers , said kelley is ' not able to speak at the moment ' .
women regret their career choices more than men . 47 % of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions .  one in five over - 55s admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work .
villagers in shandong province have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags .  passers - by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or a cigarette could spell disaster .
many were sacked , stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches .  post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate why money had gone missing from branches before launching court proceedings against subpostmasters .  now a leaked copy of the accountants  independent report has suggested that the discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures , cyber criminals or human error .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 , pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him .  the plaintiff , luis colon , also claimed that rapie .  ##jko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car .  colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct , all charges that were dropped in april 2006 .
the meteor shower , visible around the world , best seen from europe , has been observed for the past 2 , 700 years .  the cosmic show will continue on into saturday , so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors .
britannia is the largest cruise ship built for the british market .  the 3 , 600 - passenger , union jack - adorned britannia is a 3600 capacity .  guide pedro teaches about traditional spanish cuisine on a wine and tapas tour .
liverpool lost 4 - 1 to arsenal in the premier league on saturday .  mamadou sakho tweeted a picture of him alongside club captain steven gerrard .  liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup semi - final on wednesday .
new look at the ancient hominin ' s skeleton suggests one of the bones may , in fact , belong to a baboon .  the skeleton belongs to a species called australopithecus afarensis and is around 40 per cent complete .  when discovered in ethiopia in 1974 , lucy was the only skeleton of the species known ; she would ' ve stood 3 . 5 feet ( about a meter ) tall .
robert durst , 71 , pleaded not guilty thursday to two state gun charges in a new orleans court .  durst ' s hands were shackled to his sides , and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium .  he had to whisper twice before durst said , ' i am not guilty , your honor ' .
at least five women got into a large - scale brawl at a zara clothing store .  the fight broke out at a store location in the city ' s rittenhouse square neighborhood .  three of the fighters were grappling , while a fourth came in and slapped them .  a security guard attempted to break up the fight , but no arrests were made .
the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh , and contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin .  using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered .  the book is a collection of 9th - 12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines , and draws on the traditions of the welsh folk - heroes and legends of the dark ages .
kris wardle married his long - term girlfriend katrina in 2011 with her teenage son , mark , acting as best man .  mark was obsessed with the tv show dexter which features a serial killer .  kris said mark was ' the apple of tina ' s eye ' and only interested in his computer games .
un report found 1 . 3 billion tons of food was wasted globally each year .  french diners have seen doggy bags as ' degrading ' towards their dishes .  one mp said there is a cultural obstacle stopping diners asking for takeaway bags .  throwing away still - edible food costs the average french household 400 ( 285 ) a year .
raheem sterling is a primary target for manchester city this summer .  the transfer window officially opens on july 1 , but deals can be discussed between clubs prior to that date .  liverpool value sterling at around 50million , a fee that city can certain afford .
anna and indi jones have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old .  they use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten .  the dogs haven  t won a competition yet , but their owners are hoping they can top their best to date  a runners - up medal for indi and the noosa festival of surfing .
serafim todorov is the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the boxing ring .  the 45 - year - old lives on a 370 - a - month hand out from the bulgarian government .  mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .
monaco face juventus in the champions league quarter - final on wednesday .  dimitar berbatov is convinced monaco can reach the semi - final .  the french club are bidding to overturn a 1 - 0 deficit after defeat in turin .
newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club ' s next home game against tottenham on sunday , april 19 .  fans who don ' t want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in demonstrations held both before and after the game .  sack ashley . com has been set up by the same supporters behind sack pardew ' s campaign earlier in the season .
tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope friday morning in new york city .  this is the first time the writer , actress and producer has been spotted since the tragic suicide of dr . fredric brandt on april 5 .  dr . brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on fey ' s show unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
john barnes and jamie redknapp were a hit together at liverpool during the 1990s .  barnes rapped 1979 classic rapper ' s delight for sky ' s upcoming series of a league of their own .  barnes reached no 1 in the uk with england ' s 1988 world cup song world in motion .
jose mourinho was bobby robson ' s assistant at barcelona .  guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou at the time .  luis enrique joined barcelona at the start of this season .  laurent blanc was a huge part of the barcelona xi that won the spanish super cup under bobby robson in 1996 .
steve mcclaren has called speculation linking him with newcastle ' disrespectful ' .  derby manager admitted there had been interest in alan pardew .  john carver is the current incumbent in the newcastle hotseat .
zayn , 22 , has been accused of cheating on his fiance , martina olsson .  the pair have jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday .  this isn ' t the first time the pair ' s relationship has been dogged with cheating allegations .
scientists at brandeis university in massachusetts believe all - nighters to cram before an exam won ' t work because the process converting short - term memories to long - term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep .  studies have shown that sleep , memory and learning are deeply connected .  most animals , from flies to humans , have trouble remembering when they are sleep - deprived .
ronald reagan met mikhail gorbachev for the first time at a peace summit in geneva , switzerland in the 1980s and asked for his support in the event of an alien invasion .  reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students , and his speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them .  the warning was revealed in a book about ufos by dr david clarke , which examines the extent to which americans believed in stories about aliens .
ruth bader ginsburg , 82 , has been unusually open about her opinions .  she will be part of a decision which could legalize same - sex marriage .  the case is being brought by james obergefell v . hodges , an ohio man who married his husband in maryland in maryland .  ginsburg is one of four liberal - voting supreme court justices .
nyia parler , 41 , commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on tuesday .  just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care - dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia .  parler was admitted to a maryland facility on sunday for an ' undisclosed condition ' and will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself .
pep guardiola ' s bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league .  sportsmail ' s reporters look at each side ' s reasons for optimism .  munich can focus largely on europe thanks to a 12 - point lead over wolfsburg .
new tool downloads a history of every google search you ever made while logged into a google account .  to delete your entire search history , click onto a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date .  it exports all of your searches to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter .
fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops offering their own make - up ranges as well as clothing .  claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion brands to the test . topshop beauty ' s eye shadow creates an iridescent shimmer and the lunar colour is perfect for a smokey eye .
javier hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united .  the 26 - year - old scored the winner in the champions league quarter - final against atletico madrid on wednesday .  hernandez will return to manchester united at the end of the season .
robert kennedy jr used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccines .  on monday , he publicly retracted his statement .  he will use other words to describe the autism crisis in the future .
the unidentified woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage .  she walked to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday , climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet .  police arrived on scene at about 11 . 50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down .
stars like cindy crawford , yasmin le bon and christie brinkley are making their own names in the fashion world .  cindy crawford ' s daughter kaia gerber made her modelling debut for young versace aged just ten .  georgia jagger and ella richards bon have all walked for big name designers like tommy hilfiger and chanel .
a new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list the ways they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite .  many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be ' praised ' for doing normal things , like going to university .
ed miliband says there is ' nothing more british than the dream of home - ownership ' .  he wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on .  move to clampdown on landbanking has proven unpopular .  nine in 10 people buying their first home will benefit from the stamp duty break .
philippe mexes thought he had scored an own goal , but it was ruled out .  inter owner erick thohir had warned both sides that the ' eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the pre - match build up .  former chelsea defender gary medel made it 2 - 1 after 51 seconds .
unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe .  found it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks .  overall , the data was viewed more than 1 , 000 times and downloaded 47 times .  some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help fiorentina qualify for the europa league semi - finals .  oleksandr shovkovskiy was sent off in the direction of holland international jeremain lens .
daniel o ' reilly came under fire last year after telling a female audience member she was ' gagging for a rape ' .  dapper laughs sprang to fame on video network vine where he joked about how women couldn  t resist him .  despite his jibes being branded  sexist  his latest video shows he hasn  t changed tact .
waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale councillor shakil ahmed .  accused of trying to sneak into syria with eight of his relatives .  arrested at birmingham airport , two women and two men aged 22 and 47 .  waheed was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to uk .
more than 50 , 000 britons have signed up to a scheme offering discount starter homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder .  the project , launched last month , is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme .  it doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100 , 000 to 200 , 000 .  tory strategists believe it will appeal to parents and grandparents worried about their families  prospects of ever getting onto the property ladder .
randwick racecourse is one of australia ' s most prestigious race days .  stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9 . 30am saturday morning . 25 , 000 punters dressed to the nines were disappointed to find an empty track .  ticket - holders who won ' t be able to make monday ' s event will get a refund .
tiger woods , 39 , was pictured hugging sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club , georgia .  the former world no 1 needs all the support he can get after recently dropped out of the world ' s top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996 .  wood ' s two children are the legacy of his six year marriage to former swedish model elin nordegren .
tory leader hit back at andrew marr after being left baffled by questions .  he was heckled as he addressed party activists and workers from decorative panels during a campaign visit to calder valley .  mr cameron promised at the weekend that he would  take to the streets  to defend the tory record and urge voters to reject both labour and ukip .
elizabeth ' elle ' edmunds , 31 , was issued a court notice this week for two counts of obtaining benefits by deception .  she allegedly faked a terminal illness to raise thousands of dollars .  strangers set up a facebook page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment .  ms edmunds told a belmont local court she was put up to the act by her violent partner john heagney , and did it because she feared for her life .
joseph getty , 26 , had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath .  he was stopped due to the manner of the driving , westminster magistrates ' court heard .  getty earns 40 , 000 a year as a financial analyst and was given a 96 , 000 bonus last year .
kfc allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer on saturday .  the fast food giant hoped to dispel ' blanket perceptions ' of the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store .  the 612 kfc outlets in australia attended an earlier tour of the store outside sydney ' s airport in mascot , alongside four couples who had registered as skeptics .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jeannie flynn , 53 , lay stricken in the basement of a fulham cafe .  she had been walking to her gps to pick up a prescription when a man told her to walk around a one - foot hole in the street .  as she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted towards .  ms flynn was taken to a hospital in fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising .  her partner chris jeffries , 48 , claims she could have been killed in the accident .
tony pulis believes joey barton ' probably had a point ' about west brom losing their cool .  the midfielder was commenting after losing to queens park rangers earlier this season .  pulis recalled his own misfortune from leading 2 - 0 and losing on penalties .  qpr meet qpr at the hawthorns on saturday .
aljaz bedene ' s present ineligibility for the davis cup team has made it less of an issue .  andy murray says anyone questioning the move would be better working on their world ranking .  james ward and kyle edmund should try to use bedene as motivation to get better as a player .
colombian - born manuela arbelaez ' s mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday ' s show .  the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai se before before contestant andrea had finished guessing .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century .  sugar ray leonard , roberto duran , thomas hearns and marvin hagler share some of the ring ' s epic battles .
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for around eight months .  the 81 - year - old has been given two course - meals six days a week and three - course meals on sundays .  mr ashton is campaigning for more to be done to ensure better food standards .
rory mcilroy says he has arrived at augusta ready to mount a serious challenge .  the world no 1 is hoping to win the masters by winning the masters .  the 28 - year - old admits he has been ready to start his career at augusta .  gene sarazen , ben hogan , gary player , jack nicklaus and tiger woods have all won all four major titles .
erica avery , 17 , was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom tuesday after being accused of using the internet , which itself violates the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $ 100 , 000 bond .  avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood , florida .
three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5 ' s london hq .  the group were allowed to attend a meeting with the security service ' s director - general andrew parker .  the winning contestants had to solve a series of challenges to work out the location of the ' spy school ' in manchester .  it comes at a time when the uk  s intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats from al qaeda , islamic state and russia .
andre gomes has been linked with a move to manchester united and chelsea .  the 21 - year - old has netted four times in 25 la liga appearances since leaving benfica last summer .  gomes insists he is happy to stay at valencia and ply his trade in la liga .
riley filmer , 14 , has been prevented from attending classes at mcclelland college , in melbourne ' s south - east . her mother anne parker claims her daughter has been excluded and excluded .  the secondary school ' s policy states that girls are to wear ' black leather lace - up school shoes ( not fashion heels ) ' .
hector bellerin and francis coquelin have played a vital role in arsenal ' s late push for the premier league title .  arsene wenger had all but given up on bellerin when he was sent on loan to charlton before christmas .  bellerin scored his second arsenal goal against liverpool on saturday .
a report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola .  ccs refers to the process of capturing carbon released by burning .  fossil fuels and storing it in porous rock layers in areas such as depleted oil and gas reservoirs .  the technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal - power plant by up to 90 per cent , but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground .
radamel falcao has struggled on loan at manchester united .  river plate are keen to sign the striker but admit ' the doors are open ' .  the 29 - year - old has scored just four premier league goals .
450kg ( 990lb ) beast was coated in a yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m - tall tandoor kiln .  chef momin hopur , a uighur celebrity chef , spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual apricot tourism festival last week .  hundreds of customers line up to buy the roast , which took five hours to cook .
bruce jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight - episode docu - series on e ! starting july 27 .  his sons burt , brandon and brody jenner and stepdaughter kim kardashian are reluctant to hear and watch just how much their 65 - year - old patriarch will reveal about gender change .  there is no denying that bruce ' s six biological children and four stepkids are ' proud ' of the father figure .
christian eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen .  spurs midfielder has been with girlfriend for almost three years .  eriksen hasn ' t registered a goal since netting against west brom in january .  spurs now sit seventh in the premier league table , seven points off the fourth place they need to qualify for the champions league .
trooper abraham martinez , a 10 - year veteran trooper , took chase when steven gaydos , 25 , ran a stop sign near houston in december 2012 .  gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license .  martinez was ultimately suspended for three days without pay for the unconventional tactic .  the footage only emerged this week as the austin american statesman investigated outdated tactics used in department of public safety pursuits .
police across malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos .  tanzania ' s prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts .  at least 15 people with albinism , mostly children , have been killed , wounded , abducted or kidnapped in east africa in the past six months .
al kellock and dougie hall will start at lock against cardiff blues .  the pair have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club .  the encounter is being billed as a tribute to them both .
will allen , susan daub and their capital financial partners investment firms are accused of reaping more than $ 31 million in a ponzi scheme .  allen , 36 , was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012 , playing for the new york giants and the miami dolphins .  the sec said allen and daub paid about $ 20 million to investors but received only around $ 13 million in loan repayments from athletes .
calcium formations on  altamura man  suggest he was 128 , 000 to 187 , 000 years old .  researchers have , up until now , held off from excavating the remains as they believed it would cause irreparable to the skeleton .  an earlier study of the head and part of a shoulder of suggested the skeleton belong to a neanderthal .
sir david nicholson said it was crucial for all the main political parties to backed the nhs  s five - year plan , which calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020 .  david cameron and nick clegg have pledged to find the cash  but ed miliband has refused .
adele berry was put through to a call centre in south africa last month .  the 21 - year - old was left shocked when the man got in touch with her .  he later sent her messages featuring photos of himself and kissing emoticons .  the man has now been suspended by vodafone , which says it has a number of call centres in the uk .
max is a 18 . 5in high fully - grown husky corgi cross and is looking for a new home .  he ' s become a favourite with workers at the dogs trust in basildon , essex .  there are currently 54 other wolf - like breeds being cared for by the charity ' s network of animal rehousing centres .
a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives at hillsborough .  liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims . philippe coutinho shared a picture on instagram on the 26th anniversary of the disaster .  everton marked the anniversary with a post on twitter .
jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session on saturday .  the 32 - year - old is the leading test wicket - taker in england ' s history .  anderson wants to continue playing test cricket for as long as possible .
holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners to have their cars checked out immediately .  the latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 .  this brings holden to a total of five recalls in the first four months of this year .
stephen king ' s eight - book series the dark tower is on its way to big and small screens .  it follows a ' gunslinger ' on his journey towards a tower .  king said it combines the essences of the wild west , science fiction , and lord of the rings .  javier bardem and russell crowe are still rumored to be interested in the lead role .
motaz zaid , who is currently studying economics at the university of greenwich , was with a friend in parsons green , south west london , in the early hours of friday .  his friend , who wishes to remain anonymous , said the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before mr zaid was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate and driven off .
the 87 - year - old woman was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777 - 300 .  she was restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into unplanned landing .  mailonline travel have been advised by irish police that the woman has been released without charge , and she will be undergoing a ' fit - to - fly - screening ' .
university of wisconsin badgers will face off against university in the ncaa final on monday - the school ' s first final since 1941 .  more than 30 drunk and disorderly fans gathered near campus in lexington , kentucky , saturday night to vent the loss .  police in riot gear arrested 31 people from the ' rowdy ' and at times hostile on their twitter page .  another three people were taken to the hospital for non - serious injuries .
michelle mone paid 780 , 700 for the duplex in glasgow ' s park circus area .  she had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013 , it is claimed .  she will now move back into five - bedroom mansion in thorntonhall , lanarkshire .  ms mone also has 2million flat in mayfair , where she and michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex - husband .
blast at goure px plant in zhangzhou , fujian province , on monday night .  it took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control .  hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area .
leigh griffiths scored hat - trick as celtic beat celtic 1 - 0 on saturday .  the 24 - year - old says he has ' knuckled down ' and ' proved jc wrong ' .  celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins are seeing the rewards now .  griffiths says he wants to be starting every game from now until the end of the season and score as many goals as i possibly can .
lewis hamilton has been on pole at the last four of the bahrain grand prix .  the 30 - year - old claims he is a perfectionist and appears to be driving as close to perfection as can possibly be achieved in the sport .  hamilton already holds a 27 - point cushion in the drivers ' standings .
snowden admitted only ' evaluating ' the files stolen from gchq and the us national security agency .  he also acknowledged there had been a  f * * * - up  when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda .  the 31 - year - old stunned the world in june 2013  less than a month after the murder of lee rigby by islamic extremists .
lee garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star .  ' i think he had me checked out , ' he says in an interview with people who didn ' t know they were in fact dating .
australian josh kerr was attempting to surf the notorious ' box ' at margaret river ' s main break on wednesday .  the 31 - year - old flipped head first into the break , emerging bruised and beaten .  another spectacular wipe - out went to owen wright just after he dropped in on a huge wave .  adam melling , owen wright and john john florence also succumbed to the powerful break .
elche beat real sociedad 1 - 0 at the martinez valero stadium on monday .  jonathas took advantage of a defensive blunder to give elche the lead .  xabi prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side .  barcelona are top of the league on 78 points , two ahead of rivals real madrid in second - place .
london - based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji across 60 categories .  happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , making up 45 per cent of all the messages .  in the us , gadget users send 30 per cent more lgbt - related emojs than the average , including a rainbow , men holding hands or women holding hands .
jamie carragher believes chelsea captain john terry is the best defender to have played in the premier league .  the 34 - year - old led jose mourinho ' s side to a 0 - 0 draw against arsenal on sunday .  terry has enjoyed another impressive season at stamford bridge .
aritz aduriz pounced in the 90th minute to secure a 1 - 1 draw with athletic bilbao .  valencia had been reduced to 10 men after nicolas otamendi received a straight red card .  getafe bolstered their hopes of securing primera division status for next season .  espanyol extended villarreal ' s winless streak to six games in all competitions .
mitzi neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry ' s paired exchange program .  she received a kidney because her husband - - who was not a match for her - - after her husband gave his kidney to a patient in need .  in turn , neyen received an organ from matt crane , 55 , who lives outside of philadelphia .
lawrence phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate in a central california prison .  phillips is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego .  soward was found lifeless on saturday morning in the cell he shared with phillips , 39 , at kern valley state prison .
lloyd dennis charged with 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child .  the 32 - year - old from eastleigh has been a lecturer at basingstoke college of technology .  among schools where he has taught is bishop  s waltham junior school and cadland junior in the new forest . hampshire constabulary are appealing for anyone with information to come forward to help its investigation .
alastair cook was able to set west indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions that would even surpass their own world record successful test chase .  it remains highly unlikely that west indies will today surpass the 418 for seven they made to defeat australia at the old st john  s rec 12 years ago .
coachella valley music and arts festival in indio , california , runs for its second weekend from april 17 - 19 .  the likes of ac / dc , jack white and florence beckham take in the famous fest that costs an average of 187 per day .  england  s glastonbury , running june 24 to 28 , is the third most expensive with a 113 per day cost calculated from the five - day 565 ticket .
jason lee , 38 , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife .  lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100 , 000 bail .  a lawyer who represented lee at his arraignment said his client was innocent and that the sex was consensual .
jasper and jasmine were surrendered to pug rescue and adoption victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems . both dogs were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis .  after six months of rehabilitation , both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored .
four royal navy sailors allegedly attacked a 21 - year - old woman at a drinks party in nova scotia on april 10 .  the alleged victim was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses .  they were led into dartmouth provincial court on friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies .  the men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault .  if found guilty , the men could face 14 years in jail .
jose mourinho will play nemanja matic and cesc fabregas against qpr .  the pair are just one booking away from a two - game ban .  the duo would miss games against arsenal and manchester united .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
john brynarsky ' s son chris was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county , north carolina .  when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it .  his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car , but not before writing a message on the inside .
alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago .  she has more than 102 , 000 followers on instagram thanks to her rock - hard abs .
brian and joan ogden , from wigan , had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho in benidorm .  cctv footage shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of mr ogden , 80 , while her accomplice attempts to block the view of mrs ogden , 78 .  mr ogden ' s son mick said his parents were tougher than they look .
cole skuse opened the scoring for ipswich in the first half .  bruno ecuele manga equalised for the visitors in the second half .  freddie sears wraps up the win with a third goal in the 90th minute .
sarah weatherill , 31 , was so dependent on red bull she drank 24 cans of caffeine every day .  the law student was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the drink .  she spent 5 , 460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009 .  she claims she has been cured of her addiction thanks to just one 50 - minute session .
a 160kg man fell down a stormwater drain in sydney ' s west on wednesday .  firefighters , paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole .  it ' s unknown how the man , who fell down the two - metre drain , was rescued by 15 firefighters .
neymar , dani alves and adriano were delighted with their win over celta vigo in la liga .  the brazilians all played a crucial role in helping the catalonian side return home with all three points .  jeremy mathieu admits his side were poor and puts it down to the international break .
lib dem leader ' s wife miriam says mps ' deserve ' to be re - elected in may .  she hit the campaign trail on her own today as mr clegg said she ' just wanted to do her bit ' for the party .  pair met cast and crew of short film examining girls and gangs in london .
aston villa boss tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling ' s face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday .  footage emerged showing the liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria .  sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes as well as taking so - called  hippy crack  through a balloon .
eugenie bouchard was beaten 6 - 3 , 6 - 1 by lauren davis in the second round at the family circle cup in charleston on wednesday .  davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke the canadian top seed ' s serve twice in the final set .  davis , ranked 66th in the world , said : ' i ' ve never beaten here before , so i came out knowing i had nothing to lose ' .
lydia ko shot a 2 - over 74 to tie the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at mission hills in the first major championship of the year .  the 17 - year - old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour .  ko has finished under par in 17 tournaments in a row since the women ' s british open last summer .
steve harmison has led ashington afc to seven wins on the spin .  the 36 - year - old has now won seven with his club side .  harmison is a boyhood newcastle fan and is doing well with the non - league side .
chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo ' s yoshinori muto .  the 22 - year - old has played for the j - league side since 2013 .  muto will join chelsea on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge .
phoenix keating , alice mccall , zhivago and khim hang teamed up with the brisbane designer to style the runway .  the collection featured stocking caps , fishnets , tattoos and leather harnesses at sydney ' s carriageworks .  at 22 , hang has been said to be the youngest designer to show at mbfwa .
the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it  beneath one  s dignity  hitler seems ill at ease with his hands , squeezing them into his tight lederhosen pockets in one photo , and perching them awkwardly on his hips in another .  in one comical picture , he angles his head and tries a mean and moody stare to camera , topped off by a military cap .  now , military historians have had it translated and are about to publish it in britain .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans .  a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana , said assistant district attorney chris bowman .  his arrest related to those charges has kept durst from being extradited to los angeles , where he ' s charged in the december 2000 death of longtime friend susan berman .
jason wilcox wants to emulate manchester united ' s ' class of 92 ' .  the manchester city under 18s take on chelsea in the fa youth cup final .  wilcox believes city ' s lack of english talent is ' pretty depressing ' .
bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a world championship grand prix but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years .  sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by herman tilke .  michael schumacher won the first race at the circuit as he leads in front of ferrari ' s rubens barrichello and jenson button .
the 69 - year - old actress said she was in her prime age - wise in the ' unfortunate ' 1970s .  in an interview with times2 , she said : ' i happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f * * * 1940s or 1950s .  it was horrible ' .  her dress is by badgley mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet .
a dozen native american actors and the cultural adviser walked off the set of adam sandler ' s new movie the ridiculous 6 on wednesday .  the film stars sandler , taylor lautner , nick nolte and steve buscemi .
megan huntsman , 40 , is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to murders .  she told police she started killing off her children when she got pregnant .  but family members rallied round her even as her ' cold and calculated ' crimes were recounted to the court .
the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700 , 000 square metres and is set to handle 45million passengers a year .  the six - tier concept aims to decrease customer walking distances and increase connectivity .  it is hoped to combine the rich chinese culture with its impressive future on the worldwide stage .
arlette ricci , 74 , was  particularly determined  to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades .  ricci had denied hiding the equivalent of more than 15million , saying she had simply tried to avoid tax  which is not .  however , bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter , margot vignat , suggested otherwise .
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car .  but while she was gone , the 43 - year - old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest in their home in saratoga springs , utah .  she began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband .  trusting her intuition , she rushed home to find the father - of - five stuck underneath the car .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her students under the subject line ' great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 .  the legal writing professor said she was ' mortified ' and ' in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done .  she said she would not divulge in her column how the mistake happened .  the university said in a statement that federal law requires it investigate all reports of ' inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature ' .
david alderson , 72 , was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in january last year .  kevin cooper and trewen kevern allegedly beat him and left him to drown .  police originally thought he had died because he was dressed in lycra .
eniola aluko , lucy bronze , karen carney , jess clarke , kelly smith and ji so - yun have all made the shortlist . manchester city defender lucy bronze is the current holder of the women ' s pfa players ' player of the year award .  carney was the first woman to be inducted into the club ' s hall of fame .
rita ora , 24 , has been unveiled as the face of rimmel ' s latest beauty campaign .  showcases the brand ' s colourful new collection of eyeliners , lipsticks and nail varnishes .  also unveiled her own festival - inspired range , rimmel : colourfest lip and nail collection .
elena curtin of portland , oregon , was seven - months pregnant when she was charged with second - degree assault .  she struck her boyfriend ' s ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 .  she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin , 23 , was ' completely justified in her outrage ' .
micky adams was the 42nd manager to be sacked this season .  malky mackay , fired by wigan this month , was the 17th to go in the second tier , where the average tenure is less than a year .  arsene wenger remains the longest serving boss with more than 18 years at arsenal .
manchester united have offered david de gea 200 , 000 - a - week to keep him at old trafford .  the 24 - year - old is expected to join real madrid on a free transfer .  louis van gaal admitted that the club have offered him ' a lot of money ' .
a man stormed the runway at ellery ' s mercedes - benz fashion week australia show .  the man , understood to be a neighbour , walked onto the runway while designer kym ellery was taking her bow .  the 15 - minute show lasted about 15 minutes before the man was removed from the venue by a security guard .  ' the noise is way too loud , this is disgrace , ' eye witnesses tell daily mail australia .
ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become ' redundant ' as a result .  he even claimed the party could enjoy an snp - style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the eu . comments come after david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg faced a live - tv grilling over their plans for the next five years in power .
marilyn zuniga allowed her class to pen letters to mumia abu - jamal .  she said the students wanted to write to him after he collapsed in bathroom .  abu jamal , 60 , is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot dead police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 .
the variety theater in cleveland , ohio , was once the edgiest place in town .  but everything changed in 1984 when motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down .  two years later , a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off on the order of a judge in 1986 , two years after motorhead ' s fatal performance .  the 20 , 000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of metallica , the dead kennedy ' s and r . e . m .
rene dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching infection at royal sussex county hospital in brighton .  the couple ' s son had a chance to say goodbye to the infection .  eileen had received a positive prognosis while being treated for her cancer but died five days later .  mr dee is now suing the brighton and sussex university hospitals trust for clinical negligence .
taylor alesana of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender .  the 16 - year - old had a strong relationship with her counselor at fallbrook high school , north of san diego , but school administrators ' didn ' t take the necessary steps ' .  ' i  ve lost tons of friends , tons .  and it  s been hell .  i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone ' .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday .  louis van gaal ' s side have won four on the spin in which angel di maria has not started .  here , sportsmail asks 10 key questions ahead of this weekend ' s match .
marouane fellaini is expected to start against manchester city on sunday .  the belgian was jeered by both city and united fans as he was substituted .  louis van gaal has praised the resurrection of the belgian .
carlo ancelotti says he is not obsessed with atletico madrid ahead of tuesday ' s champions league quarter - final first leg .  sergio ramos scored an injury - time equaliser for real madrid in the champions league final at benfica ' s stadium of light in lisbon last season .  real are unbeaten in six madrid derbies this season .
ten - week - old qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china following emergency surgery to repair her mauled face .  her mother , named only as ms li , said : ' we left after our baby girl fell asleep .  who knew this would happen ? ' .
ander herrera has played down comparisons with paul scholes .  scholes was known for ability to score goals from midfield .  herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances for manchester united .
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has urged kimi raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to remain with the maranello marque .  the finn stated this week he has never been happier working with a team in his entire f1 career .
arman nejad , 23 , dragged victim into his house and abused her in 2009 .  the girl , now 18 , went to police in february 2010 and was interviewed by officers .  three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved .  today greater manchester police admitted ' unacceptable delays and failures ' allowed the rapist to live as a free man just streets away from the girl he attacked .
head of the royal college of nursing said nurses who faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses .  patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures .  professor jane dacre called for an independent review of top nhs pay while professor sir brian jarman , a senior government health adviser , called for a public inquiry .
chipotle , which plans on having 2 , 000 stores by the end of the year , removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january .  the fast - casual chain only uses humanely - raised pigs that have not received added hormones , though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen .  mcdonald ' s pledged to stop using chickens treated with antibiotics at its stores in the next two years .
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning and was lucky to get her children out of the condo safely .  however , all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble , and she managed to get all of her children safely out .  now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while being unemployed .
' battle for sevastopol ' in russia but ' indestructible ' across the border .  co - production between two countries made just before relations nosedived .  $ 5million ( 3m ) movie launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in moscow and kiev .  director sergei mokritsky said : ' despite everything , it has been accepted both by the new ukrainian authorities and our russian ones ' .
dame barbara hakin , national director of commissioning operations for nhs england , was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients .  she was investigated by the general medical council , which concluded that there was no case to answer .  however , it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went  far enough  in respect of patient safety .
sofia davila , 21 , posted raunchy pictures of herself online and flirted with strangers on the social network .  when they did , she would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious .  she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies .  two of her accomplices will appear in court over the crimes .
austrian designers , maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make - up - by doing it for you .  the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears on lips , before lighting up when the process is complete .  women were filmed testing the machine for the two university of vienna students ' art project entitled beautification .
spfl clubs are poised to do battle over a late hibernian move .  the easter road club stand to make 1million from anticipated sell - out home gates .  play - off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play - offs within seven days .  hibs chairman rod petrie has garnered support from hearts and motherwell .
felix the cat disappeared after a 14 - hour flight from abu dhabi to new york .  his pet carrier was tied down to a metal pallet while he was transported on the plane .  owner jennifer stewart spent weeks researching the best way to transport the cat .
juventus beat monaco 1 - 0 in the champions league on tuesday night .  gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well .  the 37 - year - old has helped juventus win three successive serie a titles .
a new quinnipiac university poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe she is honest and trustworthy .  part of it will involve the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re - filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments .
pep guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth champions league semi - final in his six years as a manager .  bayern munich take on porto in their champions league quarter - final first leg on wednesday night .  the bayern munich boss was distracted by messi in his battle with argentina at the beijing olympics .
calum chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with arsenal .  the 20 - year - old signed from southampton for 16million last summer .  chambers is determined to see his future in central defence .  arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
celine bisette , a canadian prostitute , says she wishes other people wouldn ' t make her feel so ashamed of working in the sex industry .  ' i am embarrassed to be a sex worker , even though i  m good at it , and i  ve made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years , ' she wrote in a recent essay for xojane .
bristol city will become first football league club to win promotion this season .  the robins were beaten 1 - 1 by preston at deepdale on saturday .  steve cotterill ' s side are three points clear of preston on tuesday .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille and free to talk to foreign clubs .  swansea have expressed an interest in schalke ' s full - back christian fuchs .  the swans are keeping track of full back fuchs as a potential replacement for neil taylor .  click here for all the latest transfer news .
celtic beat st mirren 2 - 0 in their premier league clash on friday .  james forrest and stefan johansen scored for the hosts .  ronny deila was impressed with his side ' s performance .
alec stewart admits he has had no contact with the ecb over the role of england cricket director paul downton .  stewart ' s fellow former england captains andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job .
paul nuttall appeared in the party ' s manifesto in thick - rimmed glasses .  the vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48 - page history book from 1942 .  mep joked that the photoshop allegations were not true : ' i just have two copies of every book ' .  nigel farage unveiled ukip manifesto in thurrock , essex , this morning .
scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats . communities that believe in a high , controlling god or gods who enforce a moral code , tend to live in politically complex groups .  the uk is one of the least religious places in the world , according to a survey by the national evolutionary synthesis centre in durham , north carolina .
sir nick faldo and tom watson will compete at the open for the last time at st andrews in july .  the three - time winner has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory at carnoustie .  five - time open champion watson received a special exemption from the r & a to play his final open in 2015 .
leila alavi had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex - husband mokthar hosseiniamraei .  ms alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park .  police alleged that a history of domestic violence was inflicted on the 26 - year - old .
marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park .  the 31 - year - old was the hero of saracens ' european champions cup quarter - final victory over racing metro 11 days ago .  the deal follows new contracts for george kruis and maro itoje .
police arrested a 39 - year - old man and a woman following the drug bust in katherine , 320 kilometres southeast of darwin on sunday .  they were charged with possessing traffickable quantity of kava and possessing cannabis in a public place .
floyd mayweather is down to within three - and - a - half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of his bout with manny pacquiao next month .  ' chef q ' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $ 321 . 43 ( around 220 ) on ' snack day ' .
hollie tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend in basildon , essex , when she collapsed .  doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level .  but two officers , believed to be from the met police , rushed to her side and gave her life - saving cpr until an ambulance arrived .  she was then rushed to basildon hospital where she was put into an induced coma .
cameron hooker , 61 , was handed a 104 - year sentence in 1985 .  case made international headlines and stan was known as ' the girl in the box ' .  she was forced into a coffin - like structure for 23 hours a day during captivity .  hooker was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than normal rules .
the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble .  it will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang .  nasa has promised to keep the next - generation telescope on track for its october 2018 launch .  the project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $ 8 . 8 billion , far higher than the initial estimate of $ 3 . 5 bn ( 2 . 33 bn )
the winning punter , who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales , discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening .  the man , who chose not to be named , said he and his wife had been ' struggling ' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result .
julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , west london , gained 12 stone at her heaviest . mother - of - three would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice - cream and family - sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her .  she was pumped full of antibiotics and developed painful thrush all over her body .  she now weighs a healthy 11 stone and is a size 12 .
ben morgan broke his left leg against saracens in the aviva premiership in january .  the gloucester no 8 has not played since breaking his leg .  morgan is on course to play a part during england ' s world cup warm - up period .
the inflatable , nicknamed ba di doll , has appeared at wanda plaza commercial complex in eastern china ' s nanjing city .  the attraction , which features a ball pit , slide and climbing area , can be accessed via the doll ' s right foot .  cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex .
writer amanda dobbins says lane bryant ' s i ' m no model campaign doesn ' t show plus - size women of different sizes .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 1 - 0 at loftus road on sunday .  branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan .  jose mourinho refused to be drawn into the controversy .
mercedes boss toto wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest . rosberg bemoaned hamilton ' s ' selfish ' tactics following their one - two finish at the shanghai international circuit .  hamilton was absolved of any blame by both wolff and mercedes non - executive chairman niki lauda .
mark gentle , from farmington , maine , found his seven - year - old son carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open - heart surgery was ' ugly ' .  the father - of - three hoped to boost carter ' s confidence by posting a photo of the boy ' s battle wounds online .  the picture has received nearly 1 . 5 million likes since it was posted last week .
ian merrett , 28 , was astonished that poppy smart , 23 , did not take it as a compliment .  he and his colleagues whistled at her every day for a month as she passed construction site in worcester .  miss smart , who compared the wolf - whistling to racial discrimination , eventually filmed them and asked police to investigate alleged sexual harassment .  he said : ' i ' m sure if she walks past again and she is lucky she will get wolf - whistled again ' .
kuku kube is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers .  scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is ' lower than average ' , 21 to 30 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great .
qasr al - farid or ' the lonely castle ' is located in the northwestern region of the arabian peninsula .  it is located on a pre - islamic archaeological site located in al - ula , in the middle of a vast desert landscape .  the tomb is the largest of the 131 monumental tombs , which were carved straight into rock in the city of mada ' in saleh .  unesco declared the historic collection saudi arabia ' s first world heritage site in 2008 .
susan monica , 66 , was found guilty of killing two men about a year apart , then abusing their corpses by feeding them to her pigs .  she was sentenced to life in prison , with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years .  prosecutors said stephen delicino , 59 , was killed in 2012 and robert haney , 56 , died in 2013 .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4 , 000 feet above sea level .  daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the canyon floor , a full 2 , 350 feet below them .
the wrap - mercedes - benz fashion week came to a close on thursday night in sydney .  toni matice and bondi bather sent models down the runway with sequins and beads glued to their faces .  johanna johnson showed full - - bizarre golds and bronzes on the catwalk .
oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk .  but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .  the claims were made by the commander of russian space command .  he was speaking on a film called  space special forces  during a tour of russia  s main centre for aerospace intelligence in krasnoznamensk , near moscow .
a high - level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by daily mail australia reveals an ' unprecedented ' number of australians could face the death penalty in china .  it comes as one of the few australians known to be facing death row in china - had his case pushed forward by six months .  chinese authorities have said that 11 australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death .
binh wagner , 3 , and her identical twin phuoc wagner , of kingston , ontario , were left with fatally impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome .  their adopted father michael chose her to receive his liver , which was a perfect match .  now , thanks to an anonymous donor , binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery .
the couple , whose second child is due on saturday , returned to their london base on sunday night after spending the weekend at kate ' s family home in berkshire .  william will enjoy what amounts to six weeks ' paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess .  prince harry also announced he will be back in the uk to watch the london marathon on sunday , meaning he may also get to meet his future niece or nephew .
julie mckenzie , 53 , thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back .  she ' d gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for x - rays .
ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national at aintree .  the 19 - time champion won the 2007 running on butler ' s cabin .  cantlow disputes favouritism for monday ' s race largely due to the presence of mccoy on his back .
clarke carlisle said he has ' moved out of marital home ' in yorkshire .  the 35 - year - old tried to kill himself in december , two days after he was arrested .  mr carlisle was arrested on suspicion of drink - driving on the a64 in december .  the father - of - three publicly publicly struggled with depression .  he appeared on good morning britain this week and said scars are a ' constant reminder ' of his good fortune in surviving .
odion ighalo scored from the penalty spot to secure watford a point at the ipro stadium .  heurelho gomes opened the scoring for derby in the second half with a header from richard keogh ' s cross .  adlene guedioura made it 2 - 2 before half - time with a well - taken strike .
a kidnapping in south carolina was thwarted because the would - be abductor , demetric nelson , couldn ' t operate a manual stick shift in the victim ' s car .  nelson allegedly broke into a river birch drive home where the victim lives and told her to give him a ride to a manning avenue home .  once they got there , nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car .
florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba .  the 22 - year - old is valued at around 6million .  tim sherwood is looking at the attacking duo of andone and bakary sako .
pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids , which can help strengthen hair .  zinc and vitamin e from the pumpkin seed can also improve the skin  s healing process , helping to fight off acne , beat scarring and maintain skin renewal .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst . for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach .  he then rolls over several times .  finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters .  the heartwarming clip featured on the people ' s daily online shows it taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground .
leanna norris , 25 , plied two - year - old loh grenada with benedryl .  she covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket , a court heard .  norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression .
barney gibson has retired from cricket just four years after his debut .  the leeds - born wicketkeeper entered the record books in 2011 .  the 19 - year - old said it was a ' difficult decision ' to retire from cricket .
71 per cent of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about their spouses or children , new comres poll shows .  only a quarter say it is important to get to know party leaders ' families .  findings may come as a shock to ed miliband , david cameron and nick clegg , who have all invited the tv cameras into their homes and given their wives prominent campaign roles .
alice kovach - suehn , 56 , was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs .  the 96 - year - old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ' dog feces ' .
barcelona is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .  the city has a handy beach alongside a beach in the city ' s sagrada familia church .  no other city has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list as barcelona , from roman walls to roman walls .
marsha yumi perry , 36 , was arrested on friday on accusations of felony hit - and - run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant .  the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows , and he was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in vancouver .
sportsmail revealed that the dubai - based airline are set to seal an historic deal with the fa cup .  the 30million three - year deal would add to emirates ' ever - increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship .  arsenal ' s new home was named the emirates stadium after a big - money deal in 2004 .
business leaders say cameron ' s role in delivering economic growth has become the ' background noise ' of the conservative campaign .  they believe the campaign ' s focus has been too narrow and that ' fear tactics ' could backfire badly .  one chairman said : ' the scottish scaremongering plays into the snp ' s hands ' .
in 1928 , the easter act was passed in parliament to make sure the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in april .  it is thought that the roman catholic church did not object to the plans although they were never seriously discussed .  campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90 - year - old law that would fix the date of easter .
jules bianchi suffered a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 .  the 25 - year - old is now in nice , under the watch of neurosurgeons .  his father philippe has spoken of the pain his family have felt every day since the accident .
sisonke msimang , 41 , moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months .  she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability .  upon relocating she said she started to recognise a systematic approach to ' assimilate ' and ' eradicate ' australia  s indigenous heritage .
women who take combined oestrogen and progesterone hrt continue to have a high risk of breast cancer compared to non - users .  after going through the menopause a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the hormone .  it triggers menopausal symptoms including hot flashes and mood swings .
chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long - term success to loftus road .  the qpr boss believes it would be unfair for his future to rely on rangers avoiding the drop .  ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february .  the 52 - year - old believes he can carry out the club ' s wish for a more joined - up strategy .
freddie gray , 25 , died sunday after he ' had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in baltimore .  he was arrested for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he ' fled unprovoked after noticing police presence ' .  baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings - blake said , ' whatever happened happened in the back of the van ' .  six officers have been suspended , but investigators say they still don  t know how it happened .
mei ru , 50 , and her husband song ming , 53 , were going shopping in china .  mr ming climbed out of the passenger door and stood behind the car .  his wife suddenly reverses , knocking him down before backing up over his body .  mr song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save him .
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth .  the obstetrics unit was found to have blood and bone fragments on some medical instruments .  the hospital was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february .
residents in alderholt , dorset , woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps .  residents described the deed as ' a wonderful act of random kindness ' .
kunaratnam kunanatha , 36 , admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations .  he was fined 14 , 500 and ordered to pay 2 , 793 in costs .
video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody .  but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground .  the mishap was captured on camera by his father , luke , who later posted it online .
nicole mcdonough , 32 , of mount olive , new jersey , was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18 - year - old student .  an investigation found she had ' improper relations ' with two others , and engaged in improper ' fraternization ' with the other two students .  the married mother of two , who has two children , has applied for a pre - trial intervention program in hopes of having the charges dropped .
anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore ancient 180 - yard hedge .  hedge marks boundary between his home and college ' s land .  mr bethell claims st john ' s college has refused to agree with him on the matter .
three - year - old mikaeel kular was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya .  she beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days .  she told police the boy had wandered off , sparking a huge manhunt .  police scotland probed claims and an internal investigation was launched .  at least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and dismissed .
rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz , northern poland .  he was rescued in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection .  his owner , veterinarian lucyna kuziel - zawalich , took care of him and eventually adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital .
the 18 - carat gold irish freedom box was a gift to lord uxbridge .  it was given to the aristocrat , who served as lord lieutenant of ireland .  his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction .  the box is about three - and - a - half inches long and weighs just six ounces .
david villa has enjoyed a solid start to the season with new york city .  the former barcelona forward has scored once in the eastern conference .  villa will want his side to have the bragging rights they need .  the arrival of frank lampard at the end of the premier league season will be a major boost .
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5 . 5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it .  this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds .  the young male is the second of its species ever seen .
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch .  footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen .  however , he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn .
frances clarkson , 53 , showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini .  she accessorised with a help for heroes wristband and swept her sun - bleached hair up into a butterfly clip .
gordon robson , 26 , killed john potts , 45 , with a single punch to the back of the head .  robson had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather ' s funeral before getting into an argument with a friend of mr potts .  robson , who has a history of violent offending , was jailed for just three and a half years for the attack outside the ne38 sports bar in washington , tyne and wear .
snp is projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election .  polls suggest a surge in support for the snp will cost labour a majority .  but mps could vote to prop up a labour minority administration .
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday ahead of his four - week stint with the australian defence force .  captain wales , as he is known in the british army , will fall in with elite soldiers at the perth sas base and take on training exercises .  if he passes military testing , it is possible he ' ll fly helicopters while with the sydney regiment .  the prince will also time with indigenous norforce soldiers in the northern territory , and the army ' s sydney - based 6th aviation regiment .
jay liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn , north wales .  his tenant lee - anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby charlie , 15 months , and niece skye , two , were trapped and perished in the first - floor flat .  jobless alcoholic melanie smith , 45 , was jailed for life for murdering the family .
luca railton , 11 , was born with bones missing from his legs .  doctors said he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight .  but his loved ones refused to accept grim prospects , which would have left luca severely disabled for life .  they found a german surgeon who had been working on luca ' s legs .  he underwent a series of operations  including one to break his leg and start lengthening his femur ( thigh bone ) and can even play cricket and tennis .
the project were promoting their upcoming interview with us comedian michael che when they accidentally used two clips of another comic .  waleed aly apologised for the mistake , admitting ' we stuffed up ' later on the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users .  che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne  s international comedy festival .
curl - crested jay is native to south america and resides at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre .  videoed behind a fence , the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound .
ashley james , who starred on made in chelsea , models the bold new jessica collection in a new set of images .  the 38 jessica comes in a range of sizes , from a 28d right through to a 38hh - without , the brand says .
nathan brown , 19 , was working with his father david , an experienced electrician .  he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane .  the shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block .  he was airlifted to hospital but later died of his injuries .
valerie rutty altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned .  the 60 - year - old stole almost 3 , 500 from the fund raised by parents , teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at irlam primary school in greater manchester .  the cash was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through non - uniform days and other fundraisers .
aberash bekele , 32 , believes film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals .  she was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage .  she escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors .
san antonio spurs beat golden state warriors 107 - 92 on sunday .  kawhi leonard scored a career - high 26 points and danny green added 18 points for san antonio , who led by as many as 28 points .  indiana got injured star paul george back just in time , beating miami 101 - 89 to remain in contention for the play - offs .  houston overcame russell westbrook ' s 11th triple - double of the season to beat indiana city 115 - 112 .
stephane charbonnier , known as charb , finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen .  he argued that left - leaning intellectuals who denounced the drawings were ' ridiculous demagogues ' for doing so .  the book , lettre ouverte aux escrocs de l ' islamophobie qui font le jeu des racistes , is to be published today in weekly magazine l ' obs .
anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school ' s ban on taking her children to the ' obby ' oss celebrations .  she said the rituals are part of her ' religion , culture and heritage ' .  school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 .  in 2013 , former education secretary michael gove ended the right for schools to grant up to 10 days holiday per year for pupils .
cle ' bone ' sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of knight ' s pickup truck in january , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head , knees and shoulder .  but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he ' will not be used to send suge knight to prison ' .  knight , who is diabetic and has previously collapsed in trial hearings , is being held on a $ 25million bail .
brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager .  the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against bolton .  current boss mark warburton is to leave the club next month .  zola was sacked by cagliari last month after failing to win a game .
a man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages on the cuckoo trail , a path running from hampden park to heathfield near hailsham .  the grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby brighton and hove .  dog owners are now being warned to be aware when they are out walking their animals .
the usc women ' s tennis team won the pac - 12 championship on thursday .  the second - ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california - los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 .
elizabeth dawes , 39 , was told she had breast cancer in july 2013 .  doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy .  but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients and she ' d never had the disease .  she was also told she would need a further procedure to correct ' deformities ' to her breasts caused by the first operation .
workman caught hanging out of black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down m40 near oxford .  he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues as he hung his body and even a leg - out of the vehicle .  kj rail director dave roy said the man could face the sack for the incident , which was captured by dentist james hobkirk .
jeremy mathieu opened the scoring for barcelona in the 73rd minute .  lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez scored for the hosts .  fabian orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of turf at sergio busquets .
tavon watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he slammed the $ 220 , 000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail .  investigators say the car may have been speeding in the wrong direction around the track .
ethel rider , 87 , suffered a broken pelvis and was left ' cowering ' in pain .  she was being turned to prevent bed sores at half acre care home in radcliffe .  but carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed .  only 24 hours later a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance .
aston villa beat tottenham 1 - 0 at white hart lane on saturday .  christian benteke scored the winning goal for villa on the 35th minute .  tim sherwood was visibly delighted at the final whistle .
manchester united have been linked with edinson cavani .  the uruguayan hasn ' t scored as many goals as he should have done in the french league .  louis van gaal prefers to work with younger players .
newcastle host liverpool in the premier league on monday night .  john carver says his players have a point to prove when they face liverpool .  the trip to anfield is newcastle ' s first since losing a fifth straight derby .
researchers based at different institutions in tokyo noted that rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain .  they found that long - evans rats can read pain on other animal  s faces and use the information to makes decisions .  the scientists wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction , or to communicate their discomfort to others .
dangelo connor , from brooklyn , new york , filmed himself messing around with a powerful gun .  he first electrocuted a coke can , but his antics all went horribly wrong .  the video has gone viral , being viewed more than 17million times .
gul ahmad saeed , 25 , is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee , parents and sister - in - law after they objected to the wedding .  he has been on the run ever since , but returned to his home town in north - west pakistan at the weekend .  he is said to have been outraged over her uncle ' s dithering over the marriage .
aston villa host aston villa at white hart lane on tuesday night .  tim sherwood says he does not have the players to grind out results .  the tottenham hotspur boss believes he must instil a different mentality into his players as he tries to keep them in the top flight .  sherwood is without alan hutton , ashley westwood and scott sinclair while tom cleverley , kieran richardson and aly cissokho are doubts .
psg host barcelona in the champions league quarter - final on saturday .  thiago silva wants to impose their style of play on barcelona .  luis suarez , neymar and lionel messi are the best players in the world .
the photography competition was designed to illustrate the northern territory ' s unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes .  locals describe the competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer .  the winner of the ' industry at work or play ' category goes to jacynta coffey for her stunning shot titled sunset draft .
chlorine gas  carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions - was used for the first time on april 22 , 1915 .  some 1 , 200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that five - minute gas attack .  chief of general staff erich von falkenhayn decided they would use the gas the next day or not at all .  on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .
eden hazard opened the scoring for manchester united in the first half .  ander herrera and didier drogba were on the scoresheet for the visitors .  hazard then doubled the lead with a low - shot shot in front of a section of home fans .  the win was the third premier league title in five games for jose mourinho ' s side .  click here for all the latest chelsea news .
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 .  it concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within nasa ' s human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back .  crewmembers would be able to study mars ' other moon , and potentially teleoperate rovers on the martian surface .
former boxing promoter , formerly known as frank , is one of the party ' s most famous former candidates .  she warned ukip supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband and nicola sturgeon out of power .  but she warned how other candidates have given the party a bad image .
wayne rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the manchester derby .  the manchester united striker scored four stoppage time winners .  the two sides face arsenal in the champions league on sunday .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
the 25 - ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in lincoln county at about 9 . 30am on thursday .  biologists found ' several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of japan ' .  five million tons of debris washed into the ocean in march of 2011 during the tsunami .
charlotte roach , 26 , from london , nearly died in a horror crash in 2010 .  she and her business partner rosemary pringle , 28 , vowed to sport only fancy dress for the charity that saved her life .  the two women rated buskers in london ' s trafalgar square while dressed as simon cowell , rode the tube as baywatch lifeguards and pitched to clients in their pyjamas .
amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi , with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families .  many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan ' s tribal area of bajur .
eden hazard has propelled chelsea to the top of the premier league .  the 21 - year - old has scored 29 goals in all competitions to date .  harry kane is the only english player up for the main award .  alexis sanchez , philippe coutinho and david de gea are also on the shortlist .
a stunning fireball that crackled across the sky last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in october .  the study claims the kola fireball had a ' disturbingly similar ' path to asteroid 2014 ur116 .  this led researchers to the annama meteorite , which is an ordinary h5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls .
ben stokes was involved in a war of words with marlon samuels , who is 94 not out .  samuels says the england players ' don ' t learn ' as he found verbal alternations helpful while batting .  stokes was put on his back by stuart broad who bowled too short on day one but got value for this bouncer .
video shows two of the 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland .  the first of the aircraft blasted them with the thrust from its engines .  as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways .  the video was taken on the same day that typhoons were deployed by the royal air force as two russian long - range bear bombers hugged british airspace .
jason edward harrington , who worked with the tsa for six years , claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across the country .  he said screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like . comments follow revelations that two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights .
inter milan have opened discussions with manchester city about stevan jovetic .  the serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward .  city are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis .  roberto mancini is also keen on a deal for yaya toure .
jenny wallenda , 87 , was the matriarch of the famous family of high - flying circus performers .  she died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida .  her husband , richard faughnan , died in 1978 when a human pyramid collapsed .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found dead in his car on april 7 .  a jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with murder .  burnell mitchell , 61 , was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
gareth bale has indicated he wants to stay at real madrid .  but sources in spain suggest the club could be willing to offload him .  bale could be sold by real madrid as they pursue a deal for marco reus .
ed miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over past five years .  rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved  saying these facts were not what voters were talking about .  also refused to say how much labour would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament , saying : ' the way you get credibility is not by picking out an arbitrary number in six years ' time ' .
patient at the royal victoria hospital , belfast , is being tested for suspected rabies .  lisa mcmurray died at the same belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies while working in south africa .  it was thought she contracted the infection while working at an animal sanctuary .  the results of the ' complex ' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week .
yaphet kotto starred as dr kananga in the 1973 bond installment live and let die .  he said the role was created by ian fleming for a white actor . comments come in response to speculation that black british actor idris elba is in the running to be named as daniel craig ' s successor .
nina moric posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on instagram .  the 38 - year - old was found by her mother in her luxury apartment in milan .  italian media claimed she tried to take her own life in 2009 after taking an overdose .  ms moric was once married to famous paparazzi snapper fabrizio corona .  she was jailed for blackmailing celebs with compromising photographs .
tortoise casanovca was trying to mate with a female in kiev zoo .  but instead of getting lucky , the reptile lost its balance , sending it toppling over onto its back .  photographer vadym shevchenko , 34 , said he was determined even if he was unsuccessful .  he said : ' it took him so long , but we were all sort of curious to see what would happen ' .
javier hernandez is on a season - long loan from manchester united .  the striker has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants .  carlo ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over .
zeus , a german shepherd , was honored in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health .  the german shepherd worked with the ridgefield police department for eight years as a k - 9 officer .  he was being taken to ridgefield veterinary clinic where he was to be euthanized .
eidur gudjohnsen spared blackpool ' s blushes with virtually the final kick of the game .  emile heskey , neil danns and neil danjo all scored for the seasiders .  bolton have repeatedly conceded late goals in recent weeks .  bolton boss lee clark pulled off a great escape on the final day of last season at the helm of birmingham .
labour ' s plans to impose rent controls are  economically illiterate  and will slash investment in new housing , leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords , experts warned .  generation rent campaign group said his plans were ' riddled with loopholes ' and may make tenants  lives worse .  under the proposals , landlords would have to offer three - year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas .  the american holds an open workout for the media on tuesday night .  the session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it from 12am uk ( 7pm edt )
carphone warehouse ' s mobile network launches in may and will offer free roaming in 22 countries , including the us , australia and across europe .  the firm ' s boss told mailonline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12 - month contracts and affordable 4g handsets .  when id launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of three with 18 countries and lyca on 17 .
frank lampard was pictured walking down king ' s road with fiancee christine bleakley .  the 36 - year - old has made 32 appearances for manchester city this season .  lampard will join up with parent club new york city in july .
simona trasca , 34 , said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it .  plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed the model and presenter ' s comments were defamatory and sued her .
manny pacquiao wrote and recorded lalaban ako para sa filipino for his walk - out music for the richest fight of all time against floyd mayweather .  jimmy kimmel ' s appreciation of the song appeared tongue in cheek .  the comedian also directed the music video .
the nfl announced today that greg hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season .  this comes almost one year after hardy was convicted by a judge of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex - girlfriend , nicki holder .  hardy was dropped by his previous team , the carolina panthers , because of these charges last season , but was still able to collect his salary during that time , which was roughly $ 770 , 000 a week .
hundreds of women around the country hung up their wedding dresses in honour of murder victim stephanie scott .  the 26 - year - old went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiance and partner of five years .  her sister kim scott asked attendees to ' wear yellow ' in ms scott ' s memory .  bridal stores also joined in , with michele ' s bridal & formal wear in victoria placing yellow balloons in their display windows .
steven allison , 37 , was uploading pictures of himself in australia to facebook .  but he was unaware the net was closing in as british police teamed up with colleagues in australia and interpol to locate him .  allison had been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women after failing to turn up at bradford crown court .
vicky pryce , 62 , has been speaking about life post prison and how she ' s handled a stellar , if not tumultuous , career - all while bringing up her brood .  she admits to not knowing the names of her children ' s friends while they were growing up .  pryce spent two months at her majesty ' s pleasure after being convicted of perverting the course of justice for taking huhne ' s speeding fines .
sophie falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the kardashians .  the australian tv presenter says having a tight spanx like waist trimmer is key to her figure .  jessica alba also swore by it for getting back her pre - baby figure .
isis militants entered yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on syrian side between rebels and government forces .  the palestinian - run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years .  u . n . aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp , where thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine .
sheffield wednesday beat brentford 1 - 0 in their premier league clash .  kieran lee scored the only goal for the home side .  sergiu bus collected the ball and made a run towards goal .
karen sharpe , the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview .  she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated .  ms sharpe said she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting .  this as she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott ' s family , the man her son shot dead .
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season .  he is now on 17 goals for the blues for the season .  the belgian star has been eking out wins when the team hasn ' t been at its best .
a powdery white substance was found in the office of rep .  mike doyle , d - forest hills .  it was cause for concern after powdery anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the september 11 attacks .  the quarantine of the cannon house office building was removed at 3 : 37 p . m . on wednesday .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday .  footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49 - year - old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane .  she then steers head - on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere .
leighton baines is friends with miles kane and arctic monkeys front - man alex turner .  the everton defender regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar .  baines also reveals that mark ronson and bruno mars ' uptown funk is regularly played in the toffees ' dressing room .
dawn , who has been to prison for seven miscarriages , was appearing on jeremy kyle ' s jeremy kyle show .  she accused long - term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash .  she asked mr kyle to conduct a lie detector test and when results came back , she burst into tears and stormed off .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the robbery took place at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater , cardiff .  detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect , who is 5ft 9in to 6ft .  detectives said no one was injured during the robbery .
jean - marie le pen , 86 , infuriated daughter marine , 46 , with racist and anti - semitic remarks last week .  mr le pen had repeated his claim that the holocaust was ' a detail of history ' .
by scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection , researchers discovered ' arousing words ' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion .  the emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings .  valence refers to how positive or negative a word is , while arousal refers to its ' physiological intensity ' .
manchester united lost 1 - 0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday .  louis van gaal ' s side are now ten points ahead of arsenal with six to play .  united will be a serious challenger for the 2015 - 16 season .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
sergio aguero and marco reus went head - to - head to launch the new puma evospeed 1 . 3 graphic .  the manchester city striker has been in good form this season .  reus has been heavily linked with a move away from dortmund .
the bt sport industry awards take place in battersea on thursday .  ap mccoy , jack wilshere and nathaniel clyne were among the sporting stars to walk the red carpet .  it is mccoy ' s first public appearance since bringing his time in the saddle , going out as a 20 - time winner of the champions jockey trophy .
john howard , 66 , had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago .  the father - of - three had sole access to the non - profit organisation ' s account and enjoyed dining alone on several 300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers .  he was jailed for two and a half years and shouted ' i ' m sorry ' to a former colleague .
nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have subsurface oceans under their surface .  nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of water containing far more water than is on earth .  some may say that there could be other forms of life that don  t need water - but as we know it , needs it to survive .
ashley dodds , 29 , visited the red hot world buffet in deansgate , manchester .  she ordered her daughter , dennon , and her daughter ' s friend sweet kisses .  the order had been mistaken for a non - alcoholic safe sex on the beach .  restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed the incident .  ms dodds said : ' how dare they blame it on me .  it makes me out to be a bad mother but they made the mistake ' .
vintage adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day , including twa and canadian pacific , which no longer exist . they include a coffee table book , airline visual identity 1945 - 1975 , which revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of pan am , british overseas airways and continental .
sean maitland is leaving glasgow warriors to play in the aviva premiership with london irish next season .  the 26 - year - old has undergone surgery on his shoulder after being out of action since january .  head coach gregor townsend believes there is a real determination in his squad to secure a win over cardiff blues tonight for team - mates al kellock and dougie hall who retire at the end of the season .
baroness hale of richmond said she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes .  divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons : adultery ; unreasonable behaviour ; desertion for two or more years ; or five years  separation without consent .  lady hale , 70 , was behind the move for  no fault  divorce in england and wales 20 years ago .  conservative mps saw off the proposals and said that removing fault would take away responsibility and undermine the concept of marriage .
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front of a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with a name and jersey number , 35 , on the back .  the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150 , 000 instagram followers writing : ' love having my fans support ! ! ! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' .
massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 .  it helped to save 600 troops in the face of the nazi advance in the 1930s .  it took six years to undo the damage and was restored to its former glory .  volunteers are now hoping to transport the boat back to dunkirk next month .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown , from salt lake city , has already racked up a remarkable 44 . 1k followers .  albert , who ' s a selkirk rex cat , was also named after his famous lookalike - albert einstein , thanks to his wild locks , which are a trademark of his breed .
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney ' s west hours after police started the manhunt .  wigram street in harris park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway .  shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting .  a police spokeswoman told daily mail australia an arrest is yet to be made .
flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4 . 30pm local time on easter monday .  passengers were told there was a problem with the plane ' s rudder .  now , some passengers are considering legal action against virgin .
tamara pacskowska , 56 , pretended to be 76 - year - old georgina bagnall - oakley .  she took her daughter - in - law monika brzezinska , 34 , on visits to help her translate .  the fraudsters were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to fellow conman benjamin khoury .
phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between north caucasus separatists and us secret services .  putin said he raised the issue with then - us president george w . bush , who promised to ' kick the ass ' of the intelligence officers in question .  but he claimed a few days later the heads of russia ' s fsb received a letter from their american counterparts , which said they had the right to support opposition forces in russia .
loretta lynch , the first black woman to become the top u . s . law enforcement official , was approved by a 56 - 43 vote .  lynch is expected to take over as head of the justice department on monday , replacing eric holder .  the white house said it did not know when exactly lynch would be sworn in but it wasn ' t likely to be today .
canadian - born designer tanya heath paris has revolutionised women ' s footwear .  the 44 - year - old has lived and worked in paris for the last 20 years .
mp passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick - start a fresh police investigation .  but the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to leicestershire police .  revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an establishment cover - up .
arsene wenger has signed a number of premier league players this summer .  wenger ' s transfer record shows in his bid to save the premier league from english mediocrity .  the arsenal boss has signed tomas danilevicius , marouane chamakh , pascal cygan , philippe senderos and johan djourou .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
wasps lost 32 - 18 to toulon in their european champions cup quarter - final .  dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage .  the salary cap is currently 5 . 5million .
ian drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain .  but the 58 - year - old was caught looking sprightly in his role at blackpool rangers fc .  he was watched and was on his feet for three or four hours at a time without using crutches .  he also said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace .
former made in chelsea star has joined forces with peta on anti - fur campaign .  ' harvey nichols : here ' s the rest of your fur coat , ' the slogan reads .  harvey nichols backtracked last year when it quietly re - introduced it .
police began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am .  officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars .  for two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ' like a suspect ' .  three of the animals were captured in manhattan and released in bronx parks with established coyote populations .
sara martin , from lititz , pennsylvania , was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2010 .  but one day recently , she uttered a single word : ' florida ' .  now , family is taking her to sarasota , south - west florida , today .  they leave for what will be her final holiday today , following weeks of not speaking .
david jenkins ' single - engine edge 360 plane crashed at old buckenham .  the man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed in front of horrified spectators .  a friend said : ' he was the best bloke i knew .  he was highly skilled and knew exactly what he was doing ' .
chelsea beat manchester city 3 - 1 in the fa youth cup final on monday night .  dominic solanke scored the only goal of the night for the blues .  the two 17 - year - olds are in the form of their young lives .
the awkwardness takes over and all ability to converse fails , leaving both parties gawping at each other .  a tumblr blog called conversation sparks has now been turned into a book by chronicle books .
deshawn isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a 41 - year - old woman on a chicago train on monday .  the middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the cta train in oak park on monday at 3pm .  his mother turned him in to police after she recognized his face on surveillance images .
edinson cavani visited the zoo after barcelona ' s 2 - 0 defeat to barcelona .  the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic .  cavasni has expressed his desire to stay at the paris club for the duration of his contract .  click here for all the latest psg news .
jennifer pagonis has androgen insensitivity syndrome ( ais ) , a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20 , 000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen .  the 29 - year - old was born with an enlarged clitoris , no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse .  she immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions .
brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average .  biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line .  johnny savile is accused of abusing seven women , while jimmy raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse .
new zealander philip lyle hansen , 56 , is accused of removing women ' s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex .  a woman , 47 , has claimed hansen ' grabbed the screw - driver and started digging at the back of my gums ' .  hansen has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 .
john key pulled her hair while working at rosie cafe in auckland .  the 26 - year - old was an employee at the cafe and his wife bronagh .  she said she wanted ' the public to be aware ' of her concerns .  mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
petra kvitova beat caroline garcia to reach the fed cup final .  the czech republic will face germany or russia in the final in november .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday .  he has been the new hampshire republican ' s state director for the last year and her number - two staffer behind the chief of staff .
sq ldr joll was involved in a strafing attack on a german aircraft in 1940 .  he was forced to crash land his plane on a dutch beach in may 1940 .  but when his mother opened the door to see her son ian she fainted .  ten minutes earlier mrs joll had received a telegram telling her that her son was ' missing believed killed ' .  his story came to light as his medals - including the distinguished flying cross - were put up for auction .
susan farmer , 37 , from eddy , texas , weighs 43st ( 605lbs ) she was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight or face early death .  at her heaviest , susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time .
surveillance footage shows 40 - year - old todd phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday ' s inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana .  as the francesco dracone team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co - workers rush over to check he ' s okay .  amazingly , phillips ' helmet helped protect him from head injury as he was slammed against the pit wall .
the baird televisor is expected to fetch up to 22 , 000 at auction .  it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system .  it has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube .
police say they repeatedly told j . b . silverthorn to not drive home from grand island town court on monday night after they noticed he ' smelled of alcohol ' .  but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies .  he ' s currently being held in the erie county jail with his bail set at $ 1 , 000 .  if he posts bail , the date could be pushed back to april 22 .
lt .  col .  anthony shaffer said bowe bergdahl ' had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban ' .  he said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation .  the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of his computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to uzbekistan .
anti - racism protester jacob king was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear .  mr king said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters .  he said he learned islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to ' unlearn ' these views .
 remediation costs  wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014 .  the bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal .  barclays , royal bank of scotland and hsbc earmarked to pay fines for rigging .  rbs is thought to be facing a multibillion - pound settlement in the us for mis - selling toxic bundles of mortgage debt in the run up to the financial crisis .
celtic boss ronny deila will take his side to hampden park for the scottish cup semi - final on sunday .  the spfl sparked a furious row when they put back the final rangers game of the season by 24 hours for broadcast on sky sports .  deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick - off times rather than broadcasters .
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio .  the 18 - time olympic champion won ' t be swimming in the world championships this summer .  phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the olympics on wednesday .  he had already qualified in three events before being banned from the last major international meet before the rio de janeiro olympics .
jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain during ecuador ' s 1 - 0 defeat by mexico on saturday .  mohamed diame and james chester will make their long - awaited returns to the hull squad for saturday ' s trip to the liberty stadium .
juventus beat monaco 1 - 0 in their first leg of the champions league semi - final in monte carlo .  a scoreless draw saw juventus progress to the final on june 6 .  andrea pirlo and carlos tevez both scored for the hosts .
nurhayada sofia was out shopping with her mother at the kenanga wholesale city mall in pudu , malaysia .  the six - year - old was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries .  her mother was on the phone to her husband musa who had called to check how she and his two daughters were .  an investigation has been launched by police and the fire service are looking into whether the mall has breached safety regulations .
emma hannigan was told in 2005 she carried the faulty brca1 gene .  she opted to have a double mastectomy and ovarian cancer surgery the following year to reduce her risk .  but despite the drastic surgery , the 42 - year - old received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer .
andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall .  nicole phillips , 45 , from hastings , east sussex , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at bodmin magistrates court on april 30 .
martin alvarado jr , 23 , appeared in court on monday on a first - degree murder charge for the death of edwin eli o ' reilly .
luis suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games  six from six in the champions league .  he has fitted into the front three of barcelona ' s front three for the season .  rio ferdinand tweeted : ' suarez does the dirty work for messi & neymar without losing any quality ' .
robbie knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear - ended a honda , causing a chain - reaction crash involving two other vehicles .  after the crash , he drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , according to butte - silver bow undersheriff george skuletich .
the unnamed 20 - year - old woman was driving on the i - 25 in weld county , colorado when her window shattered .  she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck and was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck .  miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman ' s airway or sever any major blood vessels .
mario ambarita , 21 , clambered into the wheel housing the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra and flew at 34 , 000ft to jakarta .  the desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was  looking for work  he was in a dazed state when the aircraft stopped at the end of the runway in pekan baru , which is also on sumatra island .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ariana miyamoto , 20 , was crowned miss japan last month .  she says it was often punishing growing up as the only black girl in her class .  some critics of ariana ' s win have complained she is a mixed race ' hafu ' .
mum gitte denteneer asked staff to warm up milk for her two - month - old son .  but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find 50 cents had been added .  she tweeted a photo of the bill , which went viral and triggered outrage .
cancer that has spread and is incurable , known as secondary breast cancer , kills 1 , 000 women in britain every month .  it targets cancer cells that evade conventional drugs and cause the tumour to re - grow .
billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which causes malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet .  he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities .  he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks .  but miraculously , his parents say he absolutely loves his new face .
asabi barner , 37 , is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city for a chest tattoo that left her disfigured and in pain .  the harlem tattoo parlor ' s owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , which has had three seasons .
darlene feliciano , a manager at a honolulu walmart , was out on the makapuu ' tom - tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway friday afternoon .  about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka .  the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm .
isis leader abu bakr al - baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike .  he was travelling in a three - car convoy in nineveh , iraq .  his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low .  his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader .
raheem sterling and theo walcott are in the process of negotiating contracts with their respective clubs .  sterling has been one of liverpool ' s best players this season , but his contract dispute has caused problems . sterling ' s contract expires at the emirates on saturday .
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system .  toronto ' s cn tower is the third tallest tower in the world and welcomes nearly two million international visitors a year .  the grand canyon skywalk is nearly 4 , 000ft above the floor on land belonging to the hualapai indian tribe .
chris ramsey insists he will stay at queens park rangers for as long as they want him .  the 52 - year - old was handed the manager ' s job until the end of the season after stepping up from his youth development role when harry redknapp resigned .  reports suggest ramsey could link up with friend tim sherwood at aston villa in the summer .
president barack obama has granted clemency to 22 drug offenders .  eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison .  the effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing .
gareth barry has advised his team - mate ross barkley not to leave manchester city .  the 21 - year - old has been linked with premier league champions man city .  barry spent four seasons at the etihad before arriving on merseyside .
olivier giroud has scored against manchester united , city and liverpool .  kolo toure and mamadou sakho are in contention to replace skrtel .  germany world cup - winner per mertesacker is expected line - up in defence .
the teenage victim , cortez berry , was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth , georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery .  the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail .  it shows the 18 - year - old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding the leash .
restaurateurs in italy are so angry with the us corporation for attacking their cultural diet that they said they will take them to court .  the true neapolitan pizza association has accused mcdonald ' s of a ' shameful ' attack on a symbol of the mediterranean diet .  top pizza chef described the advert ' blasphemy ' to suggest children preferred hamburgers .
klein said that a staffer ' accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone ' with a link to google image results for ' susan del percio hot ' .  the tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a google search for images of the strategist . the democratic state senator , who broke away from his party and caucuses with the new york republicans , said ' mistakes like this happen ' .
from today , users can post , explore other people ' s photos and interact with captions using just emoji .  instagram launched a standalone app called layout .  it has four main features called faces , mirroring , photo booth and previews .  users begin by selecting as many images , up to the maximum of nine , to feature in a collage .
former redgum frontman john schumann slammed protesters for using his song .  i was only 19 , at a reclaim australia rally .  schumann said the song was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness .  the song honours all australians who have put themselves in harm ' s way for their country .  saturday ' s rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group ' s supporters clashed with anti - racism groups .
geelong man trevor vale has pleaded with australians to attend an anzac day service .  he posted a five - minute plea online in a bid to encourage australians to honour their ancestors who fought so bravely for them .  mr vale said he is inspired by his wife ' s service overseas and is proud of her efforts to protect her country .
dashem tesfamichael , 30 , is seen in the 50 - second clip at coldingley prison .  he was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years for stabbing olu olagbaju .  the music producer collapsed and died after the attack in december 2006 .  witnesses described seeing the young father being held with his arms behind his back before he was stabbed in the chest .
kai windsor , 10 , from cheltenham , started life as a girl aged three .  he refused to wear dresses and made a beeline for boy ' s toys .  by nine , he had broken the truth to his mother telling her : ' i ' m really a boy ' .  he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty to stop him developing into a woman .  number of transgender referrals to the nhs for children under 11 has quadrupled since 2009 .
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break .  she wanted to do something in my spare time that saved my sanity , lowered my blood pressure without going to the gym .  venice one day provided inspiration for the budding artists .  the world is divided into those who still want to  give it large  in ibiza , and those who want to find their  inner artist  , which can range from pilates to kayaking , or painting to pottery .
lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out on friday .  carey was later spotted ' hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital .  the mayor pro term , brenda renz , is now in charge of the city .
lee lewis ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion .  the 18 - year - old was mucking out the stables at wincanton .  ferguson was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan .  but two years on and the 20 - year - old has ballooned to over 14 stone .  he even got friends to hold up pictures of their favourite foods .  you has promised to feed her even more once they are married .
ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in july 2013 .  she has undergone 15 brain surgeries , numerous angiograms , hundreds of blood tests and several mri scans in two years .  miss taylor said she felt tricked after believing gibson ' s cancer story but an apology won ' t cut it .
robert abercrombie , who goes by the name of rob venomous , filmed him pulling out his son james ' s wobbly tooth with a chevy muscle car .  the video has gone viral , attracting more than 3million views and has been reposted across the globe .
children as young as three asked to sign contract pledging not to use ' transphobic language ' at turnham primary school in september .  each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ' responsibilities ' while attending the school .  chairman of governors said they knew nothing about the change to the contract , which was dismissed as ' bonkers ' by parents who said pre - school children could not be expected to understand such complex issues .
rye silverman , 32 , a los angeles - based writer and self - confessed ' gender rebel ' , has been a fan of modcloth ' s designs for years .
the man , only named as mr zhang , was travelling on his three - wheeled motorbike in dezhou city in east china when he was hit by a car .  he was taken to hospital for his injuries but died shortly after .  a driver who witnessed the accident tried to chase after the car but eventually lost it in traffic .
detectives have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace .  the female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure .  passers - by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage .  the victim made a full recovery and only realised her money had gone .
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after earth was struck by a mars - sized object called theia , 4 . 45 billion years ago .  what is agreed on , though , is that the impact actually happened .  this is known as the giant impact hypothesis .  the two theories appear in the journal nature across three studies - two in favour of the  similar to earth  theory , and the other favouring the  shower of debris  model .
steven pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season .  the 33 - year - old has made just 11 appearances for the toffees this season due to his injury - ravaged season .  he returned to action from his latest setback in the 1 - 1 draw with swansea city earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend .
jenna louise driscoll , 25 , was due to face brisbane magistrates court on monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog .  the 25 - year - old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last october but failed to show prompting police to issue a warrant .
google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .  in one of the most high - profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .  the eu is also expected to probe google ' s operating system for android smartphones .
callum butler was born at just 25 weeks into his mother ' s pregnancy .  his mother amanda was told an infection she had , called bacterial vaginosis , was to blame .  the condition can also cause fertility problems and increased risk of contracting stis such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia .  pregnant women are six times more likely to miscarry and twice as likely to give birth prematurely .
the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their lake como home .  the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney ' s 37th birthday in february .
mumia abu - jamal , 60 , was taken to hospital on april 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at mahanoy .  but this week he was delivered two batches of letters from two different schools in orange , new jersey and another from high school students in the philadelphia student union .  the letters have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators , many of whom claim the 60 - year - old ' s illness is a fraud and clamor for attention .
olivier giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march .  the arsenal striker scored five times in arsenal ' s four consecutive league wins .  thierry henry , eric cantona and nicolas anelka all won the award .
forty - year - old andrew steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first - degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his wife , ashlee steele , and her sister - in - law .  defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele ' s brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths .  steele had been diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june .
zafar ansari called up to england ' s odi squad for the clash against ireland .  the 23 - year - old graduated from cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology .  ansari is halfway through a 40 , 000 - word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south .
dante de blasio , 17 , has been accepted into yale and brown universities .  his son , who is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school , will make his decision by the end of the month .
for the 100 million women worldwide on the contraceptive pill , the side effects are familiar .  mood swings , headaches and nausea , while more serious complications include blood clots and breast cancer .  neuroscientists at ucla examined the brains of 90 women , 44 of whom took the pill , and 46 who experienced natural cycles .
bristol city beat preston 3 - 0 at deepdale on tuesday night .  aaron wilbraham opened the scoring for the hosts in the 63rd minute .  preston ' s win over peterborough meant they couldn ' t make any ground on them .
the grand national is the highlight of the racing year .  sportsmail ' s marcus townend and britain ' s no 1 tipster sam turner cast their eye over the 39 - strong field for the race .
friedrich brandt , 23 , a member of george iii ' s german legion , was killed at the battle of waterloo in june 2012 .  he was found with a musket ball between his ribs at the battlefield .  historians had to use the process of elimination to piece together the story .
roy day , 29 , and gerard lundie , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months .  they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court .  but after the duo left their dna at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested .
allie davis , 21 , based in minneapolis , delivered ten - question document .  informed him that her boyfriend of two - and - a - half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent , for diligently answering questions mainly about beyonce ' s songs .  also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars , one direction and one direction .  allie ' s twitter bio reads : ' i met beyonce at top shop and life will never be the same ' .
newcastle face liverpool at anfield on monday night .  john carver says his players have a point to prove to themselves .  the magpies have lost four on the spin - scoring just once .
siyanda ngwenya , known as adams , accused of ' sexual misconduct ' .  pair last seen on tv kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away .  alleged victim is said to have been ' removed for her own well - being ' .
tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank , california .  the 41 - year - old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television .  matt pledged to donate $ 1 , 000 to each winner who thanked him in their acceptance speech .
lewis hamilton insists he will do his talking ' on the track ' ahead of sunday ' s bahrain grand prix .  the mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced .
jordan spieth held a two - shot lead after seven holes of the final round at augusta last year .  the 21 - year - old believes he is better equipped to cope with the pressure of trying to win the first major of the year after coming close on his debut in 2014 .  he finished joint second with sweden ' s jonas blixt and comes into this year ' s event having won his second pga tour title .
ocean - going tug mv hamal was intercepted by hms somerset and border force cutter valiant about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast . it was accompanied to aberdeen where a full search was carried out .  nine men aged between 26 and 63 were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency ' s border policing command .  the value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds , depending on its purity .
divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade .  they have travelled as far afield as papua new guinea , the maldives and virgin islands .
lucas matthysse beat ruslan provodnikov in a 12 - round super lightweight bout at the turning stone resort casino on saturday night .  matt .  ##hysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near the russian ' s left eye early in the second .  he continued to use his three - inch reach advantage in the fifth .
poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic easter eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke - because they look like cadbury mini eggs .  the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar - coated chocolate treats with a brown ' speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail ' s egg .  trading standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations , as they were ' likely to contravene food imitation safety rules ' .
chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at a hustings event .  she said wearing wristbands would help doctors , lawyers and police officers .  ms fernando ' s suggestion was slammed by deputy prime minister nick clegg .
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ' secretly ' dating .
patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini .  vieira is intelligent , well - balanced and has a burning desire to win .  he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act .
marouane fellaini and his twin brother mansour share a glass of bubbly in manchester .  the brothers were recently the subject of a mix - up involving chelsea boss jose mourinho prior to the blues ' crunch clash with everton on april 18 .  the belgian was substituted at half - time against the toffees as louis van gaal ' s side struggled at goodison park .
josi harrison , laura lefebvre , and hailey walden were all in eighth grade at clatskanie middle school in oregon .  they claim their high school - age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones .  when they sought help from the principal , police chief said they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography .  two years after filing a civil suit against the district , a judge has ordered that each girl receive $ 75 , 000 in damages .
witnesses said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3 : 20 a . m . from dockweiler state beach , just west of the city ' s international airport .  a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion .
bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter - finalists pakistan by 79 runs .  tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries as bangladesh made 329 for six and pakistan could only muster 250 in reply .  pakistan will have the chance to level the three - match series on sunday when the second odi takes place in mirpur .
nathalie croquet , from paris , has recreated a series of glossy commercials .  the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy , lancome , lanvin and acne .
britt mchenry , 28 , is a washington d . c . - based sports reporter .  she had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia .  the parking attendant can be heard in the video warning her she is being filmed and threatens to ' play your video ' .
sbs football reporter scott mcintyre took to social media to tweet ' inappropriate and disrespectful ' comments on the day of the centenary services .  mcintyre accused the australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ' widespread rape and theft ' .  sbs managing director michael ebeid said mcintyre ' s actions have ' caused his on - air position at sbs to become untenable ' .
cristiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years .  the portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of alfredo di stefano . he has also scored 323 with his right foot , 52 with his head .  ronaldo doesn ' t have the status of raul or di stefano to look up to .
gareth bale is a huge doubt for real madrid ' s champions league quarter - final second leg match against atletico madrid .  the welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off with a calf injury against malaga on saturday .  real coach carlo ancelotti is hoping to have karim benzema fit for wednesday ' s match .
cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell .  the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack .
eidur gudjohnsen opened the scoring for cardiff in the 59th minute .  emile heskey doubled the visitors ' lead with a header .  craig davies scored a brace to ensure his side claimed all three points .  bolton now have a 13 - point buffer on those in the relegation zone .  josh vela was booked for a late swipe at peter whittingham .
french free diver jumped into dean ' s blue hole in the bahamas .  guillame nery is seen at the edge before taking the plunge .  the hole is 660ft ( 200 metres ) deep , although he doesn ' t go to the bottom .  free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal .  the spaniard has been linked to a return to his home country .  spaniard admits he has heard about interest from atletico madrid .
shelly sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband ' s alleged mistress v . stiviano . donald sterling , 80 , had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $ 1 . 8 million house , luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades .  but shelly insisted on wednesday she didn ' t take them to court over the money .
retired cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague aldrich ames as a russian double agent , says she sees nothing of herself in the characters .  ' i wish they wouldn  t use centerfold models in tight clothes .  we don  t act that way , ' grimes told the new york times on sunday .  the group of women say they are nothing like the honey - pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze .
geoff barrow , founder of rock band portishead , attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ' especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply .  he added that he has nothing against streaming , but wants musicians to be paid more , and it is hurting young talent , stopping people from establishing themselves on the scene .  streaming companies have been quick to upload their music on to these platforms to prop up the collapse in cd sales after music moved online .
marc benioff , the ceo of salesforce . com , was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill , calling it ' brutal ' and ' unjust ' .  he initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state .  he is now responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state , and is trying to find ways to help them .
julie bishop is australia ' s highest - ranking official to visit iran in 12 years .  she donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif .  social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom .
nelson oliveira is on loan at swansea from benfica .  the portugal striker is expected to start against leicester on saturday .  bafetimbi gomis has been ruled out for between three to four weeks .
emily reay , 17 , has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter .  claims she was ordered to tone down after teachers decided colour was inappropriate .  now , she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance .
tabitha anne bennett , who is unemployed , allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl , 14 , and encouraged them to brawl , police said .  bennett allegedly admitted to encouraging the fight but denied kicking the girl .  bennett was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .
tony mccoy has decided to end his peerless career this weekend .  the 15 - year - old left his home in moneyglass , county antrim , to head to an apprentice jockey ' s life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny .  claire says seeing ' anthony ' leave left her ' heartbroken ' .
sevdet besim , 18 , is charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' .  he is one of two 18 - year - old men arrested for allegedly planning an ' isis inspired ' attack on an anzac day ceremony .  asio contacted the families of some of the would - be killers and cautioned them the men were becoming radicalised .
northern territory ' s chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs .  on monday night , 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw  large rocks  at police .  the government stated  the current situation would not be tolerated  parents will also be fined $ 298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction ' s niall horan ' s clothes .  the 20 - year - old then took a photograph of herself in the star ' s polo shirt .  she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy .  miss sokie posted a picture of herself wearing the same item on twitter .
rangers crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston .  derek lyle , gavin reilly and a lee wallace own goal gave queen of the south  s play - off hopes a massive boost . stuart mccall urged rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .  keeper simon mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and a top four finish .  philippe coutinho even suggested as much ahead of their quarter - final replay at blackburn last week .
a man stood up to a swastika - tattooed neo - nazi with his fists clenched in rage during a melbourne rally .  reclaim australia , an anti - islam group , organised protests at major cities across australia .  a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos appeared at the event .  the reclaim australia event in melbourne was also crashed by neo - nazis .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california .  charged with child cruelty after video of alleged abuse surfaced online .  but following interviews , his charge was changed from ' cruelty ' to ' endangerment ' .  he has written a facebook post claiming the incident is a ' misunderstanding ' .
declan fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds .  the 31 - year - old has ' experienced a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons .  fitzpatrick won seven caps for ireland , the last of which was against new zealand during the 2013 autumn tests .
atletico madrid are in talks to sign paulo dybala , according to reports in spain .  a representative for palermo , gustavo mascardi , is in madrid .  atletico coach gustavo masarini is set masterminded their 3 - 1 champions league win over bayern munich on wednesday night .
parking attendant roberto cinti was driving the ferrari when he mistook the throttle for the brake .  the driver mashed the throttle , unleashing 671bhp from the magnificent 6 . 0 - litre v12 engine .  the 300 , 000 supercar can hit 60mph in just 3 . 3 seconds .  only 599 of the ferrari 599 gto model were built , which is the manufacturer ' s fastest ever road car .
dr sanjay gupta was asked by a nepalese hospital to perform brain surgery on a 15 - year - old girl who was injured in the earthquake .  the neurosurgeon performed a craniotomy on the girl after a wall of her family fell on her as she collected water outside .  more than 6 , 000 people are believed to have been killed in the 7 . 8 - magnitude quake , but nepalese officials have speculated that as many as 10 , 000 could have died .
drew hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available to help an elderly woman .  but as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a 70 ticket on his car .  he initially tore up the ticket and threw it in the bin before going back to pick it up .
luka modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .  cristiano ronaldo was the first madrid player to go over to gareth bale .  real madrid face atletico madrid at the bernabeu on wednesday .  click here for all the latest real madrid news .
hakeem kuta , 17 , plunged six stories from the roof of the bronx building on thursday night .  police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building .  when officers got to the roof , some teens jumped to another roof and ran away .  kuta and his 14 - year - old companion , who has not been named , were pinned in by a dividing wall .
craig ' lazie ' lynch , 34 , is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies .  he has invested in properties in cyprus , ireland and spain and a fleet of luxury cars .  former friend says he has become a ' self - made millionaire earning so much tax - free ' .
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to detroit .  the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers .  detroit restaurant katoi , which opens in june , is hiring staff , but the billboards are more about advertising detroit ' s entrepreneurial and creative opportunities .
virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving jeffrey epstein .  but judge kenneth marra ordered her claims she was a ' sex slave ' to be ' struck from the record ' .
giorgio armani , 80 , admitted he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much .  the milan - born designer has never denied that he is gay .  cristiano ronaldo , 30 , is another celebrity that may not agree with armani ' s disapproval of his disapproval of men who ' dress homosexual ' .
jordan spieth has competed in four events in a row .  the 21 - year - old has also competed in the cadillac match play championship in san francisco next week .  ian poulter , henrik stenson and sergio garcia have decided not to play .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee .  he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel shortly before 5pm .  stoll was previously in the news for non - sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california .
russia lifted ban on supplying iran with air defence missile system .  defence ministry said it was ready to supply equipment ' promptly ' .  move likely to anger both the u . s . and israel at a time of heightened tensions .
jose mourinho believes manchester united will not be weakened by injury .  marcos rojo , phil jones , michael carrick and daley blind will all be out .  chelsea take on chelsea at stamford bridge on tomorrow .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
sarah stage , a 30 - year - old underwear model and animal rights activist , took to instagram on monday to share a photo of herself flaunting a barely - there baby bump .  the snapshot of herself in a bra and thong underwear has been liked nearly 45 , 000 times since it was posed .
fay purdham , 27 , and christopher dodd , 24 , are now a couple .  the pair grew up together as boys , playing football and football .  fay started her transition to becoming a woman at the age of 23 .  they now live together and are planning their dream wedding .
rose mcgrath was dismissed from st joseph middle school in battle creek , michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards .  the 7th - grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments , which started in 2012 .
karim benzema has been ruled out of real madrid ' s la liga clash with malaga .  the frenchman picked up the injury in tuesday ' s 0 - 0 champions league quarter - final first leg draw at atletico madrid .  carlo ancelotti is likely to bring isco into the starting line - up on saturday .  gareth bale and cristiano ronaldo will be tasked with scoring goals in benzema ' s absence .
the southern all - stars came out on top in our simulated all - star game .  alexis sanchez and harry kane were the heroes in the simulated match .  manchester city hotshot sergio aguero gave the northern combined xi the lead after less than a minute , but his team were still beaten .  arsenal ' s alexis sanchez is the stand - out in football manager ' s player ratings .
the louisiana - raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a hartford , connecticut show on july 17 for the sandy hook promise group .  however , anti - gun control commenters have said that mcgraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the dixie chicks never bounced back from criticizing george w bush .  mcgraw ' s opening act bill currington backed away from the project after backlash saying , ' i ' ve never been one to take on controversial issues - i ' m a singer ' .
lewis hamilton sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses .  but a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior as ' selfish and inconsiderate ' .  hamilton used to date ex - pussy cat doll nicole scherzinger .
the map was created using data from nasa  s tropical rainfall measuring mission satellite , and the orbview - 1 / microlab satellite .  it shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013 .  the democratic republic of congo was found to have the most over the period .
darren bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1 - 1 draw with brentford .  alex pritchard scored his 10th goal for the rams . tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes .
danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth 23million .  the brazil right back has been linked with a move to real madrid .  porto have reached the last eight of this year ' s champions league .
ashy bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $ us49 , 500 - ten times it ' s real $ usd4950 price .  the gold coast training queen apologised to her ' very angry and upset ' followers .  ms bines blamed the confusion on an unnamed editor .
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in 1492 .  archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle , dating to around a . d . 600 .  bronze - working had not been developed at this time in alaska , and researchers believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia .
slovakia beat czech republic 1 - 0 in a friendly in zilina on tuesday .  ondrej duda scored the winning goal in the 49th minute .  it was the third victory for slovakia in the 10th match against the czechs since czechoslovakia ' s split in 1993 .
turkey hunting season begins in april and ends at the end of may .  for around 7 ( $ 10 ) permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 acres of land .  turkey hunting is allowed in designated areas around the st . cloud regional airport , in minnesota .
aaron finch has had surgery on his left hamstring .  the australian batsman will be sidelined for up to three months .  finch was part of australia ' s world cup - winning side .
a woman was forced to give birth to her son on the interstate 65 north in louisville , kentucky , on thursday .  a nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers arrived at 5 . 25pm .  the roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown louisville .
the model contains more than 30 , 000 figures , and illustrates all the key moments of the battle .  it was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle ' s bicentenary , which falls on june 18 of this year .
fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple ' s official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .  these include listings for an ios battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer .  this includes 90 time checks , 90 notifications , 45 minutes of app use , and a 30 - minute workout with music .
the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24 . com as it took off from malta ' s international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight .  the airbus a319 flew two circuits around malta , with final section skirting the italian coast . the special flight was to celebrate the marriage of one of the airline ' s pilot to a member of cabin crew .
starting in may , scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on the popular soap opera .
didgeridoo maker plays a tune while unsuspecting cows graze in the background .  italian musician was filmed by filmmaker friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford , milton keynes .  the herd then stand and enjoy the music while andrea serenades them with his hand - made instrument .
a 12 - year - old israeli girl is still missing after a tour boat she was on exploded .  passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .  between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft .
jessica ainscough , 30 , died in late february after a seven - year battle with cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma .  she spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as gerson therapy .
geoff johnson , 37 , returned to his mother , a compulsive hoarder , 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing .  he and his younger sister jennifer , also aged 37 , joined him as they confronted their past after their mother died of breast cancer in 2013 .  they were inspired to create a moving photo - series with their own children to document the reality of being a child ' s child .
a young woman found a mildly venomous snake in her shopping trolley .  she pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping alone .  snake catchers 24 / 7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake .  brown tree snakes are mildly so they try to hide in warm areas .
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after under - going surgery .  the 19 - year - old was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis in january .  she had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine .  now she shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag . com .
the first lady and ' grandmother - in - chief ' , marian robinson , sat down for a meal at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street in new york ' s greenwich village .  batali was heard describing michelle as ' a happy woman ' .  he was heard telling photographers that the pair had the ' chef ' s roman tasting menu ' .  the menu , priced at $ 65 per person , plus $ 49 with wine pairings , is a five - course set meal .
kenny hetrick , 72 , is campaigning for his tigers , leopards and bears to be returned after they were seized by the state in january .  in total , six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger ( part lion ) were taken from hetrick ' s stony ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ' unsafe ' .  authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures .
pietro boselli , 26 , originally from brescia , italy , tried to keep his modelling secret from colleagues and students at the university college london ( ucl ) he has now achieved his phd and is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy .  he says that his studies were his priority growing up , forcing him to turn down lucrative jobs that would take him away from his books .
elizabeth stewart is a former fashion editor for women ' s wear daily and the new york times and credited with styling australian actress cate blanchett .  cristina elrich , the stylist responsible for creating a fresh faced glamour look for aussie beauty margot robbie and jessica biel .
a new survey by ripley ' s believe it or not has shown who we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family .  david beckham was voted number one choice for dad .  katie hopkins came bottom of the list .
queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday .  the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ' darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny ' .  it ' s unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from .  revelations on social media suggest the pair are from the sunshine coast in queensland .
kristen bieniewicz of westland , the representative of her husband ' s estate , is suing bassel saad , along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league .  saad was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter .  the lawsuit also names the michigan united soccer league , which is accused of allowing saad to play despite his reputation as a violent player .
clare else ' s husband andrew was knifed more than 200 times by ephraim norman .  the 52 - year - old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder .  norman had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill , the old bailey was told .  mrs else has been scared to leave her home ' in case she gets a knife in the back ' .
queretaro beat club america 4 - 0 in liga mx game .  ronaldinho scores two goals in quick succession .  tigres monterrey moved up to fourth in the clausura .
chancellor claimed ' one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off each week .  he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk .  mr osborne said the show was a ' fantastic advert for britain ' and particularly for cornwall .
point guard stephen curry outscored new orleans with 11 first - quarter points in there play - off game .  the warriors built a 15 - point lead and rolled to victory in game one of their western conference first - round series .  game two in the best - of - seven series is scheduled for monday night in oakland .
buddhist wu yunqing was preserved at lingquan temple in anyang , china .  now 17 years on , his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible .  records show his parents died he was 15 - years - old , leading him to run away to became a monk in shanxi yanan qing hua temple .  earlier this year , mummified remains of a man apparently meditating in the lotus position were unearthed in mongolia .
christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , chose hot pink for her live election debate last thursday .  plaid cymru ' s leanne wood chose a bright shade of the colour for her election debate .  samantha cameron chose a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail last may .
obama said he ' had to say hi ' to usain bolt , the fastest sprinter of all time , when he became the first american president to visit the island nation since 1982 .  bolt posted the video of him with obama to his instagram account on friday and said it was ' truly a great honor ' to meet the u . s . president .  bolt wrote on instagram that he was honored to have met bolt and triple - world champion shelly - ann fraser - pryce .
angel di maria has been linked with a move away from manchester united .  the 27 - year - old has a new no 7 tattoo which stands out among others .  di maria also wears the no 7 jersey for argentina too .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould .  exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment .
manchester city have been reined in by financial fair play regulations .  gary neville believes a star player will always choose manchester city .  the former manchester united defender believes city would struggle to attract top players thanks to uefa ' s ffp regulations .
sports illustrated star chrissy teigen posted a picture of her legs to instagram .  the 29 - year - old said : ' bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week .  stretchies say hi ! ' .  hundreds of other women have rushed to join the wife of john legend .
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches .  these range from bruises and sprains to bruises , torn ligaments and at worst , concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord . government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports .
petr cech has made just four league starts for arsenal this season .  ray parlour believes arsenal are only three signings away from winning the title .  the blues face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .  click here for all the latest arsenal news .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night .  pep guardiola ' s underwear was on show after the incident .  bayern managed to book a place in the champions league semi - finals .
european eagle owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months .  locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird .  hoards of twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch a sighting .
mohammed nisar , 55 , had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall station .  he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque .  mr quinn , 46 , said he felt ' dazed ' after returning the bag in a rush .  mr nisar believes ' honesty is the best policy ' and has returned a number of valuable lost items to passengers in the past .
former first minister caught boasting : ' i ' m writing the labour party budget ' .  he also joked that he would ' check his top pocket ' at fundraising event .  david cameron and boris johnson join forces to warn of ' constitutional crisis ' .
towie , population 300 , has a single road , a few houses , primary school , church , church and a community hall .  turkish mining giant koza altin isletmeleri and a highland firm greenore are now seeking planning permission for further investigation .  gold was discovered by aberdeen university in the 1990s and has long been spotted in local streams .
abc released a fourth promo video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner ' s interview with diane sawyer .  the 65 - year - old former decathlete says it is ' going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i ' m gonna get through it ' .
jake castner , from ballarat in victoria , went into hiding last week .  on his fourth day on the run , he boasted on the social media site : ' we don ' t talk to police ! ' .  he was arrested in the mount helen area just after 11 . 30am .  the 19 - year - old  s facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of  bud for cash  and an image of him appearing to smoke a glass pipe .
study identified 17 areas in the central and eastern us with increased rates of induced seismicity .  earthquakes sometimes caused by fracking , in which large volumes of water , sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas .  oklahoma lately has been rocked by more magnitude - 3 quakes than california , the most seismically active of the lower 48 states .
rebecca calder , 24 , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' cards to withdraw large amounts of cash .  at her peak she was draining up to 300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts , spending it on nights out and items such as shoes .  officers discovered calder had stolen more than 5 , 000 from the savings of the couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities .
natasha elderfield , 41 , is on trial at oxford crown court .  she is accused of stabbing her boyfriend robert dobinson , 33 , through the heart after he interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man .
raheem sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself , according to roy keane .  liverpool boss roy keane insists that a footballer should ' always look after no 1 ' .  sterling ' s agent aidy ward is not exactly endearing sterling to anyone .
yvonne deegan , 77 , described investigation as ' absolutely diabolical ' .  she said she was ' perfectly happy ' with the care provided by dr rory lyons .  her husband bernie deegan died suddenly earlier this year following a 12 - year cancer battle .
spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the atlantic .  the 14 - storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt creates a huge explosion on impact .  billionaire spacex founder elon musk tweeted : ' rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ' .
dr mark porter , head of the british medical association , said whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges .  all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use .
teresa sheldon , 38 , from dartford , kent , has been charged with murder .  son tommy , from southampton , died from fatal burns caused in fireball .  two passers - by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help .  another child who was in the car managed to escape and survived .  tommy is also charged with the attempted murder of another child .
aston villa host aston villa at white hart lane on saturday afternoon .  mauricio pochettino says tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return .  spurs chairman daniel levy shown sherwood ' s door on thursday .  villa travel to london on the back of a thrilling 3 - 3 draw against qpr .  click here for all the latest aston villa news .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday .  horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par - 3 contest at augusta national .  the irish singer is set to compete at the deutsche bank championship .
andy and kim sears set to marry in his home town of dunblane on saturday .  local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the great day .  lesley anderson , 52 , who owns point nouveau bridal shop in falkirk , sent a thank you note which said it was ' gorgeous ' .
doctor john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney ' s west for treatment about midday on saturday .  the humanitarian doctor had been working at an australian - run ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november .  the world health organisation estimated more than 10 , 000 people have died from the deadly virus .
michelle schwab , 38 , has been charged with child endangerment .  mother - of - three faces six months in jail and a $ 1 , 000 fine .  she allegedly dangled her son over 10 - foot - deep enclosure at cleveland metroparks zoo before he slipped and fell .  visitors heard a scream at 3pm on saturday and looked to see the boy leaping into the pit to retrieve the boy , who was treated for a leg injury .
the collection was amassed by george iii and has been under lock .  it has been digitised and the queen was at windsor castle for the launch .  her majesty admired the poems , which were written by the shah of persia .
tim sherwood will return to white hart lane for the first time on saturday .  tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade him to stay on .  sherwood sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino .
stephanie scott ' s remains were found in cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw .  the 26 - year - old school teacher was last seen on easter sunday .  vincent standford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .  her body has now been transported to glebe morgue in sydney .  ms scott was set to marry fiance aaron leeson - woolley on saturday .
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 .  the former celtic striker admitted to having a gambling problem .  hartson played for arsenal , west ham and celtic during his playing career .
former playboy model annette edwards holds her world record .  five - year - old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st , the king of the continental giant breed .  darius seems nonchalant about his world record  and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son , jeff .
the mercedes - benz fashion week australia show was held at white city tennis club in paddington on tuesday night .  lindy klim , amanda bisk , juliette burnett , and yogi and instagram star sjana earp opened the show with a performance of stretching and yoga poses .  the models included ballerinas and sprinters , while samantha harris also made an appearance .  we are handsome are celebrating strong , healthy shapes - the type of people they have designed their new activewear collection for .
the royal commission in queensland heard from alleged victims who suffered at the hands of nuns and priests who ran the neerkol orphanage near rockhampton .  a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age .  a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest reginald durham , who is now dead , from when she was 11 .  the rockhampton hearing in queensland is expected to go until april 24 .
the liquid is called shear - thickening fluid ( stf ) and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature .  it does not conform to the model of newtonian liquids , such as water , in which the force required to move the fluid faster must increase exponentially .
a magnitude 3 . 1 earthquake caused a ' sharp jolt ' to be felt in the san fernando valley north of los angeles .  the epicentre of the quake was around four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 .  there was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported .
david lammy said snp was a party labour could ' do business with ' .  admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings from tories that snp will hold labour to ' ransom ' if it holds balance of power in parliament next month .  john major will warn britain faces ' daily dose of blackmail ' from snp .
stacey johnson , 22 , was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 .  her sister dannii , now 20 , also had a growth in her brain .  stacey has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy .  she has never been able to work since her diagnosis eight years ago .
the 25 - year - old has pleaded not guilty to shooting odin lloyd five times in the chest and back .  prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on january 29 .  lloyd was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez ' s home on june 17 , 2013 .
according to the game of thrones books , valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the valyria governed essos .  it reigned for 5 , 000 years before a disaster struck the empire , known as the ' doom of valyria ' .
eric cantona believes manchester united are ' kings of the city ' after beating manchester city on sunday .  the former united captain believes they have found the right man in louis van gaal to drive them to the premier league title next year .  cantona once professed his desire to be the manager at old trafford but has changed his mind .  he also said the onus they put on developing young players in their academy gives them the edge over city in the long run .
glen walford has been embroiled in a legal battle with worcestershire county council since her mother mary moved to a care home in 2006 .  the 75 - year - old has recently invested 40 , 000 in renovations at her mother ' s house in stourport - on - severn .  she has spent two years fighting the council over whether the 205 , 000 house should be used to recover the cost of her mother  s care .
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity - defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties .  footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .  he then proceeds to walk forwards , performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes .
frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high - speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle .  he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police .  the entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above .
sandie konopelski of shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train .  she died of blunt - force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene .  bi - state wildlife hotline of missouri and illinois posted a facebook tribute .
daria rose , 18 , lost everything in hurricane sandy and was recently accepted to seven ivy league schools .  the hempstead teen immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything - - including their home - - when the superstorm hit in october 2012 .  she never gave up on her dream of attending an ivy league school .  a college essay about her experience helped rose secure a spot in yale , harvard , princeton , dartmouth , university of pennsylvania , cornell , and brown .
fox news sunday anchor chris wallace , 67 , said kelly clarkson ' could stay off deep dish pizza for a while ' during interview with conservative talk show host mike gallagher .  in reply , he said : ' you know the singer , kelly clarkson ? holy cow , did she blow up ' .  within minutes , wallace ' s response had sparked outrage online .  fellow fox news anchor greta van susteren , 60 , almost immediately took to her blog to chastise her colleague over his comments .
the sapling was planted in january - wabash park in ferguson , missouri .  it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' .  a ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association .  but by sunday morning , the tree had been ripped down , leaving just a shard of the trunk .
wei guiyi , 76 , has guided her blind hubby huang funeng , 80 , around with a bamboo pole .  he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985 .  despite her own hunchback condition , the pensioner never complains about their plights .
mike brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for harlequins .  northampton wing george north suffered four quick - fire concussions .  ireland ' s johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term .
freddie gray , 25 , died on sunday , april 19 after he ' had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' while in police custody .  he was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt .
chelsea are continuing talks with belgian side royal mouscron - peruwelz .  french side lille cut their ties with the belgian side earlier this month .  cheslea are also in talks over a possible partnership with vitesse arnhem .
capital one yesterday became first provider to scrap cashback offer for new customers . company also warned existing customers that loyalty points they earn will be much lower from june 1 .  financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit .  last month , european parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0 . 2 % of transaction value for debit cards and 0 . 3 per cent for credit cards .
shadow welsh secretary owen smith has expressed regret that party cannot ' get rid ' of trident nuclear deterrent .  he said : ' our policy is that we will retain trident , we will maintain a continuous at - sea deterrent ' .  three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident , which preserves a round - the - clock protection at sea in case of a nuclear strike .  tories have warned that labour could  sell out  britain in a deal with the snp which wants to scrap trident .
marco verratti has hailed his swedish team - mate zlatan ibrahimovic for playing an ' essential ' role for psg .  the 33 - year - old has bagged 17 goals for laurent blanc ' s side this season .  ibrahimovic is available for the club ' s champions league quarter - final second leg against barcelona .
ryan , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling .  the brothers were spotted out together with friends on easter sunday .  ryan spent 150 , 000 trying to silence big brother star imogen thomas .
the native australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland .  now it  s disappeared from around 80 per cent .  small populations remaining in queensland , the northern territory and western australia .  predators like feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations .  until recently , australia had two species of bilbies - the greater bilby and the lesser bilby .
annegret raunigk , 65 , is set to become the world ' s oldest woman to give birth to quads .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix with kimi raikkonen and nico rosberg in the gulf kingdom last week .  the 30 - year - old has driven supremely well , gaining his lead in the championship .  hamilton said he was disappointed ex - drivers were not being more supportive , as if blind adoration was his birthright .
nikko jenkins , 28 , tried to carve ' 666 ' into his forehead but did it backwards .  the symbol is described in the biblical book of revelation as ' the sign of the beast ' .  jenkins was jailed exactly one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days after being released from prison .
krishnan guru - murthy tried to ask robert downey jr about his drug - taking past . the 50 - year - old said : ' i ' m sorry , i really don ' t . .  .  are we doing ? ' .  naomi campbell , robert pattinson and peter andre have all cut their chat time short .
larry kramer , 79 , says he believes what ' s written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles .  in volume one of his two part book ' the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln ' s spurned gay lover .
anna broom , 33 , of gillingham , kent , has not worked since the age of 19 .  now wants an extra 10 , 000 to fund her dream wedding to jordan burford .  she is desperate for a church ceremony , designer dress , horse and carriage .  miss broom receives monthly benefits including 460 disability living allowance and joint 200 housing benefit with fiance who also gets 134 income support a month .
navinder singh sarao , 37 , is facing extradition after failing to pay 5million bail .  he allegedly made 550 , 000 in five minutes on the day of the ' flash crash ' .  he is accused of using computer programs to create ' spoof ' transactions .  his parents have agreed to surrender their passports as part of bail conditions .
tipu sultan , the tiger of mysore , fought in india in 1799 .  troops plundered the city and the palace , returning to britain with gold , jewellery , arms , armour , clothing and even tipu ' s grand throne .  experts expect them to fetch a total of 1million .
shelley dufresne , 32 , confessed to having sex with a 16 - year - old english student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time .  the married mother - of - three was arrested in september after the teen in question started bragging that he had slept with two teachers .  the unidentified teen was a student in destrehan high school last year .
massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay ' s five - year - old son jacob was born mia , the second of three sisters .  from a very early age , jacob began rejecting his gender .  the lemays decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy .
vera baird donated 500 , 000 of public money to victims first northumbria .  the charity supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director .  critics accuse them of concocting ' a soap opera ' within the force .
the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem .  they had finished a tour of the old city , as well as kim ' s home nation of armenia .
radamel falcao spent his thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez .  the manchester united striker has been linked with paris saint - germain , juventus and valencia in recent weeks .  united face premier league - leaders chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday .  click here for all the latest manchester united news .
stuart dallas impressed for northern ireland last week .  the 23 - year - old scored two goals as brentford beat fulham 4 - 1 on good friday .  mark warburton has plucked him from a glorified park and 70 - a - week .
the eight - inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in gdansk .
massage therapist suzi cinalli says your ' third eye ' can help boost concentration .  massaging point points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension .  opt for activated nuts  available from planet organic  for optimum nutrient absorption .  swapping cereal for fish at breakfast can ramp up brain - boosting essential fatty acids ( efas ) and slow release sugars .
marouane fellaini picked steven gerrard as the best passer of the ball .  the belgian was dismissed just 38 seconds after coming on during liverpool ' s 2 - 1 defeat to united at anfield last month .  wayne rooney was described as the toughest tackler he has played against .
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre .  felicity waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the conservatorium of music .  she asked if they needed her help before the former pm agreed to a selfie .  it comes just weeks after liberal mp christopher pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television after boasting he was a ' fixer ' .
a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age .  ' i ' m 51 , ' replied michelle obama .
police scotland ' s edinburgh division has seen break - ins soar by 40 % .  they posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page .  victims branded the move as ' insensitive ' and ' a joke ' .
emily thornberry has come out against david cameron ' s pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes .  but eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost 1million .  miss thornberry lost her frontbench job after tweeting a picture of a house covered in england flags and with a white van outside .
martina navratilova and agnieszka radwanska issued statements on friday to announce the parting .  the pair announced in december that they would work together .  they announced they will work together in december .
tory mp bemoaned tories ' recent electoral performances , complaining they ' haven ' t been able to win an election for 23 years ' .  mr clarke also warned against offering ' blank cheques ' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets .  he also criticised the tory leadership for making personal attacks on ed miliband .
daniel sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order due to a hip problem .  the england international has played just 12 league games this season .  brendan rodgers is searching for a proven attacker who will be able to call on consistently .
union conference heard that schools are struggling to cope with influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english .  also said english - speaking children are not getting their  fair share  of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad .  around one in six primary school pupils do not have english as their first language , while in secondary schools the figure is one in seven .
biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself .  they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip .  researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process .
a 50 - year - old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges .  police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north - west of brisbane , about 7 . 30pm on monday .  five people , including a woman believed to be the man ' s ex - partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it .  the victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene .
sir john major mocked nicola sturgeon over her demand to play a role .  he said she is ' not even bothering ' to stand as an mp herself .  the snp would use its role to bolster support ahead of next year ' s scottish parliament elections .  sir john said he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to scotland would make independence more , not less , likely .
liverpool beat blackburn 1 - 0 in the fa cup quarter - final at ewood park .  lucas leiva missed all of his serious knee injury in november .  the brazil international is hoping to get his chance against aston villa .
real madrid have failed to win any of their last seven games against atletico madrid since last season ' s champions league final .  diego simeone ' s men have not beaten rivals atletico since last year ' s final , losing four games and drawing three .  wednesday night ' s second leg will be the eighth time the two teams have met since the final less than a year ago .  real needed a late equaliser from sergio ramos and extra - time to beat atleti in the copa del rey .
liverpool lost 1 - 0 to aston villa in the fa cup semi - final on sunday .  steven gerrard was denied the opportunity of ending his career in this season ' s fa cup final at wembley .  gerrard ' s final game at anfield will come in the league against crystal palace on may 16 .
manny pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic wild card gym in los angeles this evening .  the filipino icon was almost two hours late for his workout .
last month ' s average temperature soared to 56 . 4f ( 13 . 6c ) above the average for the 20th century .  this was the highest for march in the 1880 - 2015 record , surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0 . 09c .  scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere , leading to increased temperatures , melting of polar ice and glaciers , and rising seas .
nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 .  but pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be the labour party ' s ed miliband . comes six weeks ahead of the general election in may .
marouane fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united in recent weeks .  but goalkeeper thibaut courtois says chelsea have a plan to deal with him .  the 27 - year - old has starred in recent wins over tottenham , liverpool and manchester city .
angela maxwell thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day prank .  she said she would not give up her five - hour shift preparing meals for pensioners .  the 67 - year - old spent more than four hours at coningsby community hall .  the couple , who have two adult children , said they would buy a new minibus .
the 51 - year - old actor played the doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005 .  he only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss russell t davies .  he has previously hinted about a row with the show ' s bosses .
lillian bustle , from new jersey , said that ' fat ' is just another word - and using it doesn ' t have to be an insult .  she also said that size discrimination in the workplace has risen 66 per cent in the past 30 years .
mr yuan , from changsha , was involved in a car crash on march 24 .  none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else .  the women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them .  they have set up an online facebook group so they can all chat .
aaron cook ' s application to switch allegiances to moldova has been approved .  the 24 - year - old has been granted moldovan citizenship .  olympic association plans to fight for them in rio 2016 .  cook has not competed for gb since missing out on selection for london 2012 .
alan smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle while attempting to block a john arne riise free - kick during manchester united ' s fa cup fifth round exit nine years ago .  reports circulated that liverpool fans tried to disrupt smith ' s journey to hospital by throwing bottles , beer glasses and stones at the ambulance as well as rocking the vehicle .  smith made his comeback for united seven months later .
lindsay jo rimer was 13 when she went missing from hebden bridge .  her body was discovered in rochdale canal five months later .  her sister kate described her family ' s struggle as a ' life sentence ' .  ms rimer said : ' we miss her so much but every memory of her is tainted ' .  detectives are still searching for the ' golden nugget ' to bring justice to her family .
mark reckless defected to ukip to trigger the rochester and strood by - election .  he faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2 , 920 majority on may 7 .  disclosure comes after ukip was thrown into turmoil by last week ' s survey .
child was outside shops with her older sister in brighton when dog attacked her .  girl suffered single puncture wound to her upper lip following incident .  youngster taken to royal alexandra children ' s hospital to undergo treatment .
jack rowe was found face down in his family ' s swimming pool last july .  the three - year - old had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water .  he was found 20 minutes later in the garden of their home in upavon , wiltshire .  a coroner has ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he ' never went near ' the pool .
bernard whalen ' s new book , ' the nypd ' s first fifty years , ' is a tale of kickbacks , mob violence and secret kkk members .  william devery , who held the post from 1898 - 1901 , was never shy about trading dollars for ranks .  devery was recorded as saying that there was a great deal of ' grafting ' going on among his subordinates .
the space launch system ( sls ) will be 11 self - contained small satellites .  the first is a near - earth asteroid ( nea ) scout , using solar sail propulsion , will fly by a small asteroid , taking pictures and making observations .  biosentinel will use yeast to detect , measure , and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over long durations beyond low - earth orbit .
locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo reported witnessing ' a low - flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year .  reports come as acoustic scientists from curtin university refuse to rule out the possibility that ' distinctive ' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft .
the exotic dancers had been hired by the deceased ' s own wife .  mrs jian booked the dancers as a final gift to her husband .  she said she wanted to ensure that his final journey was one that he would appreciate .
barnet beat gateshead to secure promotion to the conference .  martin allen ' s fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful .  mauro vilhete scored a brace in barnet ' s 7 - 0 win over alfreton town .
nicola sturgeon hailed as shock winner of last night ' s tv debate .  average of four polls of viewers put mr cameron just ahead .  to the tories  delight , he also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen  most capable of leading the country  comres put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister , with mr miliband on 28 per cent and mr farage just 10 per cent .
aidan fraley , 16 , says his father ' s 73 - year - old killer should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad ' s dad .  bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 .  he has been charged with second - degree manslaughter .
cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved freddo frogs by 20 per cent .  the miniature chocolate amphibians , which weighed a plump 20g two years ago , will now weigh just 12g .  cadbury ' s parent company  s profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $ 87 million to $ 127 million in 2013 .
alan pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a raid on tim krul .  the crystal palace manager is planning a busy summer in the transfer market .  the 53 - year - old made the shock decision to leave newcastle in january .
kim kardashian , whose armenian heritage comes from her father , has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide .  the white house still refuses to call the mass killings a ' genocide ' for fear of offending ally turkey .
luke rockhold beat lyoto machida by second - round submission in new jersey .  rockhold should be next in line for a pay - per - view title shot in the 185 - pound division .  chris weidman and vitor belfort were in the co - main event .
liverpool vice - captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league .  henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2 - 0 win over newcastle united on monday night .  liverpool are four points above them in the race for the champions league .
a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti - islam groups has mocked protests in melbourne .  it was originally thought reclaim australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed .  ' jeremy ' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the sydney protest got underway .
david cameron will today announce an extra 600 , 000 childcare spaces .  the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on people earning more than 150 , 000 to fund additional free childcare places .  mr cameron will tell the audience that the conservative party wants to reward hard work .
more than 1 , 000 cuban properties are listed on airbnb .  private rooms are available for as little as $ 12 ( 8 ) a night .  the bulk of them are located in the capital of havana .
