Porto have made £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .  The majority of these deals have involved South Americans .  Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .  19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now - Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez .
Ronnie Carroll was due to stand as an independent in Hampstead and Kilburn .  He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself .  He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision contests , with the songs Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .  Carter also served as president of the Football League .  Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 .  Roberto Martinez said : ' This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian '
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .  Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for name 's declining popularity .  Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .  The law of service of process has evolved this way : the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person .
England beat Italy 1 - 0 at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Roy Hodgson 's side have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals in France .  Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups .  Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments below .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night .  The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form .  Newcastle have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt .  Ricardo Cruz said .  Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .  The ship departed Tampa , Florida , on Sunday for a two - week cruise in the southern Caribbean .
Ian Brady , 77 , wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital .  He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  Brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with Myra Hindley .  The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor .
Green party 's new election advert features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro - austerity boyband .  The video is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .
UEFA have ruled that the final 18 seconds of England Women 's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .  The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .  England 's 3 - 1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .
