General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car .  It has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric and the front chairs can swivel round .  And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .  The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ’
Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of manhole .  The 36-year - old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole in Shirley , Solihull .  Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway , told them to turn off their gas supply , and called the fire service .
A member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .  TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .  Tesco said its vegetables go through an ' extensive assessment and review process '
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules .  But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘ over - interpreting ’ legislation .  Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .  The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out - of - state family member called in a well - being check .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .  His wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago , according to her attorney .
Domenico Rancadore , 65 , fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a ' man of honour ' He was given a seven - year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .  But today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .  To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , fears she will be next to face firing squad .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad on Bali 's ' death island ' She said : ' The men shot dead were reformed men – good men who transformed the lives of people around them '
Abby Bishop took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .  Now Zala is 20 months old and follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .  The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .  Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .  The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .  The 27-year - old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job .  But he was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster .  Newcastle Crown Court heard stun gun could cause victim to ' startle and repel ' Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .  He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe .  The meal is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar .  It includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google+ social network .  The ruling is the result of a five - year investigation into the American search giant .  Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull .  But he fell and hit his head , fracturing his skull and suffering a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 .  His mother Lisa Darnbrough , 49 , said : ' Phil was such a lovely lad '
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City ’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .  The tragic fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11 , 1985 .  Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .  The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long - range finish .  FIFA have integrated it into their Global Grassroots Youth Programmes for 2015 - 2018 while Manchester United have also tested it at their elite academy .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .  After Fallon told Christie he ' looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ;   ' If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .  Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera .  They will mix with their rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .  The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .  Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor .
Virginia ’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .  Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was ' concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks . '  Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said .
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers ( 56 miles ) from the Libyan port of Misrata .  An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel .  Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
A finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound ( EBUS ) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .  The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube .  Findings from a three - year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient ’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘ tosser ’ on Top Gear .  The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .  A BBC spokesman said : ‘ A very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events ’
The Girl In The Spider 's Web will be published worldwide on August 27 .  It will be the fourth installment in the Millennium crime trilogy by Stieg Larsson .  Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .  Publisher Norstedts revealed that it kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty .  The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .  Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation , there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station .  The 42-year - old threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10 pm on Sunday .  Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .  The culprit managed to escape in the smashed - up car but would n't have got far without   working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ' The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia .  Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .
A further 11 dentists were paid between £ 400,000 and £ 500,000 .  More than 1,600 pocketed £ 100,000-£200,000 in 2012/13 .  Campaigners said the payments were ‘ scandalous ’ and ‘ unacceptable ’
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network ( UKMON ) in Portadown , County Armagh .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  Not because she might cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .  Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ’ debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .
UEFA has ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .  FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .  Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth - round play - off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free - kick to Bahrain .  Uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama meant that Bahrain qualified .
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $ 100 bills .  Pay - per - view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 ( £ 67.48 ) to watch the fight .  Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 .
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 .  At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .  Today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .  Long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals .
David King , 70 , from Newham , east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .  His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres .  An unnamed 28-year - old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  Alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts .  Prosecutor says Mr King may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson - Woolley , in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .  But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .  Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body .  The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East now face the devastating task of planning her funeral .
The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. The largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000square kilometres .  Other stations for sale in Queensland include Durham Downs , Durrie , Glengyle , Morney Plains , Naryilco and Rockybank .
A researcher says a ' bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  The cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia .  Dr Cajus Diedrich says the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed .  He also says that most of the ‘ bone flutes ’ date from 200,000 to 30,000 years ago .
