Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .  Anuradha Koirala has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls .  Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground in a nearby field .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , claims she shared a ' hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry .  Says she felt ' overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .  Says alcohol gave her confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss .  Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite .
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under - par total .  Rose had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .  Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 .  The 62-year - old 's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss .  During the storms Ms Diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety .  But in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery .
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25 , 2014 .  A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .  On Saturday , hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race , fried food and live music .  The event included a kickball tournament and bounce houses .
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy .  The Chelsea forward set up the ' DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa ' He hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .  The 37-year - old scored the equaliser against Leicester on Wednesday .
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25-yard strike .  Charlie Austin doubled QPR 's lead with a header on the 35th minute .  Bobby Zamora made it 3 - 0 with an astounding lob from a narrow angle .  Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench .  Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against West Brom .  Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored for his side .
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .  There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .  The one possible exception is comedian James Corden , although he is busy working in America .
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' Cuban Kim Kardashian ' Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily .  The Miami - based Latina has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .  She says that her pictures are ' 100 percent real ' without photoshopping .
Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power cuts a week before heist .  Also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday .  But thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works .  It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot after becoming ' greedy '
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election .  He ran on an anti - corruption platform , says Peter Bergen .  The cancer of corruption has to be cut out , he says .  Bergen : For too long , Nigeria 's poor have been victims of its enormous wealth .
Former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound .  Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink .  It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .  He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30am on March 18 .  Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning .  This is the second incident at the fraternity in a week .
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has promised to give each pilot a free Bentley .  He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .  Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago .  They were launched to stop advances from Shiite Houthi rebels .  On Tuesday the Saudis said the bombing raids had been successful .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .  A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row .  The 25-year - old shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest on Wednesday .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The bout is billed as ' The Fight of the Century ' and is worth at least $ 180million .  Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will win the bout .  The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .
Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is understudy to Lukasz Fabianski .  Kolo Toure , Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their clubs .  Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent .  Everton are keen to sign England international Tom Cleverley .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .  He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  Has helped refine Mr Miliband ’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .  Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to the UK to meet Mr Miliband and offers advice by phone .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages .  The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane .  The 31-year - old has made just nine league starts this season .  Click here for Tottenham transfer news .
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .  The 30-year - old has now scored 36 goals in the league so far this season .  Lionel Messi is in contention to win the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season .
Arsenal beat Reading 1 - 0 in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .  Garath McCleary 's deflected volley gave Reading the lead .  But Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to win in extra time .  Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return .
Kendall and Baylee are non - identical , meaning they have different genes .  Their father , Curtis Martin , is half - Jamaican , while their mother is white .  Normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone .  But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .  And Kendall ’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed - race father .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ‘ The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ’  While the instance is extremely rare , it ’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon .  The phenomenon has been mentioned as far back as 1250 AD by the Dominican friar and polymath Albertus Magnus in his book De Animalibus .
Estate agents offering higher ' Cameron price ' and lower ' Miliband price ' for same property .  Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ' Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister .  Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2million to raise money for the NHS .
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light ( Sunday 4 pm ) Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line - up after serving a two - match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .  Wes Brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem .  Will Buckley ( knee ) and Emanuele Giaccherini ( ankle ) are still out .  Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday 's derby trip to Sunderland and will not play again this season .
Sofia Abramovich , 18 , is the daughter of billionaire Roman Abramovich .  She has taken to the social networking site to share snaps of her life .  But Sofia has revealed she has been bullied on the site about her weight .  She said she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid .  But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .  Manchester United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez .  Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them .  Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in Germany .  The 47-year - old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .  Bild report that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao weigh - in in Las Vegas on Friday .  For the first time in boxing history fans will be charged for admission .  The decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety , not profit .  Up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into Vegas this fight week .  Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement .
Chris Ramsey says Tony Pulis ' is one of the best coaches in Britain ' QPR face Pulis ' West Brom side at the Hawthorns on Saturday .  Ramsey 's side are 19th in the Premier League table , four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .  The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year .
The CN Tower in Toronto is the world 's third tallest tower at 1,815 ft .  Visitors can walk on its glass floor or hang over the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to a rail .  Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie .  The Grand Canyon Skywalk in Arizona is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor .
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat PSG 3 - 1 at Parc des Princes .  Luis Suarez nutmegged PSG defender David Luiz on a night to forget for the former Chelsea man .  Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva in the first half .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .  The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3 - 1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control .  Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night , threading the ball between Luiz 's legs at pace .
Plane 's landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down in Khajuraho .  Boeing 737 - 800 was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members .  Passengers were forced to exit the plane via its inflatable evacuation slides .  Jet Airways described it as ' a technical problem with the landing gear '
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband after she was bitten by a Doberman .  The 44-year - old said she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party .  She said she thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' But he failed to tell her he was secretly going out with their ' mutual friend '
Arsenal beat Burnley 1 - 0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night .  Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game .  Arsene Wenger said it would be a shame for Burnley to go down .  Burnley are currently two points from safety .  They face Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures .
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer .  The 47-year - old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .  Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .  The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , on alert .
National Union of Teachers ( NUT ) to call for ' play in the curriculum ' for five to seven - year - olds .  Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .
Carl Froch was due to fight   Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas .  The WBA super - middleweight champion was forced to withdraw with a shoulder injury .  Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172 lb on Saturday night .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 on aggregate in the Champions League quarter - final second leg on Wednesday .  Fans mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  Real could face Barcelona , Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi - finals .
