The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .  It was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  After the experiment , the cash was washed and returned to the students .  Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money .  Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless .  But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .  The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ' n * * * * * ' One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ' Apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment .  She is due back in court on May 7 .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ‘ while drunk ’ She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski ’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .  Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , ‘ heard her daughter 's screams ’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .  Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘ extreme violence ’ including
Audrey Alexander 's vegetable patch withered and died in the shade of hedge .  She asked neighbour Jeanette Robinson to trim it but she refused .  Mrs Alexander claims hedge knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house .  Stirling Council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge .  But it has to be cut to 20 ft , a height which she claims will still block most of her sunlight .
Figures from Catholic Church show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .  But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  The German has been linked with a move to the Premier League .  Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in England .  The 47-year - old has won two Bundesliga titles and the Champions League .
Paula Dunican spent £ 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when she took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' from the lining .  Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  Asda apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher .
Britt McHenry , 28 , has been suspended for a week after video emerged of her vicious tirade at a Virginia towing yard .  The sports reporter left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight on Easter Weekend .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .  But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year - old to her role .
Michael Pulman , 33 , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .  Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which are too big .
Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .  She sat out the rest of the debate .  Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the cash .  Video shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles .  Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars .  Weatherford Police Department said all of the lost money had been picked up .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme .  Programme was preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .  Mr Elfwick 's Twitter bio states that he is a ' demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist ' But he was still invited on to the programme despite never having seen the films .  Claimed the films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia '
Jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .  Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising Middle East .  Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .  Spokesman said the cull was prompted in part by the ' large number of reports ' received by online activists and members of the public .
A 12-year - old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast .  The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .  Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .
Gruesome photographs show man being led from a van in handcuffs .  He is blindfolded and forced to kneel on the floor in Hama , Syria .  An executioner , with his face covered , stands behind him with a meat cleaver .  Next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .  But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy .  The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit .  But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands .  Mystery surrounds who had re - pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised £ 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .  The pair , who live in Clapham , London , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada .  He followed it in his own vehicle , and got in position just in time .  The college student then uploaded the picture to Instagram .  It has now been viewed almost 2.9million times since it was posted .
Roy Keane delivered a ' bizarre ' team talk to his Sunderland players .  The former Aston Villa boss told them to ' just enjoy being s * * * ' Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's 1 - 1 draw with Villa that day .  Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill 's backroom staff at Aston Villa .
The four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for £ 2,200 .  TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact 's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII .  He has traced it back to 1495 , when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see the Stanley family , who had helped him to victory in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 .  The bed also features carvings of biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve .
A reserve deputy in Tulsa , Oklahoma , accidentally shot and killed a man .  Robert Bates said he meant to use his Taser but ended up firing his handgun instead .  Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body .  Bates ' attorney said his client is left - handed .
The 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards .  Bieber missed Drake 's set , which featured a surprise performance from Madonna .
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  Using a human as their base , the pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  The brief clip shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki , lying on the ground with Ace on his lap .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford .  Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .  Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match , which was also televised , was chosen for a 5.30pm start .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday .  Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh .  The Bangladeshi criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .  The ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Everything the 38-year - old knows about cooking is self - taught .  He learned by reading recipe books or watching television shows .  He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , Alex , Cameron and Charlotte .
Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year .  The juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' Real friends do n't count chromosomes '
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa .  It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments .  This is despite the fact one of the group 's most famous commanders , Abu Waheeb , is well known for wearing Western sportswear , including items made by Nike and Adidas .
The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas .  Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 .  Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .  The 35-year - old from Woolacombe in Devon is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday .  If he is successful , Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss , by 24 hours .
HBO Now is available in the US for $ 14.99 ( £ 9.90 ) a month .  It includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep , Silicon Valley and Sex in the City .  Users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix .  It will be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms .
Huma Abedin and husband Anthony Weiner enjoyed a Mexican lunch at Tortaria off Union Square in New York on Saturday .  It is just a few days after Abedin and Hillary Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle .  The pair ordered a burrito bowl and a salad but failed to pay a tip .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 .  He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final .  Now he has to break the curse of previous winners who flop out of the charts .  Series one winner Leanne Mitchell failed to rank any higher than number 45 .  Her debut single , a cover of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released .  Andrea Begley 's album , The Message , released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts , but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain .  The 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .  Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .  FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon .
The inaugural Tour de Yorkshire will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the elite event .  The former England wicketkeeper is a long - time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand .
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour .  Finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style .  The 26-year - old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps .
Alex Perry wo n't be presenting at this year 's Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia .  The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week .  This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .  Perry is now devoting his time to international enterprises , with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market .  He is also a judge on Australia 's Next Top Model .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance .  One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .  The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . '  All of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent from the audience told RTV .  Nicola Gruszka , a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way , said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue .
Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City 's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer .  City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for Sterling , who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  The champions have also monitored vice - captain Jordan Henderson .  Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for City to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United .
Charity Bite - Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole .  The loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of shark fin into the country if it is for personal consumption .  Charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as ' fish fin soup ' or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late .  The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .  The airline have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .
Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT of £ 28,000 over two years .  He and colleague Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ’ property during broadband installation .  Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ' act of mercy ' - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a £ 1,500 fine .  But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ' unlawful ' and added Starrs should have been sent to prison .
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .  There is the possibility of Paul Smith - Andre Ward , Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell ’s IBF world title fight against James DeGale , which is the biggest bout of this trio .
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of Astana .  It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .  Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated a mile in the air .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester .  Pair had travelled from Isle of Man to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford .  They were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton .  Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May. He said it was unacceptable that ' intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter - final on Wednesday .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler says players must not focus on Steven Gerrard .  Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy .  Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to commit his future to the club .
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill banning welfare recipients from using their debit cards to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography .  Psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time .  Brownback has presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program during his first term .
Richard Dysart died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness .  Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .  He was one of the few actors to appear in every episode of " L.A. Law " Dysart 's range of authority - figure parts ran right to the top .
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today .  It is located in the Murodo - daira area of Japan , which experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world .  Over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910,000 last year .  The whole 37 km route will be open until November .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four - bedroom home .
Police in Rhein Erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ' happily ' hopping through a field .  They initially assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call .  They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl .  The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .  They contacted a travelling circus who had passed through the area but they could account for all of their kangaroos .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .  Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .  Pictures posted online show the high - ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor 's palace in the city of Mukalla .
The Sewol ferry sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students .  The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions .  The process could take over a year and a half , and that it would cost the South Korean government anywhere from $ 91 million to $ 182 million .
500ft - long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow , on the White Sea .  Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .  The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on .  She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .  Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick , the internet a mystery and her 10-year - old son was a stranger .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .  But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .  New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest - serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
A business called Edward ’s Snow Den has appeared in the White House .  Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked , but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm .  Several reviews appeared underneath the listing , including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ' great source of classified information '
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons .  South Korea 's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a " cyberarmy " of 6,000 workers .  Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks .
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .  He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down .  The woman reportedly said she 'd felt depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .  She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming .
McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams .  McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his .  wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals .  A three - judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal on May 12 .
Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .  No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey , about 60 miles southwest of Seattle .  The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station .
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile .  Firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook 's site .  Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .  It is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look , expanding the number of interests people can add .
Brett Robinson , 33 , will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her    ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' However at a motion hearing , Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient .
The Nigerian - flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .  The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe , off the west coast of Africa .  Watertight doors on board the Thunder were dogged open increasing suspicion that the vessel was scuttled .  Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal .
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .  Instead , the service will focus on the ' pan - European ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .  Politicians said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree '
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  The 18-year - old Casino teenager must raise $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life - saving surgery .  After a week of campaigning online , the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go .  In nine days over $ 76,000 was raised for the teen 's surgery .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .  The 55-year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .  The tribunal will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty .
Daphne Selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories .  She has never had any surgery and shies away from botox .  Daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she once commanded £ 1,000 per day .
There 's no way to get out of Kathmandu .  Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .  There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water .  Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .
The 18-year - old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the £ 55,000-a - week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .  Lennon , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .
Manhattan - based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes , their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin ' glowing ' Clients agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ' for identification purposes ' , as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated .  The clinic has had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings .
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4 - 0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon .  Nicky Clark , Haris Vuckic and Nicky Law scored for the home side .  The win means Rangers and Hibernian remain level on 61 points .  Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager last week .
Angela Kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .  Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for the former badminton champion .  She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement .  The average woman spends £ 136.52 on five new pairs of   shoes a year .
Bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run .  Up to 300 runners continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .  It was reported that some runners were ' in tears ' while one described the event 's organisation as ' shambolic '
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  Following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . '  Like a flash the chimpanzee struck out with the long stick she had held hidden behind her body , ' the zoo said .
Zella Jackson Price , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .  But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .  Friends of Gilmore 's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .  Gilmore 's children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents .  The mother and daughter did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore 's mother .
The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to Yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran - backed Shi'ite Houthis .  The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen .  On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida .  He is accused of shooting 44-year - old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .  At the hearing on Thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .  When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder , he burst into expletives .
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her 13-year - old daughter to a corner in New Port Richey , Florida , and yelled at her to fight the girl .  Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones .  Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey .  The 36-year - old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 .  Pacquaio also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , on Prince Edward Island last August .  He was sentenced to life in prison on Monday and will not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  As he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ' You 've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double - murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance ' He was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , later received a nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration – as pledged by the Tories – would be ‘ ludicrous ’ because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .  Ukip ’s manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the limit ‘ might change every year ’
The 1954 Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £ 200,000 .  But it ended up being sold for £ 739,212 - a record for the auction house .  It was originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall .  More than 45 people placed bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet .
Jaysh Al - Islam - or Army of Islam - holds impressive military parade .  1,700 troops , fleet of tanks and special forces soldiers march in perfect unison .  Dozens of masked special units show off close - range combat skills .  Group was formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight regime .  They are reportedly funded by Saudi Arabia , which has sent millions of dollars to arm and train their fighters .
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution .  In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .  The find will help experts fill in gaps in the   evolution   of cetaceans .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .  Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3 lb and says that she found it increasingly difficult to find clothes to suit her .  Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks .  Soon she had slimmed down to the slinky size 10 .
