Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .  Anuradha Koirala has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls .  Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground in a nearby field .
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .  It was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  After the experiment , the cash was washed and returned to the students .  Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money .  Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless .  But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies .
Porto have made £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .  The majority of these deals have involved South Americans .  Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .  19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now - Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , claims she shared a ' hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry .  Says she felt ' overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .  Says alcohol gave her confidence to approach the Prince before they shared a kiss .  Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .  The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ' n * * * * * ' One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ' Apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment .  She is due back in court on May 7 .
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under - par total .  Rose had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .  Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ‘ while drunk ’ She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski ’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .  Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , ‘ heard her daughter 's screams ’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .  Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘ extreme violence ’ including
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island , New York , in October 2012 .  The 62-year - old 's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss .  During the storms Ms Diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety .  But in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery .
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam on Saturday .  The Chelsea midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam .  Jose Mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2 - 1 win .
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25 , 2014 .  A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .  On Saturday , hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race , fried food and live music .  The event included a kickball tournament and bounce houses .
Audrey Alexander 's vegetable patch withered and died in the shade of hedge .  She asked neighbour Jeanette Robinson to trim it but she refused .  Mrs Alexander claims hedge knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house .  Stirling Council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge .  But it has to be cut to 20 ft , a height which she claims will still block most of her sunlight .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon .  The 62-year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course .  She was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead .  She laughed and joked with a pal for more than an hour at the nearby Applegreen Garage before her course started .
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy .  The Chelsea forward set up the ' DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa ' He hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .  The 37-year - old scored the equaliser against Leicester on Wednesday .
Figures from Catholic Church show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .  But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25-yard strike .  Charlie Austin doubled QPR 's lead with a header on the 35th minute .  Bobby Zamora made it 3 - 0 with an astounding lob from a narrow angle .  Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench .  Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against West Brom .  Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored for his side .
Drew Miller was struck by Ottawa 's Mark Stone 's skate during the first period of Tuesday 's game between the Red Wings and the Senators .  Miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight .  The team said he will likely return Thursday against Boston .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  The German has been linked with a move to the Premier League .  Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in England .  The 47-year - old has won two Bundesliga titles and the Champions League .
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site in the past month .  These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .  Apple 's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage .  However , official figures suggest its Watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long .
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .  There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .  The one possible exception is comedian James Corden , although he is busy working in America .
Paula Dunican spent £ 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when she took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ' seeping through ' from the lining .  Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  Asda apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher .
Ronnie Carroll was due to stand as an independent in Hampstead and Kilburn .  He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself .  He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision contests , with the songs Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively .
Britt McHenry , 28 , has been suspended for a week after video emerged of her vicious tirade at a Virginia towing yard .  The sports reporter left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight on Easter Weekend .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .  But despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year - old to her role .
Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola , now three months old .  The mobile app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding .  App has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews .
Michael Pulman , 33 , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .  Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which are too big .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car .  It has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric and the front chairs can swivel round .  And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .  The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ’
Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .  She sat out the rest of the debate .  Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign .
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the cash .  Video shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles .  Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars .  Weatherford Police Department said all of the lost money had been picked up .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme .  Programme was preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .  Mr Elfwick 's Twitter bio states that he is a ' demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist ' But he was still invited on to the programme despite never having seen the films .  Claimed the films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia '
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ' Cuban Kim Kardashian ' Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily .  The Miami - based Latina has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .  She says that her pictures are ' 100 percent real ' without photoshopping .
Jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .  Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising Middle East .  Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .  Spokesman said the cull was prompted in part by the ' large number of reports ' received by online activists and members of the public .
Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power cuts a week before heist .  Also claim to have heard ' drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday .  But thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works .  It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot after becoming ' greedy '
Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of manhole .  The 36-year - old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole in Shirley , Solihull .  Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway , told them to turn off their gas supply , and called the fire service .
A 12-year - old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast .  The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .  Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .
A member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .  TH Clements & Son , which owns the field in Benington , Lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .  Tesco said its vegetables go through an ' extensive assessment and review process '
Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election .  He ran on an anti - corruption platform , says Peter Bergen .  The cancer of corruption has to be cut out , he says .  Bergen : For too long , Nigeria 's poor have been victims of its enormous wealth .
Former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound .  Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink .  It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .
Gruesome photographs show man being led from a van in handcuffs .  He is blindfolded and forced to kneel on the floor in Hama , Syria .  An executioner , with his face covered , stands behind him with a meat cleaver .  Next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .  But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy .  The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week .
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit .  But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands .  Mystery surrounds who had re - pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .  He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30am on March 18 .  Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning .  This is the second incident at the fraternity in a week .
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has promised to give each pilot a free Bentley .  He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .  Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago .  They were launched to stop advances from Shiite Houthi rebels .  On Tuesday the Saudis said the bombing raids had been successful .
Surveillance footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims .  They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .  The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line .
Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised £ 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .  The pair , who live in Clapham , London , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada .  He followed it in his own vehicle , and got in position just in time .  The college student then uploaded the picture to Instagram .  It has now been viewed almost 2.9million times since it was posted .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .  A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row .  The 25-year - old shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest on Wednesday .
Roy Keane delivered a ' bizarre ' team talk to his Sunderland players .  The former Aston Villa boss told them to ' just enjoy being s * * * ' Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's 1 - 1 draw with Villa that day .  Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill 's backroom staff at Aston Villa .
The four - poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for £ 2,200 .  TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact 's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII .  He has traced it back to 1495 , when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see the Stanley family , who had helped him to victory in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 .  The bed also features carvings of biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve .
A reserve deputy in Tulsa , Oklahoma , accidentally shot and killed a man .  Robert Bates said he meant to use his Taser but ended up firing his handgun instead .  Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body .  Bates ' attorney said his client is left - handed .
The 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards .  Bieber missed Drake 's set , which featured a surprise performance from Madonna .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .  Carter also served as president of the Football League .  Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 .  Roberto Martinez said : ' This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian '
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  Using a human as their base , the pooches stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  The brief clip shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki , lying on the ground with Ace on his lap .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , was born with cerebral palsy .  The teenager has created several dancing videos to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . '  I might do things a little bit differently than most people , but that does n't mean that I should be treated differently , ' she says .
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford .  Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .  Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match , which was also televised , was chosen for a 5.30pm start .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday .  Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh .  The Bangladeshi criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .  The ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise .
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The bout is billed as ' The Fight of the Century ' and is worth at least $ 180million .  Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will win the bout .  The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .
Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules .  But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ‘ over - interpreting ’ legislation .  Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Everything the 38-year - old knows about cooking is self - taught .  He learned by reading recipe books or watching television shows .  He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , Alex , Cameron and Charlotte .
Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is understudy to Lukasz Fabianski .  Kolo Toure , Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their clubs .  Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent .  Everton are keen to sign England international Tom Cleverley .
Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year .  The juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' Real friends do n't count chromosomes '
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .  The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out - of - state family member called in a well - being check .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .  His wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago , according to her attorney .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night .  Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal .  The 25-year - old became the highest - scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 .  Bayern players remained on the pitch for some time as they celebrated with supporters .
Domenico Rancadore , 65 , fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a ' man of honour ' He was given a seven - year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .  But today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .  To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times .
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa .  It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments .  This is despite the fact one of the group 's most famous commanders , Abu Waheeb , is well known for wearing Western sportswear , including items made by Nike and Adidas .
The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas .  Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 .  Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .  The 35-year - old from Woolacombe in Devon is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday .  If he is successful , Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss , by 24 hours .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .  He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  Has helped refine Mr Miliband ’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .  Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to the UK to meet Mr Miliband and offers advice by phone .
HBO Now is available in the US for $ 14.99 ( £ 9.90 ) a month .  It includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep , Silicon Valley and Sex in the City .  Users can also access the HBO NOW website to stream content on the web using a Mac - similar to Netflix .  It will be exclusively available through Apple for three months before moving on to other platforms .
Huma Abedin and husband Anthony Weiner enjoyed a Mexican lunch at Tortaria off Union Square in New York on Saturday .  It is just a few days after Abedin and Hillary Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle .  The pair ordered a burrito bowl and a salad but failed to pay a tip .
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .  Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for name 's declining popularity .  Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off .
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015 .  He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final .  Now he has to break the curse of previous winners who flop out of the charts .  Series one winner Leanne Mitchell failed to rank any higher than number 45 .  Her debut single , a cover of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released .  Andrea Begley 's album , The Message , released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts , but compare that to the success of most X Factor winners .
Alexandra Harra , 28 , has been dubbed ' The Romanian Kim Kardashian ' She has a BA degree in creative writing and classics .  Now lives in Miami and works as a life coach and author .  Recently dyed her hair black to look more like the reality star .  Her derriere measures 43 inches , while Kardashian 's is just 40 inches .
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain .  The 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .  Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .  FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon .
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , fears she will be next to face firing squad .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad on Bali 's ' death island ' She said : ' The men shot dead were reformed men – good men who transformed the lives of people around them '
Abby Bishop took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .  Now Zala is 20 months old and follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .  The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .  Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
The inaugural Tour de Yorkshire will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the elite event .  The former England wicketkeeper is a long - time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand .
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after ' someone ' was run down .  But the ' victim ' turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over by a car .  East of England ambulance service released list of 1,248 ' inappropriate ' calls .  Front - line crews attended half of the phoney calls , believing them to be genuine emergencies .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .  The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .  The 27-year - old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match .
The newly - opened Maison Souquet is located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre .  The 20-room hotel describes itself as a ' temple to hedonism , ' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear .  All of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .  The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ' stars '
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour .  Finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style .  The 26-year - old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job .  But he was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster .  Newcastle Crown Court heard stun gun could cause victim to ' startle and repel ' Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .  He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs .
Alex Perry wo n't be presenting at this year 's Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia .  The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week .  This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .  Perry is now devoting his time to international enterprises , with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market .  He is also a judge on Australia 's Next Top Model .
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance .  One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .  The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . '  All of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent from the audience told RTV .  Nicola Gruszka , a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way , said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue .
Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City 's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer .  City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for Sterling , who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  The champions have also monitored vice - captain Jordan Henderson .  Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for City to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United .
Charity Bite - Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole .  The loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of shark fin into the country if it is for personal consumption .  Charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as ' fish fin soup ' or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers .
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe .  The meal is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar .  It includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google+ social network .  The ruling is the result of a five - year investigation into the American search giant .  Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet .
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull .  But he fell and hit his head , fracturing his skull and suffering a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later on April 9 .  His mother Lisa Darnbrough , 49 , said : ' Phil was such a lovely lad '
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages .  The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane .  The 31-year - old has made just nine league starts this season .  Click here for Tottenham transfer news .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City ’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .  The tragic fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11 , 1985 .  Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .  The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long - range finish .  FIFA have integrated it into their Global Grassroots Youth Programmes for 2015 - 2018 while Manchester United have also tested it at their elite academy .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .  After Fallon told Christie he ' looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ;   ' If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .  Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late .  The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .  The airline have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .
Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT of £ 28,000 over two years .  He and colleague Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ’ property during broadband installation .  Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ' act of mercy ' - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a £ 1,500 fine .  But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was ' unlawful ' and added Starrs should have been sent to prison .
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .  The 30-year - old has now scored 36 goals in the league so far this season .  Lionel Messi is in contention to win the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season .
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey against MCCU Oxford .  Former England star Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is ' running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .  Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago .  Flintoff is optimistic about England 's fortunes , despite their winter woes , with or without Pietersen .
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .  There is the possibility of Paul Smith - Andre Ward , Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell ’s IBF world title fight against James DeGale , which is the biggest bout of this trio .
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of Astana .  It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .  Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated a mile in the air .
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera .  They will mix with their rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .  The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .  Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor .
Arsenal beat Reading 1 - 0 in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .  Garath McCleary 's deflected volley gave Reading the lead .  But Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to win in extra time .  Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return .
England drew 1 - 1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay .  The plane landed in Manchester for the side 's northern - based players and staff before moving on to London .  Players from Manchester United , Manchester City , Everton , Liverpool , Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Barclays Premier League this weekend .
Virginia ’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .  Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was ' concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks . '  Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said .
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers ( 56 miles ) from the Libyan port of Misrata .  An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel .  Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester .  Pair had travelled from Isle of Man to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford .  They were found dead in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton .  Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May. He said it was unacceptable that ' intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '
Kendall and Baylee are non - identical , meaning they have different genes .  Their father , Curtis Martin , is half - Jamaican , while their mother is white .  Normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone .  But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin .  And Kendall ’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed - race father .
The new ' Skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County , southwest China , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home .  The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .  Its viewing area protrudes nearly 90 ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area - which is more than 16 ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon .
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter - final on Wednesday .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler says players must not focus on Steven Gerrard .  Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy .  Fowler has also urged Raheem Sterling to commit his future to the club .
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook .  The law of service of process has evolved this way : the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person .
A finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound ( EBUS ) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .  The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube .  Findings from a three - year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient ’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .
England beat Italy 1 - 0 at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Roy Hodgson 's side have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals in France .  Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups .  Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments below .
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘ tosser ’ on Top Gear .  The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .  A BBC spokesman said : ‘ A very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events ’
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill banning welfare recipients from using their debit cards to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography .  Psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time .  Brownback has presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program during his first term .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ‘ The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ’  While the instance is extremely rare , it ’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon .  The phenomenon has been mentioned as far back as 1250 AD by the Dominican friar and polymath Albertus Magnus in his book De Animalibus .
Richard Dysart died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness .  Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .  He was one of the few actors to appear in every episode of " L.A. Law " Dysart 's range of authority - figure parts ran right to the top .
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today .  It is located in the Murodo - daira area of Japan , which experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world .  Over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910,000 last year .  The whole 37 km route will be open until November .
Louise Shepherd , 31 , from Cobham , Surrey , had taken a ' gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world .  She was hiking through a national park in north - west Bolivia with her sister and a friend when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .  Her grief - stricken parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday .
Estate agents offering higher ' Cameron price ' and lower ' Miliband price ' for same property .  Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ' Ed Miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister .  Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £ 2million to raise money for the NHS .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four - bedroom home .
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night .  The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form .  Newcastle have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .
Mick McCarthy hails the ' belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ' horrible bunch ' of players after a 1 - 1 draw at his former club Wolves .  Wolves bounced back to take a point through Benik Afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a Richard Stearman own goal had given Ipswich a first - half lead .  Town 's play - off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining .
Police in Rhein Erft , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ' happily ' hopping through a field .  They initially assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call .  They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl .  The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .  They contacted a travelling circus who had passed through the area but they could account for all of their kangaroos .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials .  Two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .  Pictures posted online show the high - ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor 's palace in the city of Mukalla .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web will be published worldwide on August 27 .  It will be the fourth installment in the Millennium crime trilogy by Stieg Larsson .  Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .  Publisher Norstedts revealed that it kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light ( Sunday 4 pm ) Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line - up after serving a two - match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .  Wes Brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem .  Will Buckley ( knee ) and Emanuele Giaccherini ( ankle ) are still out .  Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday 's derby trip to Sunderland and will not play again this season .
Sofia Abramovich , 18 , is the daughter of billionaire Roman Abramovich .  She has taken to the social networking site to share snaps of her life .  But Sofia has revealed she has been bullied on the site about her weight .  She said she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive .
The Sewol ferry sank on April 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students .  The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions .  The process could take over a year and a half , and that it would cost the South Korean government anywhere from $ 91 million to $ 182 million .
500ft - long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk , 620 miles north of Moscow , on the White Sea .  Defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid .  But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .  Manchester United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez .  Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them .  Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight .
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .  The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on .  She thought it was 1992 , John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs .  Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick , the internet a mystery and her 10-year - old son was a stranger .
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 .  But more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .  New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest - serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
A business called Edward ’s Snow Den has appeared in the White House .  Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked , but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm .  Several reviews appeared underneath the listing , including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ' great source of classified information '
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons .  South Korea 's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a " cyberarmy " of 6,000 workers .  Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks .
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time .  He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down .  The woman reportedly said she 'd felt depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend .  She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in Germany .  The 47-year - old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off .  Bild report that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over .
McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams .  McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his .  wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals .  A three - judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal on May 12 .
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt .  Ricardo Cruz said .  Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died .  The ship departed Tampa , Florida , on Sunday for a two - week cruise in the southern Caribbean .
Brady Olson , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .  No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at North Thurston High School in Lacey , about 60 miles southwest of Seattle .  The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station .
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile .  Firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook 's site .  Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .  It is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look , expanding the number of interests people can add .
Ian Brady , 77 , wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital .  He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  Brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with Myra Hindley .  The victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor .
Some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty .  The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .  Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation , there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight .
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station .  The 42-year - old threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10 pm on Sunday .  Fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240 km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .  The culprit managed to escape in the smashed - up car but would n't have got far without   working headlights , a front number plate or a front bumper bar .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao weigh - in in Las Vegas on Friday .  For the first time in boxing history fans will be charged for admission .  The decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety , not profit .  Up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into Vegas this fight week .  Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement .
Clinton was in a secret meeting with state Democratic Party officials in Council Bluffs , Iowa on Thursday .  Secret Service agents parked Clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot while she was in the meeting .  The Secret Service typically does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries .  Clinton has round - the - clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of a former U.S. president , Bill Clinton .
Brett Robinson , 33 , will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her    ' vulnerable , passive and gullible ' However at a motion hearing , Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient .
The Nigerian - flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing .  The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe , off the west coast of Africa .  Watertight doors on board the Thunder were dogged open increasing suspicion that the vessel was scuttled .  Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal .
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .  Instead , the service will focus on the ' pan - European ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed .  Politicians said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree '
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ' The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia .  Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births .
A further 11 dentists were paid between £ 400,000 and £ 500,000 .  More than 1,600 pocketed £ 100,000-£200,000 in 2012/13 .  Campaigners said the payments were ‘ scandalous ’ and ‘ unacceptable ’
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  The 18-year - old Casino teenager must raise $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life - saving surgery .  After a week of campaigning online , the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go .  In nine days over $ 76,000 was raised for the teen 's surgery .
Chris Ramsey says Tony Pulis ' is one of the best coaches in Britain ' QPR face Pulis ' West Brom side at the Hawthorns on Saturday .  Ramsey 's side are 19th in the Premier League table , four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th .  The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year .
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season .  Liverpool lost 2 - 1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .  The Reds are fifth in the Premier League table , seven points behind Manchester City in fourth .  Rodgers is expected to conduct an overhaul of his squad in the summer .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence .  The 55-year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .  The tribunal will wait to see further submissions before deciding upon a penalty .
Just under half ( 47 % ) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 % of men .  10 % of women surveyed admitted that they regretted not having more children , compared with only 6 % men .  More men than women ( 22 % ) wished they had n't worked so much , and had spent more time with their children .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network ( UKMON ) in Portadown , County Armagh .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth .
Daphne Selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories .  She has never had any surgery and shies away from botox .  Daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she once commanded £ 1,000 per day .
Fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ‘ evaluating ’ the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency .  Former US spy also acknowledged there had been a ‘ f***-up ’ when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda .
There 's no way to get out of Kathmandu .  Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .  There 's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of , no drinking water .  Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  Not because she might cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .  Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for the leaders ’ debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .  The 20-year - old scored for England in their 4 - 0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night .  Sterling 's current £ 35,000-a - week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season .  The English youngster spent seven years at QPR before moving to Liverpool in 2010 .
UEFA has ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error .  FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .  Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth - round play - off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free - kick to Bahrain .  Uzbekistan only managed a 1 - 1 draw in the replay and a 0 - 0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama meant that Bahrain qualified .
The 18-year - old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the £ 55,000-a - week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .  Lennon , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .
Manhattan - based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes , their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin ' glowing ' Clients agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ' for identification purposes ' , as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated .  The clinic has had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings .
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4 - 0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon .  Nicky Clark , Haris Vuckic and Nicky Law scored for the home side .  The win means Rangers and Hibernian remain level on 61 points .  Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager last week .
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $ 100 bills .  Pay - per - view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 ( £ 67.48 ) to watch the fight .  Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 .
Angela Kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .  Four years ago , a shopping trip was torture for the former badminton champion .  She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement .  The average woman spends £ 136.52 on five new pairs of   shoes a year .
Bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's Bournemouth Bay Run .  Up to 300 runners continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .  It was reported that some runners were ' in tears ' while one described the event 's organisation as ' shambolic '
The CN Tower in Toronto is the world 's third tallest tower at 1,815 ft .  Visitors can walk on its glass floor or hang over the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to a rail .  Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie .  The Grand Canyon Skywalk in Arizona is nearly 4,000 ft above the floor .
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat PSG 3 - 1 at Parc des Princes .  Luis Suarez nutmegged PSG defender David Luiz on a night to forget for the former Chelsea man .  Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva in the first half .
QPR are in the Premier League relegation zone with 28 points .  Chris Ramsey 's side face West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester in the final five games of the season .  Ramsey wants his side to improve their defensive concentration .  QPR lost 1 - 0 to Chelsea in their last game .
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  Following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . '  Like a flash the chimpanzee struck out with the long stick she had held hidden behind her body , ' the zoo said .
Zella Jackson Price , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .  But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .  Friends of Gilmore 's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .  Gilmore 's children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents .  The mother and daughter did a DNA test and confirmed Price was Gilmore 's mother .
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that ' Spice ' is sweeping the city , with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8 .  Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week .  The cannabinoid , also commonly called ' K2 ' or ' Mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over - the - counter as incense or potpourri .  Symptoms can range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness .
The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to Yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran - backed Shi'ite Houthis .  The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen .  On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida .  He is accused of shooting 44-year - old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .  He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday .  At the hearing on Thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .  When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder , he burst into expletives .
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her 13-year - old daughter to a corner in New Port Richey , Florida , and yelled at her to fight the girl .  Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones .  Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey .  The 36-year - old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 .  Pacquaio also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .  The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3 - 1 win over PSG in the Champions League quarter final to put the Spanish side firmly in control .  Neymar put Barca ahead before Suarez struck his first goal of the night , threading the ball between Luiz 's legs at pace .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and his son , Brendon , 39 , on Prince Edward Island last August .  He was sentenced to life in prison on Monday and will not be eligible for parole for 35 years .  As he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ' You 've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double - murder an act of ' hatred and misdirected vengeance ' He was two years old when his older sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , later received a nine - month sentence for dangerous driving .
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 .  At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .  Today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .  Long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals .
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration – as pledged by the Tories – would be ‘ ludicrous ’ because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .  Ukip ’s manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the limit ‘ might change every year ’
David King , 70 , from Newham , east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .  His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres .  An unnamed 28-year - old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  Alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts .  Prosecutor says Mr King may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables .
The 1954 Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £ 200,000 .  But it ended up being sold for £ 739,212 - a record for the auction house .  It was originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall .  More than 45 people placed bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet .
Plane 's landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down in Khajuraho .  Boeing 737 - 800 was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members .  Passengers were forced to exit the plane via its inflatable evacuation slides .  Jet Airways described it as ' a technical problem with the landing gear '
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson - Woolley , in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday .  But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding .  Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body .  The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East now face the devastating task of planning her funeral .
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband after she was bitten by a Doberman .  The 44-year - old said she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party .  She said she thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' But he failed to tell her he was secretly going out with their ' mutual friend '
Arsenal beat Burnley 1 - 0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night .  Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game .  Arsene Wenger said it would be a shame for Burnley to go down .  Burnley are currently two points from safety .  They face Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures .
Jaysh Al - Islam - or Army of Islam - holds impressive military parade .  1,700 troops , fleet of tanks and special forces soldiers march in perfect unison .  Dozens of masked special units show off close - range combat skills .  Group was formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight regime .  They are reportedly funded by Saudi Arabia , which has sent millions of dollars to arm and train their fighters .
The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. The largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000square kilometres .  Other stations for sale in Queensland include Durham Downs , Durrie , Glengyle , Morney Plains , Naryilco and Rockybank .
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer .  The 47-year - old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely .  Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .  The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , on alert .
Green party 's new election advert features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro - austerity boyband .  The video is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution .  In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .  The find will help experts fill in gaps in the   evolution   of cetaceans .
National Union of Teachers ( NUT ) to call for ' play in the curriculum ' for five to seven - year - olds .  Teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons .
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .  Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3 lb and says that she found it increasingly difficult to find clothes to suit her .  Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks .  Soon she had slimmed down to the slinky size 10 .
A researcher says a ' bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  The cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia .  Dr Cajus Diedrich says the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed .  He also says that most of the ‘ bone flutes ’ date from 200,000 to 30,000 years ago .
Carl Froch was due to fight   Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas .  The WBA super - middleweight champion was forced to withdraw with a shoulder injury .  Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172 lb on Saturday night .
UEFA have ruled that the final 18 seconds of England Women 's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .  The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .  England 's 3 - 1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2 - 2 .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1 - 0 on aggregate in the Champions League quarter - final second leg on Wednesday .  Fans mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  Real could face Barcelona , Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi - finals .
