the experiment , which involved treating the coins in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be . among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is bacillus mycoides -lrb- shown above -rrb- . it 's common in soil , so it 's likely someone was gardening before handling cash .   the students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   a mother has been arrested for referring to her african-american neighbors as ` apes ' during a dispute over a parking space .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken .
stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house -lrb- pictured -rrb- .   her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   the next moderator of the free church has claimed the church of scotland is ` literally dying ' because of falling congregation numbers .
arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .
paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .
her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .   vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced .
michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .
it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . she sat out the rest of the debate .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham -lrb- left -rrb- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates .
chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck .   the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out .   drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .
the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films .   in particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment .
cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural .   and she loves a selfie ! the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian .   and now she 's hoping for international stardom .
twitter does not publish data related to the accounts it suspends , but ndtv gadgets reported that the social network 's so-called ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by isis militants or supporters of the terror group on april 2 .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .
the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province . a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .
a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer '   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . '
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years .
an 18-year-old university of carolina freshman who was found dead after a st patrick 's day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   the death is still under investigation .
unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   the pair , who live in clapham , london , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti .
former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk .   republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane -lrb- left -rrb- looks frustrated during his country 's draw with poland .
the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .
that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   `` oh ! i shot him . i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting .
justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake 's gig .
here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .   a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   aoki also works as a dog trainer , and runs the waterloo , australia-based company positive dog care .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   he told mailonline : ` it 's all self-taught . there 's no more to it than that .
matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan .   after matt learned that his best friend had been invited to the same dance by somebody else last year , he immediately asked her if she would be his date this time around - and she gladly accepted .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .
the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike .
lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   accusing chase of lazy casting , bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed new jersey mob boss tony soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .
the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .   hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .
before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   it is just a few days after abedin and clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an iowa branch of fast food favorite chipotle .   their chipotle lunch became a media storm .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . the very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   however , dundee regained the lead in the 23rd minute when stewart 's corner was met by mcpake , who rose above jaroslaw fojut head past cierzniak from six yards .
that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   metallics .
prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   the one pro team in yorkshire on monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in england .
finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   finn 's form return comes at a good time as england 's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors .
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie .
brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract .   this summer , liverpool will also try to sign james milner from city .
the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .
the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .
wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   however , senior judge nicholas cooke qc has now said the sentence was ` unlawful ' - and added starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes .
carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week .   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over shortandy for a quarter of an hour on saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared .
