with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   real madrid superstar james rodriguez is another player off the porto production line .
justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .   rose had struggled to hit top form going into the masters but now hopes to sustain his augusta form .   rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .
gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face .   freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade .   the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators .
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .
under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . he was 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association .
thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6-1 win at the allianz arena .   thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win .
that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .   just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   the name peaked in britain roughly decade later . in 1964 , it was ranked 16th most popular .
