chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   the collision left the spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game .
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   catherine and tom nevin on their wedding day . the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead .
fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and another for ios software power systems engineer -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .   to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts .   at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   her hope is that the video not only entertains , but inspires others to think before judging .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the romanian kim kardashian .   with her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the romanian kim kardashian .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '   the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs .   when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .
the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .   situated just steps from the famed moulin rouge , this pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career .
