cesc fabregas was caught by trailing arm of stoke city ace charlie adam .   former barcelona man picked up the injury during chelsea 's home win .   midfielder adam scored wonder goal during the game but it was n't enough .   fabregas took to instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises .   click here for all the latest chelsea news .
catherine nevin was allowed out despite being jailed for life in april 2000 .   62-year-old was seen on the bus , with a pal and walking around in dublin .   sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed .   ireland 's most infamous female prisoner murdered husband tom in 1996 .
appleinsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .   these include one for an ios battery life software engineer and another for ios software power systems engineer .   apple significantly improved the battery life on its iphone 6 and 6 plus .   but it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day .
brawl at spring gardens station in philadelphia was captured on cctv .   fight involved students from nearby benjamin franklin high school .   at one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .   after the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
dayna dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .   she loves tv , film and fashion , and says she 's not happy with how people with disabilities are represented .   the teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
romanian-born alexandra harra , 28 , has become an instagram star .   model , who 's posed for playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages .   after dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to kim kardashian .
woman reported ` someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel .   another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ` bleeding '   east of england ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .
inspired by the aesthetic of the belle epoque era , the jacques garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .   a mix of arabian and napoleon iii decor , the pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear .   also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
kevin pietersen was sacked by england 14 months ago after ashes defeat .   batsman scored 170 on his county cricket return for surrey last week .   pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the england side this year .   but andrew flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career .
