chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , designed new app bump 2 breast .   came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , lola , now three months .   says her and husband david felt like ` rabbits in headlights ' at first .   also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
general motors unveiled their concept car at an event in shanghai .   chevrolet-fnr has ` dragonfly ' swing doors and ` crystal laser headlights '   it is self-driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   and using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes .
shiraz nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .   the fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .   incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident after nawaz evacuated the area .
the worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .   field owner th clements & son was alerted and the man was sacked .   passer-by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting '   tesco : vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
winchester council in hampshire claimed annual clean-up hit by new rules .   but the health and safety executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
domenico rancadore given a seven-year sentence by italian court in 1999 .   he was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .   in february the sicilian mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to italy .   today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired in october last year .
baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   the pup was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .   many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable '
david axelrod masterminded two obama presidential election victories .   he was hired by labour leader ed miliband amid great fanfare last year .   revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in uk .   labour confirms it pays mr axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
lindsay sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .   andrew chan and myuran sukumaran killed after a final kfc bucket meal .   the 58-year-old has been on death row in bali since 2012 .   she was convicted of attempting to smuggle # 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 .
abby bishop took in her two-day-old niece zala in august 2013 .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .   bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .   zala will go with her when she starts playing in the u.s. wnba in may .
ben flower returned from his six-month ban on thursday night .   wales forward made first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final .   27-year-old received a brilliant reception during 's wigan 's 30-20 victory against warrington .
paul armstrong flew to cyprus to celebrate new job as it project manager .   was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .   pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .   26-year-old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years .
two types of cereal in an easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .   served at black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   ` easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner olly taylor said .
the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy .   it could fine google more than # 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .   brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .   google boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .
phil smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .   but teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .   he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .   parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school .
john helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .   he gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .   ` from everything i have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says helm .
rory mcilroy faced with fifty shades of grey 's jamie dornan .   mcilroy and dornan took part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .   mcilroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the masters .   read : it wo n't be too long before mcilroy wins a masters .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream fallon brought out for the two to share .   when asked if he would run for president , christie said ; ` i 've got a day job which keeps me busy '
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .   in total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - mara salvatrucha .   the gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
