chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   she also admits she even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature .   tech-savvy mum chloe , who designed the new app , with baby lola , now three months .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '   chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future '   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .
father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident , thanks to mr shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway .
immediate action : th clements & son -lrb- pictured -rrb- which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted .   the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up .
sentence dropped : domenico rancadore -lrb- right and left -rrb- fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a ` man of honour '   but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .   a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .
to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times . many viewers have applauded the dog 's cleaning antics , deeming him ` cute ' and adorable ' .   baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .
now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .   but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .
as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   the wales forward in action during wigan warriors ' 30-20 victory against warrington last thursday .
armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   as such , armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .
in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .
rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   mcilroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the masters in augusta .   rory mcilroy -lrb- left -rrb- battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show -lrb- above -rrb- and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   ` you have to share , ' screamed fallon .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   the policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .
