anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 .   still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .
carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   ms diano was reunited with her cats but lost her home , and went to live in a connecticut trailer park after winning a year 's rent-free accommodation in a church raffle .
wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   ' i did it ' : chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez .
the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season .
bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute .   sent off : mulumbu .
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open .   djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating murray in the final of the miami open .
they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .
but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history . and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .   -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath .
resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .
prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .   saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   viral : the image of his selfie , and the street view shot , has now been shared almost 2.9 million times .   but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine .
only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   mcilroy was all smiles with his caddy niall horan of one direction during the par-3 contest on wednesday .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century '   mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2 .
swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .   england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   goalkeeper - gerhard tremmel -lrb- swansea -rrb- .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .   the 31-year-old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs .   adebayor -lrb- right -rrb- is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino -lrb- centre -rrb- .
the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   over in italy , the papers focus on juventus ' 3-0 coppa italia semi-final second leg win over fiorentina .
