anuradha koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .   pushpa basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .   seven other cnn heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry in vegas .   carrie reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a ** '   the 43-year-old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .   kensington palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
pair were left homeless after storms and met in connecticut trailer park .   won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after easter to mark new start .   ` because of sandy i met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner .
the life of 16-year-old maren sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on saturday by hundreds of people .   ' i do n't think there 's anything sad about this . it 's such a celebration , ' said darby hudd , a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with sanchez 's murder .
didier drogba given the barclays spirit of the game award .   the 37-year-old 's foundation has done impressive work in africa .   some of chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised # 400,000 .   click here for all the latest chelsea news .
eduardo vargas put qpr ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .   charlie austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , bobby zamora made it three .   victor anichebe pulled one back for west brom before youssouf mulumbu was sent off and joey barton scored .
tournament performances have restored andy murray to world no 3 .   but it 's wedding to kim sears that takes murray 's no 1 spot this week .   murray is due to marry fiancée sears in dunblane this coming saturday .   there are believed to be well over 100 names on down-to-earth guest list .
locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .   they also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of good friday .   group seen returning to scene on saturday - a day after initial break-in .   police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on friday .
tim stanley : muhammadu buhar won nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . he 's an ex-dictator , but there 's reason for optimism .   he says jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of boko haram . buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
bulgaria 's black sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in italy , spain and turkey .   researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket '   cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .   its most popular resort of sunny beach copies those of spain and greece .
air strikes were launched by saudi forces a month ago against rebels .   saudi forces have focused on beating back shiite houthi rebels in yemen .   prince alwaleed bin talal pledged bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .   he made pledge on wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
nasr bitar spotted google street view car driving around last autumn .   decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .   sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in mississauga .   picture of nasr 's selfie and the street view image shared 2.9 million times .
rory mcilroy bidding to win his first masters title this week at augusta .   the northern irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in georgia .   mcilroy looking for third straight major victory after winning the open and uspga championship last year .   one direction star niall horan caddied for mcilroy in wednesday 's par-3 contest .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on may 2 .   joe calzaghe believes mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden .   despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent .   read : ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight .   read : floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale .
swansea 's gerhard tremmel in goal behind the free agents ' 4-4-2 .   glen johnson , kolo toure , ron vlaar and luke garbutt at the back .   james milner , mikel arteta , tom cleverley and jonas gutierrez in midfield .   burnley 's danny ings and manchester united 's james wilson up front .
emmanuel adebayor 's current tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .   the striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5.2 million salary before accepting a move out of white hart lane .   togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 in la liga at the weekend .   cristiano ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .   real travel to rayo vallecano in a madrid derby on wednesday night .   juventus won 3-0 at fiorentina to reach the coppa italia final on tuesday .
