students from the university of surrey discovered thousands of colonies .   they submerged coins and notes in agar to accelerate growth pf bacteria .   most were harmless on the money , but one caused boils and spots .   previous studies have revealed mrsa bacteria on notes and coins .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , has been accused of harassment .   referred to her neighbors as ` n ***** ' but insists she is not racist .   one note said : ` there were no -lsb- expletive -rsb- in w.l until you came '   victim has said her family may be forced to move as they do n't feel safe .
girl was playing with friend when zbigniew huminski forced her into car .   chloe 's naked body was found in nearby woods an hour-and-a-half later .   prosecutors say there is evidence of ` strangulation and sexual violence '   polish immigrant , who was heading to england , has admitted to killing .
audrey alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .   she claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .   feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .   council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft .
figures from the catholic church show more and more becoming nuns .   the number of women taking holy vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .   but that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .   one father said a ` gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .   german boss has enjoyed success with club during seven-year stint .   he has been linked with manchester city , manchester united and arsenal .   per mertesacker says he would like to see klopp in the premier league .
paula dunican paid # 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda .   when she took it home she noticed a ` seeping ' stain on the back of coat .   she then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining .   the supermarket has apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund .
mchenry , 28 , berated single mother gina michelle for towing her car .   she insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .   espn suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .   but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week .
harley street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery .   patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives .   michael , 33 , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   andrea , 72 , pays for a facelift - but her husband ca n't tell the difference .
candidate lynne abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it 's never happened before .   while a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74-year-old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .
bundles of notes spilled onto interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .   passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road .   motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash .   police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested .
godfrey elfwick recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say .   came after claims he had never seen the star wars franchise before .   on the show he described the films as both anti-women and anti-gay .   also said that darth vader was a black man and a ` really bad racial stereotype '
cuban-born kathy ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .   bikini-loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .   miami-based party girl is hoping to become next kim kardashian .   has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .
thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week .   twitter said it had received numerous reports about terror-promoting users .   decided to suspend 10,000 accounts for making threats of violence .   suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by ` hacktavist ' collective anonymous targeting online jihadis .
ao nang princess 5 ferry was in andaman sea on way from resort of krabi .   was five miles from the coast travelling to phuket when engine exploded .   35-metre-long boat caught fire around 3.30 pm before sinking around 6pm .   passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .   no injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl .
warning : graphic content .   series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria .   man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land .   he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver .   it is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ` blasphemer '
denise and glen higgs thought they 'd never have children .   he was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried ivf .   couple from of braunton , devon , had mazy , born three years ago .   tried again using the same batch and had twins carter & carson last week .
speed camera discovered pointing at house in handsworth , birmingham .   fixed cameras switched off across the west midlands in spring of 2013 .   site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology .   obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
charles terreni , 18 , was found dead march 18 at a frat house in columbia .   terreni was a usc freshman and a member of the pi kappa alpha house .   coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning .   toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .   neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside .
paul and laura elliott met half way round at st katharine docks .   ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .   pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .   returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .   raised # 7,000 for cancer research in honour of paul 's father .
danny higginbotham covers his time under roy keane in his new book .   he played for keane 's sunderland during the 2007-08 season .   keane told his players ` basically you 're s *** ' before a game with aston villa .   he also told one player he was ` not f ****** good enough ' to play for the club .
four-poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for # 2,200 .   owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating .   historian now claims dna from the timber proves it belonged to henry vii .   ornate bed , now on display , was made for king and wife elizabeth of york .
attorney : robert bates assumed the gun was a taser because he saw a laser sight on it .   harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and taser used .   in 2009 , an officer in california also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a taser .
singer arrived at artists ' entrance to gain entry to drake 's gig .   security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .   a row erupted and a coachella staffer tried to get bieber into the gig .   but festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
border collies ace and holly were caught on camera performing a gravity-defying feat together .   the two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer dai aoki .   they have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
manchester united take on manchester city on sunday .   match will begin at 4pm local time at united 's old trafford home .   police have no objections to kick-off being so late in the afternoon .   last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at wembley in 2011 fa cup semi-final .
kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no-ball against rohit sharma in india 's world cup match with bangladesh .   the bangladeshi president alleged india had used its influence in the icc .   governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .   but kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   father-of-four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .   the award-winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette .
michigan high school students mikenzy snell and matt pliska who has down syndrome , made plans to go to their junior prom together last year .   for their prom picture , the pair held up a sign which read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes '   the sign references the fact that people with down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son saturday .   that same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden , florida .   michael shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing nike products .   ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a greek goddess .   commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in arabic .   those living under isis are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words .
lorraine bracco was asked by the sopranos creator to be carmela .   the actress turned him down because she played a mobster 's wife in martin scorsese 's goodfellas in 1990 .   convinced showrunner david chase to let her play the role of dr. jennifer melfi .
kevin carr set off on his epic journey from haytor , dartmoor in july 2013 .   he is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .   mr carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .   he is set to break the previous record held by an australian by 24 hours .
hbo is the us network behind game of thrones and the sopranos .   service is available on apple tv and ios exclusively for three months .   apple has also cut the price of apple tv system from $ 99 -lrb- # 65 -rrb- to $ 69 .
huma abedin came under fire for not tipping at chipotle in iowa .   she is hillary clinton 's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign .   on saturday , she and husband anthony weiner went for mexican lunch .   it is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing .
leanne mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .   andrea begley and jermain jackman are yet to become household names .   will 2015 winner stevie become a chart success or another voice flop ?
nadir ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper scott bain .   however , ciftci was left blushing as rivals earned impressive victory .   win gave hosts dundee their first derby win in more than a decade .   goals from greg stewart , jake mcpake and paul heffernen secured win .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 came to a close on thursday night in sydney .   stand-out shows included maticevski , romance was born , tome , steven khalil and johanna johnson .   sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends .
one pro cycling preparing to take on team sky and sir bradley wiggins .   tour de yorkshire runs over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   prior 's team and yorkshire race inspired by tour de france grand depart .
steven finn was left out of the england squad for the west indies tour .   the middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .   finn said he 's back to bowling like he was as ' a carefree 21-year-old '   his last of 23 test caps came for england back in 2013 .
australian fashion designer alex perry wo n't show at this year 's mbfwa .   the designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .   this will be the designer 's second mbfwa he has missed in two decades .   perry is now focusing on global expansion in asia and middle east .
an indiana public school performance of american pie ended in tragedy wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on-stage .   more than a dozen people were injured at the westfield high performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .   students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
manchester city have been linked with summer move for raheem sterling .   sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .   brendan rodgers says a move to city would not be step up for sterling .   indicating it will take the manchester club 20 years to eclipse liverpool .
up to one in five chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .   charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested .   loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into uk for personal consumption .
qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using heathrow .   the airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport .   they are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38,000 for every flight that 's late .   qantas blamed air congestion at heathrow and dubai airports .
christopher starrs was spared jail in an ` act of mercy ' by judge in january .   but senior judge has now said his colleague took ` his eye off the ball '   nicholas cooke qc said wheelchair-bound starrs should have been jailed .   but added starrs should thank his lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand .
if carl froch does n't fight in 2015 i 'm not sure he 'll be back at all .   a blockbuster with james degale is most likely after julio cesar chavez jnr defeat - but anthony dirrell has made contact .   scott quigg-carl frampton summer fight is dead in the water .
clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of shortandy .   the perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes .   eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on youtube .   while some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .
