( cnn ) two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .
with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club
a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show , has now written a book about the night .   ms reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the wynn hotel in august 2012 .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n * * * * * ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   one of the notes , seen by katu , read : ` apes were never meant to drive so stop . '
justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under - par for the tournament rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 '
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house .   the loving couple met after they separately moved from new york to a trailer park in connecticut , after they lost their homes .
chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game the collision left the spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment
the life of a 16-year - old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .
a row between neighbours over a 40 ft high leylandii hedge ( pictured ) has finally come to and end after 35 years the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house ( pictured )
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   black widow catherine nevin leaving mountjoy prison as she walks to get a bus .
following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year - old , who scored against leicester on wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the ivory coast and his love for football .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .
bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns charlie austin ( right ) headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute eduardo vargas ( left ) wheels away to celebrate firing qpr into the lead against west brom with a 25-yard strike
gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade bruiser : miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up , though the team said he will likely return thursday against boston
jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season arsenal vice - captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league
apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage .   fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .   these include one for an ios battery life software engineer ( pictured left ) and another for ios software power systems engineer ( pictured right )
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   there are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year - old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   a spokesman for asda apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by - election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   he died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself .
her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year - old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .   britt mchenry ( left ) has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle ( right ) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   the mum - of - one designed the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding .   the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews .
it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   but for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street , like michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self - esteem and happiness .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet - fnr car ( shown ) .   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   it has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ` dragonfly ' dual swing doors that open upwards .
it was only 10 minutes into the hour - long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   mayoral candidate nelson diaz quickly came to abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   she sat out the rest of the debate
chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted
the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti - women , anti - gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films he later confirmed he would be talking on the programme , where he said the franchise was full of social problems
cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami - based bikini - loving babe says are 100 per cent natural the 21-year - old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian the super - curvy latina is hoping to be cuba 's answer to kim kardashian and has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries
twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one - off cull of isis - affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .
the 36-year - old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   flames as high as 15 ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole
the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .   a 12-year - old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft
the worker , who can be seen in a high - vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   immediate action : th clements & son ( pictured ) which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted
( cnn ) the victory of a 72-year - old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics .   for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .   the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .
islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . '   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in march 2013
drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   the brawl , involving students from benjamin franklin high school , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation .
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '
the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta
former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i ' ve ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team - mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007 - 08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk
a four - poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .   the intricately - carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .
that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year - old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side .
the 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   not getting in : bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to watch drake 's performance on sunday
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice - president of the football association
using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap aoki runs the waterloo , australia - based dog training company positive dog care
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick - off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter - final against bangladesh .   kamal , also president of the bangladesh cricket board , criticised the umpires in the quarter - final , and questioned their partiality , over a disputed no - ball against india batsman rohit sharma .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2 mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' '
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   last night , former poet laureate sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and the highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   simon has always wanted to be a chef - when he was eight , he won the opportunity to spend a day in a hotel kitchen and featured in the local newspaper .
here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent england 's first - choice right - back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer
a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message .   matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   neighbors at the winter garden rv resort believe divorce proceedings may have pushed shemansky over the edge
thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win supporters responded to muller 's chants as they celebrated the win against porto on tuesday night muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6 - 1 win at the allianz arena
a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .   domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven - year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   but today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .
the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   images of the leaflet banning nike clothing was shared online by the activist group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who translated it from arabic .
lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr .   jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world .
ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   but speaking in the us where he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set - top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 ( # 9.90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
the 38-year - old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two - year - old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin ( left ) was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three - year - old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday it is just a few days after abedin and clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an iowa branch of fast food favorite chipotle .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   with her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the romanian kim kardashian .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   the 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile dundee no 1 bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan .   jake mcpake wheels away in celebration as helps dundee earn first derby win in over a decade
that 's a wrap - mercedes - benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood - inspired sirens ' call presentation .   bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including maticevski and michael lo sordo .
a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the australian bali nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' .   lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .
but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two - day - old niece zala .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s .   this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .
matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .   the service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day , and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help .   east on england ambulance revealed the bizarre calls as part of a list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs , saying that crew attended half of them , potentially putting lives at risk ( file image )
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   as his wigan side beat warrington 30 - 20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six - month ban .
inspired by the post - impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly - opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   located steps from the famed moulin rouge theatre , the hotel is situated in the once tawdy , but now trendy pigalle district all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents
finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run - up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets .   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '
armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage ( file picture ) paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   the 26-year - old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs at newcastle crown court ( pictured )
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   perry pulls out of presenting : acclaimed designer alex perry opts out of showing at this year 's mbfwa this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .
ahead of sunday 's fa cup semi - final against aston villa at wembley , rodgers indicated it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club to reach the status of either liverpool or manchester united .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract
the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth charity bite - back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20 kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   he created the easter feast challenge to celebrate the gluttony of easter .
brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   but the ruling - the result of a five - year investigation into the american search giant -- means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi - billion pound fines to brussels .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year - old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per - week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   adebayor ( right ) is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino ( centre ) the 31-year - old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs
what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as martin fletcher has done with his book fifty - six , the story of the bradford fire .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 without making allegations against the club 's chairman at the time stafford heginbotham , there is inference by implication in the book -- with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased heginbotham .
rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2 - 1 the 25-year - old is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child
after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   chris christie appeared on the tonight show ( above ) and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream ( above ) fallon brought out for the two to share
heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport
wheelchair - bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two - and - a - half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   blasted : judge nicholas cooke qc ( left ) blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc ( right ) for ` taking his eye off the ball ' when he sentenced christopher starrs in january this year
all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   spanish paper marca ( left ) previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five - goal haul against granada at the weekend over in italy , the papers focus on juventus ' 3 - 0 coppa italia semi - final second leg win over fiorentina
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad pietersen has not featured for england since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago
froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week there is the possibility of paul smith - andre ward in the pipeline , anthony dirrell versus badou jack for the wbc world title and andre dirrell 's ibf world title fight against james degale , which is the biggest bout of this trio .
eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .   the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra - terrestrial life .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper - violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .
steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium his team were back in the contest and they contributed to a thrilling fa cup semi - final .   but adam federici 's goalkeeping error enabled arsenal to regain the lead in extra time
england have finally arrived home from turin after their delayed flight landed at manchester airport following tuesday night 's 1 - 1 draw with italy .   the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for roy hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay .   england 's plane landed in manchester to allow their northern - based players and staff , including carrick and rooney ( left ) and gary neville ( right ) to disembark after the draw with italy in turin
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules . :   a corned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week
rome ( cnn ) the italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of sicily , the italian military said friday .   it said during the operation , rifle shots were accidentally fired , and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured .   italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa .
torin lakeman , 19 ( left ) , and brother jacques , 20 ( right ) , died in a pub in manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web ' the brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch manchester united play a game against hull at old trafford in december last year coroner alan walsh today said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs , adding he would be writing to the home secretary
father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall ( centre left ) and baylee ( centre right ) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican .   this means they have inherited different genes from their parents .
the new ` skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in yunyang county , southwest china , and those with vertigo are advised to stay at home .   the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .   its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90 ft from the cliff face at the longgang scenic area - which is more than 16 ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the grand canyon in america .
gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter - final replay with blackburn because of suspension reds legend robbie fowler , pictured with kenny dalglish , says liverpool 's players must not focus on gerrard liverpool forward raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a - week deal to stay at anfield
( cnn ) recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .   serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .   as reliable as the u.s .   mail is , regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers .
it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .   a finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound ( ebus ) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .   doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust ( pictured ) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure
england may be well on course to sealing their spot at euro 2016 but it appears as if manager roy hodgson still does not know his best xi .   sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course .   england captain wayne rooney ( centre ) looks to get a shot in at the italian goal on tuesday
a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov .   sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .   no benefits : a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government - supplied stipends at strip clubs , among a laundry list of other places partisan : kansas republican gov .   sam brownback ( center ) is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from democrats
youtube user elman511 cracked open the over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it ! '   while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .   he then cracks the smaller egg , which also has a yolk and white inside .
( the hollywood reporter ) richard dysart , the emmy - winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long - running nbc drama " l.a .   law , " has died .   for playing the founder of the firm mckenzie , brackman , chaney and kuzak , dysart was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years , finally winning the trophy in 1992 .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65 ft high walls the snowy phenomenon can be seen on the winding track of murodo in japan from april under it melts in the summer over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910,000 last year
louise shepherd had been hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north - western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm .   ms shepherd , from cobham , surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 .
estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   mr miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .   under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor ed balls , homeowners with properties worth between # 2million and # 3million will be forced to pay # 3,000 a year in mansion tax .
the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home .   mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   mr keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night .   amid accusations of the team ` playing with their flip - flops on ' , united have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .   newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league
ipswich boss mick mccarthy hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players after a determined 1 - 1 draw at his former club wolves moved town closer to securing a place in the skybet championship play - offs .   mick mccarthy 's ipswich were denied three points as rivals wolves fought back to draw 1 - 1 on saturday
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby they discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl the owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula ( aqap ) before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   rebels : yemen 's president fled to saudi arabia after houthi rebels launched an attack on his palace in the capital sana'a
the sequel to the girl with the dragon tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy the novel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .   the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best - selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson .   the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .
sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line - up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle .   head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two - match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .   newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery .
sofia , the middle child of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia abramovich - the daughter of chelsea owner roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity
the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast .   dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges .
the emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   the 500ft - long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea .
javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   javier hernandez wheels away after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final despite his heroics , real are unlikley to take up an option of making the man united star 's loan permanent
in 2008 , naomi jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life miss jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .
a prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing .   michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t .   mcgarr in 1980 .   the new evidence proved that hanline was innocent and the longest - serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november .
at least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to google maps .   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .   it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia
then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .   and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .   the 2013 attack , known as " dark seoul , " paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean .
this is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey chinese tower block .   police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .   video footage captured the moment fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in germany .   klopp has been linked with a move to the barclays premier league and this news will have arsenal and manchester city , among others , on alert .
a three - judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 .   former first lady maureen mcdonnell , left , was sentenced to a year and a day star scientific ceo jonnie williams testified under an immunity deal , admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his ` miracle cure ' anatabloc product
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt .   ricardo cruz told the associated press .   a team of fbi investigators boarded the ms ryndam after a cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder - suicide as the ship docked in san juan , puerto rico authorities will not say how the couple died
brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   the shooter is in custody at the lacey police station .   scene : a 16-year - old student walked into the commons , pictured , on monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses .
the firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook 's site .   tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .
the 77-year - old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .   brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then - girlfriend myra hindley .   the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors the extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven , standing next to giant statues at the western qing tombs and riding on boats at the summer palace .   the origin of the photos is not known .
a man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle .   the 42-year - old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station just before 10 pm on sunday .
for the first time in the annals of boxing -- as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh - in .   thousands of fans watched ricky hatton and mayweather weigh - in at the mgm grand garden arena mayweather and pacquiao will be required to weigh not more than 10st 7lbs .
secret service agents parked hillary clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot on thursday while she was in a top - secret meeting with democratic party officials clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers in council bluffs , iowa flashers : ` scooby - two ' forced an iowa motorist to leave the roadway on wednesday so it could go through a red light and rejoin the clinton motorcade
brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   defense denied : a judge ruled wednesday that attorneys for brett robinson , 33 , waited too long to file an insanity defense , ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient charged : robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at washing county jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .   the thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled .   charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa
guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the french .   invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .   but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .
doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .   the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia
britain 's five highest - earning nhs dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .   more than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .   campaigners said the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson byrnes is just under $ 4,000 away from achieving his $ 80,000 target a teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery
chris ramsey praised tony pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with west brom in the premier league ramsey claims pulis ` is one of the best coaches in britain , ' but says that he wo n't be asking for his advice
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season steven gerrard ( left ) trains alongside jordan henderson , who signed a new liverpool contract on thursday adam lallana ( left ) was back in training for liverpool as they prepare to take on west brom
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .   this week the 55-year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal .   hakaoro took $ 3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
according to specialist travel agency planet cruise , women regret their career choices more so than men .   just under half ( 47 per cent ) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 per cent of men .   more alarming is the fact that nearly half of women ( 47 per cent ) surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network ( ukmon ) in portadown , county armagh .   footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .   ukmon said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between mars and jupiter , would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
86-year - old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22 the shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .   daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & other stories collection alongside the customised shoes
traitor edward snowden has revealed he did not read all the top - secret intelligence documents he leaked -- a move which put lives at risk from terrorists .   in a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from gchq and the us national security agency .   the former us spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f * * * - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda .
military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid .   you can see some structural damage to buildings .   temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .   while in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes -- today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer the 20-year - old scored for england in their 4 - 0 win over lithuania at wembley last friday night sterling 's current # 35,000-a - week deal at liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute final 18 seconds of england match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment ... and gave indirect free - kick instead .
a young waitress has claimed that england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub .   the 18-year - old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a - week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   the 28-year - old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .
manhattan - based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long - term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   risky regimen : to get skin laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner
rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4 - 0 win over raith rovers .   hibs had secured a win over hearts in the edinburgh derby in the earlier kick - off and the light blues knew they had to respond .   they bounced back from thursday 's defeat by queen of the south , with nicky clark and haris vuckic claiming a goal apiece and nicky law grabbing a double .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills .   floyd mayweather ( left ) vs manny pacquiao in the official advert for their mega - fight on may 2 andre ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on june 20
angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s .   suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built - in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .   some women need invasive knee replacement surgery .
the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .   blunder : charity runners taking part in yesterday 's bournemouth bay 10k run ( pictured ) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two - mile detour
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system toronto 's cn tower is one of canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .   visitors must hike more than two miles to access the site , which has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers .
luis suarez torments a less - than - fit david luiz on a night to forget at parc des princes for the brazilian suarez celebrates as he scores a double in barcelona 's 3 - 1 win over psg on wednesday night familiar faces went head - to - head as ex - chelsea defender luiz met ex - liverpool star suarez - keanu reeves ' neo from the matrix films had the words - in french no less - to say it all
chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status .   ramsey 's side face west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester to close the season ramsey ( right ) wants qpr to improve their defensive concentration in order to stay in the premier league
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .   following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .
but gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .   zella jackson price ( pictured ) , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .   melanie diane gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years .
now new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .   over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week .   dangerous : the cannabinoid , also commonly called ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over the counter as incense or potpourri
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran - backed shi'ite houthis .   the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .   the icrc is aiming to get 48 tonnes of medical supplies into yemen by plane .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
he is accused of shooting 44-year - old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .   kicked out : kenneth stancil is removed from a wayne county courtroom in goldsboro , north carolina on thursday after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother
arrest : tabitha bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said .
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey ahead of his bout vs floyd mayweather the 36-year - old also posted a photo thanking nba legend karl malone ( centre left ) for visiting him at the gym pacquiao 's trainer , freddie roach , believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint - germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   the barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3 - 1 win over psg in the champions league quarter final to put the spanish side firmly in control in the tie .   suarez says his the tie is not over despite the two goal lead
alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august .   as he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ` you ' ve sentenced me to life and i sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double - murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .   vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .   but as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .   the worst affected is the suisun bay reserve fleet , where less than 50 ships remain .
but at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .   ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   the conservatives accused mr farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' -- but mr farage has denied his party has made any u - turns on immigration
expat : detectives are investigating the killing of david king ( pictured ) , a 70-year - old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south - west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year - old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   now prosecutor carole etienne has said that mr king , a keen gardener , may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables .
the 1954 bentley r - type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years but when it is ready , it could be worth more than # 1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer .
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737 - 800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   in statements posted on twitter , jet airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson - woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday .   friends and family of murdered stephanie scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day , but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder mystery disappearance : ms scott 's car was found by police on thursday , 7 km outside of the town of griffith
justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   mrs miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1 - 0 victory at turf moor .   they have played seven teams at the top of the table in their last eight games .
a militant group which opposes both isis and the syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   these men form a small part of jaysh al - islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   powerful : the group , who are allegedly being funded by saudi arabia , show of a fleet of armoured tanks ( pictured ) during the graduation ceremony for its recruits
the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. .   the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer .   the 47-year - old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .   klopp and dortmund chief executive hans - joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club .
now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro - austerity boyband .   the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .
now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   the find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills they want the uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons the motion calls on the nut to support play for five to seven - year - olds ` to reflect the needs of the children '
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3 lb .   kim callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight before her weight loss kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10
the research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals .   a researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   anthropologists at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .
wba super - middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr . (   right ) in las vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury froch is still keen to fight in las vegas and would be open to travelling to america to fight chavez
uefa have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of england women 's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .   the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute
real madrid defender raphael varane captured the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu on wednesday fans greeted the team coach as real arrived for their champions league second leg with atletico madrid javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute against atletico to win the tie
