with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by - election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   he died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself .
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice - president of the football association
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .
( cnn ) recently , a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook .   serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law premised on one guiding principle : if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .   as reliable as the u.s .   mail is , regular mail is not a reliable form of serving papers .
england may be well on course to sealing their spot at euro 2016 but it appears as if manager roy hodgson still does not know his best xi .   sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line - ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course .   england captain wayne rooney ( centre ) looks to get a shot in at the italian goal on tuesday
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night .   amid accusations of the team ` playing with their flip - flops on ' , united have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .   newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against liverpool on monday in the premier league
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt .   ricardo cruz told the associated press .   a team of fbi investigators boarded the ms ryndam after a cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder - suicide as the ship docked in san juan , puerto rico authorities will not say how the couple died
the 77-year - old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .   brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then - girlfriend myra hindley .   the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .
now the green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring david cameron , nick clegg , ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro - austerity boyband .   the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration .
uefa have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of england women 's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake .   the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2 - 1 down .   referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute
