general motors unveiled their concept car at an event in shanghai .   chevrolet - fnr has ` dragonfly ' swing doors and ` crystal laser headlights ' .   it is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   and using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes .
shiraz nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .   the fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .   incredibly no - one was hurt in the incident after nawaz evacuated the area .
the worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .   field owner th clements & son was alerted and the man was sacked .   passer - by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting ' .   tesco : vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
winchester council in hampshire claimed annual clean - up hit by new rules .   but the health and safety executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son saturday .   that same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden , florida .   michael shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
domenico rancadore given a seven - year sentence by italian court in 1999 .   he was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .   in february the sicilian mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to italy .   today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired in october last year .
baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   the pup was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .   many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable ' .
lindsay sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .   andrew chan and myuran sukumaran killed after a final kfc bucket meal .   the 58-year - old has been on death row in bali since 2012 .   she was convicted of attempting to smuggle # 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 .
abby bishop took in her two - day - old niece zala in august 2013 .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .   bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .   zala will go with her when she starts playing in the u.s .   wnba in may .
ben flower returned from his six - month ban on thursday night .   wales forward made first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final .   27-year - old received a brilliant reception during 's wigan 's 30 - 20 victory against warrington .
paul armstrong flew to cyprus to celebrate new job as it project manager .   was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .   pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .   26-year - old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years .
two types of cereal in an easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .   served at black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   ` easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner olly taylor said .
the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy .   it could fine google more than # 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .   brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .   google boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .
phil smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .   but teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .   he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .   parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school .
john helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .   he gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .   ` from everything i have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says helm .
rory mcilroy faced with fifty shades of grey 's jamie dornan .   mcilroy and dornan took part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .   mcilroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the masters .   read : it wo n't be too long before mcilroy wins a masters .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream fallon brought out for the two to share .   when asked if he would run for president , christie said ; ` i ' ve got a day job which keeps me busy ' .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .   in total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - mara salvatrucha .   the gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it online .   ` poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ` food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said .   the school nutrition association does n't think michelle obama 's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
italian navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers .   boat was being steered towards libyan port of misrata .   italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injured .
when tumours in lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests .   some even need surgery to find out before lifesaving treatment can begin .   now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner after single procedure .   it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
the bbc has made light of clarkson fracas in a comedy programme .   it shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word ` tosser ' .   the episode was filmed last july , but the narration has been tweaked .
the girl in the spider 's web is fourth installment in stieg larsson 's series .   written and translated on computers with no web connection to avoid leaks .   plot kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a u.s .   spy agency .
black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the chinese capital 's landmarks devoid of tourists .   pictures were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of china .   locals and foreigners pose at the temple of heaven , western qing tombs and summer palace .   quiet scenes are a far cry from modern - day beijing , one of the most populous cities in the world .
man threw a wheel spanner at security night patrol car in harts range , northern territory .   he then deliberately drove his car through doors of a police station .   the 42 year old man managed to drive away in the damaged car .   car had no front number plate , front bumper bar or working headlights .   vehicle may still have rear number plate which is sa - registered s145 avi .   station is located 240 km northeast of alice springs in northern territory .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group .   professors of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image is dangerous .   the professor said it represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment .   world health organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
highest - earning nhs dentists earn almost five times more than prime minister 's # 142,500 pay packet .   a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 a year .   lay bare huge amounts of taxpayer money paid to dentists for nhs work .   campaigners branded the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
fireball captured on camera by the uk meteor observing network .   it says that it came from an asteroid orbiting between mars and jupiter .   the meteor burned up at the relatively low altitude of 21 miles .   there were dozens of sightings of the event , from england to ireland .
sturgeon has shed pounds , bleached her hair and mixed up her outfits .   made the male leaders ' dark suits seem as old as their arguments in debate .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women 's u19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed .   referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing an england penalty for encroachment .   fifa did something similar during a 2006 world cup qualifier .   but the entire match between uzbekistan and bahrain was replayed .   uefa must hope it does n't affect one of their premiere tournaments .
floyd mayweather will have $ 25,000 mouthguard for manny pacquiao bout .   the mouthguard to contain diamonds , gold and $ 100 dollar bills .   he also spent $ 300,000 on mercedes ` land yacht ' people carrier .   carl foch unlikely to meet andre ward or julio cesar chavez jnr .   click here for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 .   the fleet can be activated within one to four months to aid in national defense and emergencies .   at its height in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in april last year .
david king , 70 , from east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .   body found by sniffer dogs and a man has been charged with murder .   alleged killer was living rough and is ` behind number of thefts in area ' .   gardener mr king may have confronted him over stolen vegetables .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley this saturday .   she vanished on sunday while brimming with excitement about wedding .   police have charged man , 24 , with her murder despite not finding her body .   family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia .   it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock .   s.kidman and co. are selling another 10 cattle farms across australia .   in total , they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .
researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument .   instead he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   he claims all such instruments were made by hyenas , not neanderthals .   and the bones do not even originate from neanderthal times .
