It might look like something plucked straight from the future, but Chevrolet’s latest innovation is actually their vision of tomorrow’s self-driving electric vehicle. Called the Chevrolet-FNR, it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features. The car is only a concept for now, but offers a glimpse and what some manufacturers are planning for the upcoming self-driving car era. General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car (shown). It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week. It was developed in Shanghai by GM’s Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre (PATAC) joint venture. Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future.’ The ‘aim was to create a unique, intelligent vehicle for tomorrow’s younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology,’ said GM. It has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ‘dragonfly’ dual swing doors that open upwards. The car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system. Sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby for self-driving mode, and you can even turn on the car with your eyes, thanks to its iris recognition start. The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round (shown). And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes . The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week (shown) Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future' The ‘aim was to create a unique, intelligent vehicle for tomorrow’s younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology,’ said the company . While in self-driving mode, the front seats of the vehicle swivel 180 degrees to face the rear seats, so the driver can talk to their passengers. Using a gesture control feature, though, the driver can switch to manual control mode whenever they want. Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept, so there is no release date or planned production date yet. ‘The FNR concept reaffirms Chevrolet’s commitment to offer electric vehicles that meet customer’s lifestyles and are within their reach,’ said Alan Batey, head of global Chevrolet. At the event Chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its Malibu range, the Bolt EV Concept vehicle and the 2015 Captiva. Self-driving cars may be a way to take your eyes off the road and relax a little, but they can also increase travel sickness, research has found. The research was carried out by Michael Sivak and Brandon Schoettle from the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute. They asked more than 3,200 adults across the US, India, China, Japan, Great Britain and Australia what kinds of activities they would do instead of driving in a fully self-driving vehicle. More than a third of Americans said they would do things that increase the likelihood and severity of motion sickness, including reading, texting, watching movies or television, playing games or working. More than half of Indians, 40 per cent of Chinese and up to 30 per cent of adults in Japan, Great Britain and Australia said they would also engage in these kinds of activities. The figures suggest that once autonomous vehicles become more mainstream as many as 12 per cent of people will feel ill in the vehicles at some point during a journey. The car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system . Sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby while in self-driving mode . Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept, so there is no release date or planned production date yet . At the event Chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its Malibu range (shown), the Bolt EV Concept vehicle and the 2015 Captiva .
This is the incredible moment a man narrowly missed being burnt alive by a massive fireball which erupted from the pavement. Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands. The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him. Flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the West Midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it . Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole . As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole. The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway. Further bursts of flame and thick black plumes of smoke were to follow. Despite his shock,  the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident. 'Had it literally been a few seconds earlier I would have been walking right over it,' said a shaken Mr Shiraz. Mr Nawaz said he had been walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him and noticed the blackened cover . As he watched on in shock, thick black smoke began to escape from the manhole in the busy street in Shirley, Solihull . 'I'm so lucky I didn't get burned.  I think I used up one of my lives right there. 'I've never seen anything like it, and I have been in the building trade.' Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident, thanks to Mr Shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway. The former gas engineer told the staff to turn off the gas supply and also rang the fire service after the incident in the busy Stratford Road, Shirley, Solihull. Firefighters extinguished the blaze, which they said was caused by a fire in an underground link box - which distributes electricity - below the manhole. Neighbouring properties had to be evacuated and many others lost power for several hours as crews tackled the electrical fire which was thought to have started accidentally. Shiraz, who now fits kitchens and bathrooms, said: 'To think that I had just walked over that. 'The flames kept shooting up - maybe five or six times. The smoke was followed by a quick blast of flame which shot out of the manhole on the pedestrian walkway . Flames shot up to a startling 15-foot high and could be reaching the top of the nearby shop and take away fronts . 'I'm a building contractor so I knew that when I heard the noises it was something to do with electrics. It was like a buzzing. 'I knew what it was but I didn't expect flames to come shooting out straight away or anything like that. Shiraz was walking from his home to the Dixie Chicken shop around the corner from his home when he saw the flames at around 7pm on Monday. 'I got my phone out because I heard the actual noise and I think I saw a flash,' he said. 'I think I managed to get it on film just as the first real flames came up. 'It looked like it was coming from a manhole cover. It was quite shocking. 'I told the guys in the shop to switch off the gas and get everyone out. I told them to stop any unassuming person from walking down the road while I stayed on the other side. Flames were followed by more plumes of dark smoke continued to billow up out of the charred ground reaching several feet high . Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway, told them to turn off their gas supply, and called the fire service . 'The guy in the shop grabbed me a couple of burgers after everything, so I guess it had a happy ending.' A spokesman for West Midlands Fire Service said: 'We had a number of calls about about it - probably five or six, maybe a couple more. 'It involved a fire in an underground electrical link box. The electrical supply was isolated by Western Power. 'Power was isolated to surrounding homes and premises for four hours. 'Three people were evacuated from one of the properties. 'We used a CO2 extinguisher and a hose real with foam, because it was an electrical fire. It was accidental.' Western Power Distribution workers were later seen repairing the man hole cover in Shirley, Solihull . The area had been evacuated and blocked off as Western Power Distribution employees worked to fix the underground link box . Incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident and quick-thinking Shiraz managed to grab his phone in time to take a film of the astonishing flames .
A food supplier for supermarket giant Tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables. A disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet. The worker, who can be seen in a high-vis jacket, casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away. Caught on camera: The farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington, Lincolnshire. A member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner TH Clements & Son . TH Clements & Son, which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect. The passer-by who saw the man yesterday, who does not wish to be named, said: 'It was disgusting. It wants stopping. 'We name and shame people for dropping litter in the streets. We should do the same with this idiot.' A spokesman for food producers TH Clements said: 'We terminated the services of the individual worker as he failed to follow company procedures which request that all workers use the toilets provided. 'Despite the fact that a toilet was less than 18 metres away from him, he decided to urinate in the field rather than use the toilet. Immediate action: TH Clements & Son (pictured) which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted . 'Highest quality': Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process' before they reach supermarket shelves . 'Although he did not urinate on the crops, this does not excuse him from his actions. 'All our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they are distributed, including trimming and two quality assessment panels. 'The incident took place in an unplanted area of one of our fields and the worker in question has had his contract terminated as a result of this incident. 'On top of their usual training, all our field staff are currently undergoing a refresher induction.' TH Clements also said there was absolutely no health issues arising from the incident. The spokesman added: 'Urine is virtually sterile when it leaves the human body, it does not carry any bacteria, it has been used by avid growers for personal use for years as it is very high in Nitrogen. 'Urine is considered safe for individual use.' The team has more than 150 years combined experience in the Brassica industry. It grows vegetables in Benington which are supplied to several businesses including Tesco. A Tesco spokesman said: 'We work closely with our suppliers to make sure all the products we sell are of the highest quality. 'All our vegetables go through an extensive assessment and review process before they reach our shelves. 'We are working with our supplier to make sure all the right processes are in place for the future.'
CPRE president Sir Andrew Motion, who is demanding a national clean-up . Council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting Britain. Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation. Last night, former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion, now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England, accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish. He said: ‘Every day, people tell us that they are disgusted, angry and ashamed of the state of England’s roads. ‘Nobody wants to drive through our beautiful countryside or approach a vibrant city, heralded only by discarded rubbish.’ Although laws to fine people who throw litter from vehicles were now in place, their implementation had been delayed by ‘shameful time-wasting’, Sir Andrew said. ‘Without funding to tackle the problem, I fear our roads will become corridors of waste,’ he added. Highways England – the Government-owned company launched last week to replace the Highways Agency – is required to keep the motorway network clean, but responsibility for clearing A-roads and trunk routes is divided between the agency and councils. Scroll down for video . Peter Silverman, of pressure group Clean Highways, said: ‘Of course safety is paramount but councils are always looking for excuses and this is just the latest. They are shutting their eyes to the problem of litter.’ Roadside litter has become a problem almost everywhere in the UK. Disgrace: Winchester Council chiefs claimed it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter. Pictured: rubbish beside Crookilley Way, Stockport . Andrew Gwynne, who is standing for re-election as Labour MP in Denton and Reddish in Greater Manchester, said: ‘The Highways Agency is atrocious when it comes to removing rubbish. The worst case I’ve come across is Crookilley Way in Stockport, which is littered with plastic bags and bottles.’ A Highways England spokesman said: ‘Although we spend at least £6 million a year collecting more than 150,000 sacks of litter from England’s motorways, we still find the level of litter unacceptable. We will continue to investigate what more can be done.’ Winchester Council insisted that the HSE had ‘clarified’ last June that litter-picking was covered by the same code of practice that governs employees involved in highway maintenance – requiring a wider separation than was previously the case between workers and passing traffic.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother . A Florida man wanted as a suspect in the murder of his own mother has been on the run from police since Saturday. Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden. The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check. WKMG reports that an initial investigation determined there was foul play. 'My biggest concern is that he might come back,' said neighbor Natalie Randall, a resident of the Winter Garden RV Resort. An attorney for his estranged wife confirmed Shemansky's failure to appear for the scheduled visit. He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide. His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce. His wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago, according to her attorney, Diana Knowles Dunlop. Neighbors said his mother may have been the one preventing him from making the meeting with his son. Neighbors at the Winter Garden RV Resort believe divorce proceedings may have pushed Shemansky over the edge . 'His mom wouldn't allow him to go,' Nathan Tanner told reporters. 'She said because she didn't want him to have no more trouble through the courts.' Tanner added the stress of the divorce proceedings may have pushed him over the edge. 'And he got some paperwork Friday that was, I guess, bad news and I guess that triggered him,' Tanner told WFTV. Authorities have the murder weapon, still not publicly identified, but will not yet confirm how Sandra Shemansky was killed, according to information given to local press by Police Lt. Scott Allen. He allegedly was seen going into the trailer park's office and asking for a glass of water shortly after the murder. Shemansky was last seen fleeing on foot without any sort of provisions and no medication. His estranged wife is reportedly preparing to protect himself on the chance he arrives at her home. Anyone with information as to his whereabouts is urged to contact authorities at 407-656-3636.
A Sicilian Mafia fugitive dubbed the Godfather of Uxbridge who was set to be extradited to Italy will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence was dropped. Domenico Rancadore, who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years, was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra. In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence. But today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn. Sentence dropped: Domenico Rancadore (right and left) fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a 'man of honour' Although his conviction remains intact, Italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed. The case will still have to be heard by the Italian Supreme Court, according to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). Rancadore's solicitor, Karen Todner said: 'Yesterday the Italian Court of Appeal agreed to extinguish the conviction of Domenico Rancadore on the basis that the conviction is too old to sustain a prison sentence. 'I am therefore confident that the Italian government will now withdraw their application for a European Arrest Warrant and that Mr Rancadore will be discharged from these proceedings. 'There has been a long and unhappy history of these proceedings and I am delighted Mr Rancadore will now be able to live in peace in England with his wife and family.' Ms Todner said she was waiting for the CPS to sign a consent order so that the court could discharge Rancadore. Once the paperwork is in order, the matter will be listed at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London and a judge will then have to approve it. The Italian mobster does not have to be present when the matter is dealt with in court. Domenico Rancadore, pictured with hiswife Ann last year, will be allowed to remain in the UK after his sentence dropped . Rancadore was first arrested on a European arrest warrant at his semi-detached London home in August 2013. Although he was never convicted of murder, the Italian authorities wanted him to be returned to the country after he fled in 1995. Known as the Professor, Rancadore was tried in absentia and handed a seven-year prison term for his 'Mafia association'. He was convicted for his role as a 'man of honour', taking bribes from builders in Palermo. During protracted extradition proceedings at Westminster Magistrates' Court, District Judge Howard Riddle reversed his initial decision over concerns that Italian prison conditions would breach his human rights because he has a serious heart condition. In his judgment, Judge Riddle said: 'I am satisfied that, even without the assurance, there is no real risk that by returning this defendant to Italy he will suffer inhuman or degrading treatment.' Before his arrest in 2013, the Mafia don spent two decades living under the name of Marc Skinner with his family in a house surrounded by a fence and large hedge, obscured from view. He claimed he had changed his name to escape the notoriety associated with his father, Giuseppe. Rancadore's father was imprisoned in 1987 as part of the maxi trial which saw 475 Mafiosi indicted. Before his arrest in 2013, Rancadore spent two decades living under the name of Marc Skinner with his family in a house in Uxbridge . There was an angry reaction from legal experts to the amount of time and money that had gone into Rancadore's case. Extradition expert Edward Grange tweeted: 'What a waste of time and money. After two sets of proceedings, Italy no longer seeks extradition of Rancadore.' Mr Grange, who is vice-chair of the Extradition Lawyers' Association, said: 'The purpose of the extradition request was for Rancadore to be returned in order to serve a sentence of imprisonment. 'It transpires that as of October last year the Italians could not actually legally enforce that sentence. 'So certainly from October onwards you would have thought that there would have been some communication from the Italian authorities saying: "Hang on, we may have a problem here and we may not be able to continue with the extradition request". 'Courts proceed on the basis of mutual trust and recognition, that is what we are told throughout in relation to the extradition and European arrest warrant scheme. 'It is something that is designed to be swift and quick and courts are supposed to trust what courts in the requesting state are saying. 'Had the Italians said in October we cannot legally enforce this sentence and we therefore have to withdraw the European arrest warrant, I'm sure our court would have encouraged them to do so as quickly as possible.' Domenico Rancadore, who has lived in Britain for more than 20 years, was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra . Asked about the costs of this kind of extradition process, Mr Grange said they were likely to be in the 'single-figure thousands rather than anything dramatic'. Barrister Philip Marshall QC said: 'Yet more incompetence by the CPS in the Rancadore case (allegedly): his seven-year prison sentence expired in October 2014.' There was no answer when reporters knocked on the door of Rancadore's home in Manor Way, Uxbridge, London today. Curtains were closed in all of the windows of the semi-detached house and a Mercedes car was parked on the driveway. One neighbour claimed she was pleased it appeared he was not being extradited because 'you never know who will move in'. She went on: 'He seems a nice chap and it happened a long time ago.' The neighbour said she last saw Rancadore around two weeks ago and he appeared to be suffering from ill-health. A court sketch of  Domenico Rancadore. Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn . Sharon Walker, who also lives nearby, said: 'They were a normal couple before and I'm sure they will go back to being a normal couple. 'They are very quiet. I would not have said they are the most notorious couple in the street. Also known as Cosa Nostra, which translates as 'Our Thing', the Mafia emerged in Sicily in the mid 19th century and is best described as a loose association of criminal groups sharing a common organisational structure and code of conduct. Groups, often known as families or clans, will claim leadership of an area, usually a town or village, and operate rackets within it, using violence to punish those causing problems to their 'clients' - who may well have been coerced into buying protection. Most of the clans are led by a 'boss' (capofamiglia or rappresentante), who is aided by an underboss (capo bastone or sotto capo) and supervised by one or more advisers (consigliere). Only men are allowed to join the clans, and candidates are not allowed to have any links to lawmen such as police officers or judges. It has been estimated that the Sicilian Mafia costs the region's economy more than €10 billion a year, and that roughly 70 per cent of Sicilian businesses pay some sort of protection money. Politicians have also been accused of using the Mafia to buy votes during elections. The American Mafia arose from offshoots of the Cosa Nostra that emerged in the United States during the late nineteenth century, following waves of emigration from Italy. 'He's very quiet. He always has been, even before it all blew up. They are a very quiet family.' Federico Bianchi, head of press at the Italian Embassy, said: 'When, in March 2014, the District Judge denied the extradition of Mr Rancadore to Italy, the Crown Prosecution Service failed to appeal against his decision in the prescribed terms, for which they issued a formal excuse. 'That is key to the release of Mr Rancadore because that loss of time, which obliged Italy to start the procedures afresh, issuing a new European Arrest Warrant, because that year that was lost gave the possibility for the sentence to expire. 'It gave the possibility to Mr Rancadore's lawyers, who are clever and know the penal code very well, to file an application for the sentence to be declared expired.' Mr Bianchi also denied that the hearing in February had been 'useless' because the sentence had not automatically expired until it was confirmed as such by a court in Palermo on March 25. A CPS spokesman said: 'The Italian Ministry of Justice has confirmed that the decision by the Court of Appeal in Palermo is appealable to the Italian Supreme Court. 'It is inaccurate to suggest that a delay due to administrative errors has had a significant bearing on today's outcome. 'Until the European arrest warrant was officially withdrawn today, the CPS acted on behalf of the Italian authorities in these extradition proceedings and had received no instructions to the contrary.' The CPS admitted it had made a mistake by failing to serve appeal papers to Rancadore's lawyers on time in March last year. At the time, Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders acknowledged that, as a result of the error, it was possible Rancadore would never be extradited to Italy.
This helpful dog doesn't mind getting his paws dirty with a spot of housework. Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink, before  loading them into the dishwasher. Once he's put an item in the machine, Baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner. He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load. Baron was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school. Other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout. He performs a range of moves, including aerobic step exercises and lunges. To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times. Many viewers have applauded the dog's cleaning antics, deeming him 'cute' and adorable'. Clever boy: Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . As his owner stands by the sink, the pup reaches up to grab pots and pans between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher. Step and repeat: Once he's put an item in the machine, Baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed . Hard at work: He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .
A British grandmother on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the Australian Bali Nine duo as 'senseless and brutal'. Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'. Australians Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed  along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad. Scroll down for videos . Lindsay Sandiford, pictured, believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . One of ambulances carrying the bodies of Australian death-row prisoners Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran arrives at a funeral home in Jakarta, Indonesia . An ambulance carrying the coffin of one of eight executed drug convicts seen as it exits Nusakambangan port . Ambulances with the bodies of the eight men executed by Indonesia overnight, including Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, were pictured arriving at Cilacap port from the prison island . The grandmother told a friend she was 'utterly heartbroken' at the news about Chan, who she had befriended in Bali's squalid Kerobokan prison. The Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions  after a final KFC bucket meal. She said: 'The men shot dead were reformed men – good men who transformed the lives of people around them. Their senseless, brutal deaths leave the world a poorer place.If they kill someone as good as Andrew, what hope is there for me? 'I just want to get it over with. I feel like just giving up.' Andrew Chan (right), who befriended Sandiford in prison, and Myuran Sukumaran (left) were killed by firing squad . At Cilacap port, anti-death penalty protesters began playing 'Hallelujah' just prior to news of the deaths . A group of Christians pray and hold a candlelight vigil to protest against the death penalty at Nusakambangan port . Sandiford says Chan – who was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot – helped her cope in jail after she was given her death penalty two years ago. She said: 'I really admire Andrew. He's been an incredible help to me and he would be there for anyone who genuinely needed help inside the prison. 'The heart of the prison has gone since they left. They organised rehabilitation projects. If it wasn't for them, we wouldn't have running water on the blocks, or the classes in painting, cookery and computers. I would like to send my deepest condolences to their families and loved ones. 'Many things have been said about whether Andrew and Myuran deserved to die for their crimes. I didn’t know those men at the time they committed those crimes 10 years ago. What I can say is that the Andrew and Myuran I knew were men who did good and touched the lives of a great many people, including myself.' Chan – who turned to Christianity and was ordained in prison earlier this year – told Sandiford shortly before his transfer to Execution Island that he was reconciled to his fate. He said: 'I'm not afraid to die but I am afraid of dying. I'm scared of the bullets and I'm scared it won't be a quick death.' The Australian pair were killed by a firing squad on Bali's 'death island', Nusa Kambangan . Sandiford has been languishing on death row in Bali since being convicted of attempting to smuggle £1.6million of cocaine through the island's airport in 2012. She maintains she was forced to transport the drugs to protect her children, whose safety was at stake. The British government refused a request to pay Sandiford's legal fees for her appeal. The British grandmother said she 'really admired Andrew', who was executed  by the firing squad . Reformed drug smugglers Andrew Chan (left) and Myuran Sukumaran (right) were put to death . Earlier ambulances carrying the corpses of Chan and Sukumaran arrived from the 'death island' where they were shot dead. The families of Chan and Sukumaran released a statement following the executions. 'Today we lost Myuran and Andrew. Our sons, our brothers,' they said. 'In the ten years since they were arrested, they did all they could to make amends, helping many others. They asked for mercy, but there was none. 'They were immensely grateful for all the support they received. We too, will be forever grateful.' The others executed were Indonesian Zainal Abidin, Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte, Nigerians Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise, Raheem Agbaje Salami and Okwudili Oyatanze, and Ghanaian Martin Anderson. A law enforcement official was quoted saying: 'The executions went well, without any disruptions.' Armed police lined the road at Cilacap port as the ambulances carrying the coffins of the executed men were transported through a crowd . One of the lawyers for the Bali Nine drug traffickers took to Twitter shortly after their deaths were confirmed . He tweeted, 'I failed. I lost', which was followed by another message apologising for their deaths . Myuran Sukumaran's grief-stricken mother, Raji, pleads for her son's life as her husband Sam looks on . An Indonesian mobile brigade police team, believed to be an execution team, were photographed being taken on a boat to Nusakambangan island . A local television station broadcast a chilling re-enactment of how executions are carried out in Indonesi . In following through with the killings, the Indonesian government ignored agonised pleas for clemency from the prisoners' families and Australian and international officials. All eight death row prisoners refused to wear blindfolds, choosing instead to face their executioners. Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso - the Filipino drug mule who was the ninth convict sentenced to death - was spared after new information emerged about her case. As news filtered through to the nearby port of Cilacap, supporters prayed and sung 'Amazing Grace' Bali Nine supporters comfort each other at Cilacap after the harrowing news came through . 'Today we lost Myuran and Andrew. 'Our sons, our brothers. 'In the 10 years since they were arrested, they did all they could to make amends, helping many others. 'They asked for mercy, but there was none. 'They were immensely grateful for all the support they received. 'We too, will be forever grateful.' The Chan and Sukumaran families were staying together in a hotel in Cilacap when the murders occurred. Some relatives who were on the island reportedly heard the deadly shots ringing out and 'became hysterical'. A Twitter account purporting to belong to Chan's brother, Michael, tweeted: 'I have just lost a Courageous brother to a flawed Indonesian legal system. I miss you already RIP my Little Brother.' One of the pair's lawyers, Peter Morrissey, told the Nine Network: 'It's a very sad time.. the two boys are gone. 'They were beautiful blokes. It is really sad. 'We did have a good (legal) argument. We still have a good argument. We just don't have anything to (argue) it for. 'We'll all keep fighting the death penalty for sure but it's not going to bring the boys back.' One of the lawyers for the Bali Nine, Todung Mulya Lubis, saw the loss of the young Australian men as a personal failure. 'I failed. I lost,' he wrote on social media. 'I am sorry'. Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso (centre) survived - spared after her alleged recruiter turned herself in . Mary Jane Veloso's family appear relieved after arriving at Nusa Kambangan port in Cilacap after their loved one was spared at the 11th hour . As the executions occurred, at nearby Cilacap port anti-death penalty protesters lit white candles and sang 'Hallelujah' and just outside the gates. Later, a silence fell over the area with only singing voices, music of Amazing Grace and prayers heard for the doomed Bali Nine duo. The Australian government is expected to retaliate for Wednesday's executions, which Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop had long lobbied against. Even in the final hours, officials were fighting the death penalty ruling. Indonesia has some of the toughest drug laws in the world. It ended a four-year moratorium on executions in 2013. The country, which has now carried out 15 such executions in four months, has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of the year.
Abby Bishop's (right) life completely changed when she took in her niece Zala (left) Most professional athletes are used to having their lives centred on themselves and their sport. But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24, her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala. It was August 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn, juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life. Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams, and will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA. Bishop, now 26, said it was a big decision at the time but she wouldn't change anything. 'My sister wasn’t very well,' she told Daily Mail Australia. 'I pretty much brought Zala home and started pre-season training with the Canberra Capitals straight away. 'It was tough with no sleep and adjusting to having another little human with me 24/7, but I have amazing friends who help me and my mum helped me when she could. 'I'm not going to lie and say it was easy but I just got through it.' Bishop had planned to spend a few years living in Europe full-time playing basketball, but she had to adjust her plans to do what was best for Zala. She chose to base herself in Canberra, sometimes flying interstate with Zala for weekend matches. Bishop was also able to take Zala with her to Hungary, where she played for local basketball teams for a couple of months in February 2014 and again in February this year. 'There are a few things I've missed out on, but I don't feel like I've missed out I've made the best of the situation,' she said. The basketballer, who lives in Canberra, has looked after her niece since she was two days old . Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . 'All the teams I've been part of have just been amazing in terms of taking me and Zala on. 'My European teams paid for my nanny's flights and they had cots and car seats and toys and everything there. 'I just can't thank the Canberra Capitals enough for putting childcare in my contract and letting me take Zala on road trips.' But it hasn't all been smooth sailing. Bishop had to miss out on playing for the national Opals team in the world championships in Turkey in October last year because of issues with their policy, which would have required her to cover the cost of travelling with a nanny. 'Taking on Zala I knew I was going to have to deal with some things within sport and for me that was not being able to go to world championships because of the policy they put in place,' she said. Bishop was able to take Zala with her to Hungary, where she played for local basketball teams for a couple of months in February 2014 and again in February this year . Bishop said Zala loves travelling and acting as team mascot. They are pictured here together in Hungary . Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA . 'I'd just taken on a baby that wasn't mine and they weren't as understanding as all my other teams have been. 'I understand it's the highest level, playing for Australia, but it's a unique situation and needs to be looked at differently than another mother's situation with a husband and a biological child.' Bishop is glad she will be able to take Zala with her when she goes to the U.S. to play with the Seattle Storm in May. 'In Seattle their rules in terms of contracts are very strict but in their own little way they have helped me,' she said. Bishop said Zala loves travelling and acting as team mascot. 'The plane trips are always the tricky part, just because she's so active, but in terms of being over there she loves it,' Bishop said. Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life – including getting used to a lack of sleep . ‘I think the biggest thing was it wasn’t all about me anymore, my life turned to being about this little human’ 'Everyone loves her and treats her like she's part of the team. 'She loves the attention - all they like is attention at that age.' Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life – including getting used to a lack of sleep and the fact that she is now responsible for someone else's life. 'I think the biggest thing was it wasn't all about me anymore, my life turned to being about this little human,' she said. 'And just for social things, my friends say "Let's go out for dinner or drinks" and I have to say "Nah sorry I can't I've got a child now."' Bishop knows that she will need to take a step back from the world of professional sport once Zala starts school. Bishop, now 26 years old, said it was a big decision at the time but she wouldn't change anything . Bishop said she will need to take a step back from the world of professional sport once Zala starts school . 'I've got a couple more years to do my basketball and do all that and then obviously I'll have to think about school and where we want to settle,' she said. When her basketball career comes to an end Bishop wants to become a police officer. But until then she is trying to maintain a balance and get back some of her social life – and she hopes to have more kids one day. 'I didn't think about it the day I was taking her,' she said. 'But since taking her I've thought hopefully I can find the right person and have my own kids. 'I'm a person who doesn't need someone but it's something I want in the future. 'Until then it's just Zala and I.' When her basketball career comes to an end Bishop wants to become a police officer . Bishop has chosen to base herself in Canberra, sometimes flying interstate with Zala for weekend matches .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20, the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final, earning a six-month ban. The 27-year-old, who came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match, told the Daily Star Sunday: 'I was surprised how calm I was, with everything going through my head about doing the right things. Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension . 'But I didn't expect such a big loud roar and a standing ovation. For the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them. 'It was lovely for them to do that but at the end of the day I do not deserve that because I let the club down massively.' Ahead of Flower's return, coach Shaun Wane had said he wanted to see him come back an even more aggressive player, but Flower said he needed to learn how to manage his emotions. 'I will get back to being a more aggressive player as I get fitter but aggressive does not mean that I am going to be a dirty player,' he said. 'What happened in the Grand Final was a massive mistake.' The Wales forward in action during Wigan Warriors' 30-20 victory against Warrington last Thursday . Flower struggles to control the ball as Warrington forward Ben Currie lines him up the for hit .
Armstrong, 26, pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun, a baton and knuckle dusters back into the UK from Cyprus in his luggage (file picture) A holidaymaker who jetted off to Cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in his luggage. Paul Armstrong, 26, of Sunderland, flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager. But after a spending spree on the trip, Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch, extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage. A court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to 'startle and repel'. Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it. Judge John Milford QC told Newcastle Crown Court: 'The general public need to be warned about the gravity of bringing home such souvenirs. 'What he did was foolish. It must be realised that the court takes very seriously the bringing into this country of those items. 'A stun gun is, within the legislation of this country, a firearm. It is an extremely serious offence to possess one. 'It is highly undesirable that they should be in circulation in this country.' The 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs at Newcastle Crown Court (pictured) The judge said a prison sentence was not necessary in Armstrong's case as there was no suggestion he would use the weapons, had never been in trouble before and had recently found employment. Judge Milford added: 'He had an extremely good job lined up. As a consequence of these proceedings, which he had to reveal to his perspective employers, he lost that job.' As such, Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs. Glen Gatland, defending, said; 'He has never been in trouble with the police and is of previous good character. 'He went on holiday to Cyprus with four friends (in the summer of 2013) who had been to primary school together. 'The reason he went was because he had been offered a job as IT project manager with retail branches in London and Zurich. 'He would have been moving away and not able to see his friends.' The court heard three of the friends who had been on the holiday with Armstrong received warnings after batons and knuckle dusters were found in their luggage. Mr Gatland said the weapons were bought from a 'corner shop' in Cyprus and Armstrong had been given the knuckle duster free with his other purchases.
A cafe owner has laid down a challenge to diners with a gut-busting morning meal that contains a whopping 4,000 calories. Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version the Easter Feast, which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar, at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter. The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three different types of flavoured milk. The Easter Feast breakfast is available at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter . Up for the challenge: Customer Glen Keogh attemps the 4,000-calorie meal which has 388g of sugar . The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons. For £7, customers looking to get their day off to a jittery start will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg, with one half used as a bowl, served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate to support the structure. Two cereals of choice are added together with a Creme Egg, a handful of Mini Eggs, home-made chocolate brownie and a Flake chocolate bar. Marshmallows and M&M's are thrown into the mix, before the whole dish is generously drizzled in homemade dulce de leche - an Argentinian take on condensed milk - and salted caramel sauce. He starts off in high spirits, pouring the first of the three milks into his chocolate 'bowl' Mr Keogh takes on the Easter Feast (left)  but barely gets through before he regrets his decision (right) Finally, customers are treated to three milks of choice which can be taken from a range including black squid ink milk, chocolate, strawberry, vanilla and good old semi-skimmed. Mr Taylor, whose cafe specialises in world cereals, milkshakes and cheesecake, says he has carried his fine-dining and knowledge of being a wine sommelier into Black Milk. He created the Easter Feast Challenge to celebrate the gluttony of Easter. Cadbury's chocolate egg (291g): 150g sugar; 1,400 calories . Baked caremalised white chocolate: 9g sugar; 80 calories . Kosher cereal from Israel: 8g sugar; 150 calories . Toffee crisp cereal: 7.2g sugar; 150g calories . Home-made brownie: 7g sugar; 410 calories . Creme Egg: 26.5g sugar; 177 calories . Mini Eggs: 20.5g sugar; 148 calories . Flake: 16.7g sugar; 171 calories . Dulce de leche: 50g sugar; 315 calories . Salted caramel sauce 10g sugar; 300 calories . Milks: 30g sugar; 300 calories . Marshmallows: 40g sugar; 75 calories . M&Ms: 13g sugar; 140 calories . TOTAL: 3,816 calories. Average man needs 2,500 calories per day. 'It's all in the spirit of Easter,' he said. 'Easter is less about what is used to mean, and now on Easter Sunday people try and go through as many chocolate eggs as they can, so this is another challenge for them. 'No one has managed to finish it yet but we'll be running it until the end of the Bank Holiday to see if anyone can.' He said the initial idea for the Easter Feast came to him after seeing soup served inside giant bread bowls in Paris and he wanted to transfer the concept to the cereal market. 'I want to push it further and come up with wacky concoctions and push the limits of cereal and milk and what you can do with it,' he said. Although his cafe may stake a claim to creating Britain's most tooth-rotting dish, Mr Taylor is keen to point out some of the shop's biggest sellers are muesli, Special K and protein granolas used as an after-gym snack. Sweet-toothed customer Glen Keogh bravely attempted the challenge, opting for Toffee Crisp and a kosher cereal from Israel as his two choices. He said: 'I absolutely love chocolate, so this seemed like it would be a doddle at first. 'After tucking straight into the Crème Egg, the Flake and the brownie, I realised even that was more chocolate than anybody needs to eat in one sitting. 'The cereal was delicious, but like the Easter Egg bowl once the milk was poured, I started to crumble. 'Ten minutes, an aching belly and fuzzy teeth later, I called it a day with just the bowl to spare. My nine-year-old self would have been disappointed, but he didn't have to pay to go to the dentist!' The Easter Feast is made of half a Cadbury's chocolate egg; baked caremelised white chocolate; kosher cereal from Israel; Toffee crisp cereal; home-made brownie; Creme Egg; Mini Eggs; Flake; dulce de leche; salted caramel sauce; three milks; marshmallows and M&M's . Olly Taylor starts the assembly process for his sugar-laden Easter Feast breakfast .
The European Union will today accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market. Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services, which include YouTube and the Google+ social network. In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years, Europe could fine Google more than £4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies. Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market. The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . But the ruling - the result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant – means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels. Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules, according to the Financial Times. Google's competitors, including the computer giant Microsoft and sites such as travel booking firm Expedia and TripAdvisor, claim that its method of promoting its own companies above rivals on its search site stops them competing on a level playing field. And in a further blow to Google, the EU is also expected to probe Google's operating system for Android smartphones. The investigation will centre on whether Google imposes restrictions on phone makers that force them to favour their own apps, such as YouTube. Google has previously rejected the allegations, and insisted that Android is an open platform that is distributed for free. Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve Google with a formal charge sheet . After charges are issued, Google will have ten weeks to reply to Brussels, according to the Financial Times. They will also get the chance to argue their case in a formal hearing. The investigation into Google began in 2010 but was repeatedly delayed because the commission could not agree on settlement terms. Google offered three settlement proposals to resolve the case. Most recently, just over a year ago, it offered to give competing products and services bigger visibility on its website. However Europe initially accepted that deal, only to reverse the decision six months later and demand more concessions. Vestager, Europe's competition boss who was the inspiration for the hit Danish political drama series Borgen, took over the job in November and vowed to take Google on. Insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the EU's decade-long battle with Microsoft, which ultimately cost the company £1.6 billion in fines. If Google fails to rebut any formal charges imposed by Brussels, the commission could impose a huge fine which could exceed £4 billion - about 10 per cent of Google's most recent annual revenue. The move will stop short of previous threats that the EU executive could consider breaking up Google to separate its business from the search engine. Google has faced searching antitrust questions across three continents for several years. But the latest move by the EU marks the first time the company has been accused of wrongdoing. The search engine is far more dominant in Europe than it is in the United States – where rivals like Microsoft's Bing enjoy a share of the market. And there has been fierce opposition to the dominance of Google from many countries in the EU. In fact twenty complainants want the search engine to abide by strict rules than ensure it treats its own services the same as it would its rivals. More than two dozen European organisations have filed antitrust complaints against Google. Many are from powerful publishing groups and online firms in Germany. They have previously called on the European regulator to force the American search engine to stop blocking competition in areas like online maps, shopping and travel services. And in France, lawyers have this week called on Google to reveal its secret formula for ranking websites – but Google argues such transparency would expose its business secrets to rivals and leave the search engine vulnerable to spam. Google and the EU commission declined to comment last night. Vestager's department is also looking into the tax affairs of Amazon, Starbucks, Fiat and Apple. In a recent Sunday Times article she said big companies should pay more as they 'are part of our society.' Insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the EU's decade-long battle with Microsoft .
Teaching assistant Phil Smith, 25, (pictured) died after trying to climb through an upstairs window . A primary school teaching assistant who forgot to take his keys on a night out died after trying to climb through an upstairs window. Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull, but fell and hit his head. The 25-year-old, who worked at a school for disabled children, fractured his skull and suffered a  bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall. He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later on April 9. Mr Smith's parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'. His mother Lisa Darnbrough, 49, said: 'Phil was such a lovely lad. You could not ask for a better son. 'He fought like a hero in hospital for five days after the fall, surprising us and the hospital staff. Sadly, he lost his battle but he gave us five days to come together and have time to say our goodbyes. 'We are so proud of Phil and we will make sure our hero gets the send-off he deserves.' His father, Nick Smith, 50, said: 'He just had such a positive outlook on life, we called it 'Phil's bubble'. 'He found out ways to bring out love in other people which is a rare quality to have.' The 25-year-old was found by his housemate Kris Lake who tried to resuscitate him. He gained a degree in sports science at the University of Hull and worked as a teaching assistant at Riverside Special School in Goole, Yorkshire, where he met his girlfriend Eve Netherwood. Ms Darnbrough said: 'His eyes lit up when he talked about his job. 'I saw him in the classroom and he just had a natural talent with the children. It was effortless. He was so amazing at interacting with his students.' His mother Lisa Darnbrough, 49, (pictured together) paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children' He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later on April 9 . Eve, 28, said: 'Phil was simply amazing and a wonderful boyfriend. We had so many good times together.' Phil played football for Haltemprice in the East Riding County League and a minute's silence will be held at the next game. His manager, Rob Kennington, said: 'He was a manager's dream. He was always the first to training and used to text me constantly to see if he was playing. 'He was very determined and wanted to improve and get better at everything. 'We will do everything we can to make sure people remember him and we are trying to get promoted this season as a legacy for Phil.' The 25-year-old, who also coached young children, was found by his housemate Kris Lake who tried to resuscitate him .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze. It was a day I have often tried to forget, but it was the one I must always remember. Approaching the 30th anniversary of the Bradford City fire, it was inevitable I would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match I was commentating on for Yorkshire Television. What I did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident, as Martin Fletcher has done with his book Fifty-Six, the Story of the Bradford Fire. The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985 . Martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind — any bitterness would be understandable — but from everything I have been told there isn’t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately. On the contrary, I remember the coroner telling me it was obvious how the fire had started. Detective Inspector Raymond Falconer actually identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire. This corroborates what I was told at the time by the coroner. He said it was believed the fire had been started by a man, visiting this country from Australia, but his name was never revealed. Without making allegations against the club’s chairman at the time Stafford Heginbotham, there is inference by implication in the book — with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased Heginbotham. As members of his own family were seated in the stand that day, and as it was due to be demolished anyway 48 hours later, it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson. I find it abhorrent that Stafford Heginbotham’s family are being subjected to this unseemly inference at a time when people are still grieving and paying their respects three decades on from the most horrendous day of their lives. There isn’t a shred of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy. It should also never be forgotten that Heginbotham twice saved Bradford City from extinction. As son James said to me: ‘He put that club above everything else, including family and business.’ A memorial at Valley Parade pays tribute those who died  in the devastating blaze almost 30 years ago . We all have our memories of a day that still sends a shudder up my spine. I cannot bear to watch the footage. If I hear my voice describing the tragedy as it unfolded I have to leave the room. Many of the 54 Bradford and two Lincoln fans who lost their lives, choked to death with inhalation of fumes. The smell was of acrid tar. As a Bradfordian myself I knew many of those fleeing for their lives, as I attempted to describe the scenes without becoming over-emotional. Thirty years on we try to forget but we must always remember. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer. McIlroy was filmed battling with fellow Northern Irishman Dornan during a match of Circular Soccer, a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown, with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish. Rory McIlroy (left) battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan at a game of Circular Soccer . The duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 which McIlroy won 2-1 . McIlroy was taking time away from golf after competing at the Masters in Augusta where he overcame a slow to start to finish an impressive fourth. The 25-year-old did his best to repair the damage of a below-par opening 27 holes but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader Jordan Spieth as the American won his first major. McIlroy is an avid Manchester United fan and the four-time major champion revealed last year he dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child. The 25-year-old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child . McIlroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters in Augusta . Circular Soccer is a new concept that has been devised by Dornan's father, medical professor Jim Dornan, alongside four other experts. FIFA have integrated it into their Global Grassroots Youth Programmes for 2015-2018 while Manchester United have also tested it at their elite academy. And with McIlroy trying his luck, it may only be a matter of time before Circular Soccer is played at a park near you.
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program. After Fallon told Governor Christie he 'looked great,' the New Jersey politician asked him; 'If I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' Then, to make amends, Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream. Scroll down for video . Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show (above) and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself, slowly moving away. 'You have to share,' screamed Fallon. The ice cream, The Tonight Dough, was named after the show by Ben & Jerry's, and includes caramel and chocolate ice creams with chocolate cookie swirls and gobs of chocolate chip cookie dough and peanut butter cookie dough. Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream (above) Fallon brought out for the two to share . Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election, but he made it clear on the show that he will not be changing himself just to win office. He told Fallon; 'There’s only one Chris Christie. This is it. I’m not gonna be someone else if I run for president.' This after the host pointed out some of his brash behavior in the past, and even compared him to The Hulk. And when pressed about what his decision might be when it came to the presidency, Christie simply said; 'I’ve got a day job which keeps me busy.'
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time, in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars. Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence. In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred. In a potentially incendiary move, Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13. Scroll down for video . Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time, in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars . Members of the Barrio 18 gang wait to be admitted on their arrival to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary, their loyalty made patently clear by the huge tattoos on their backs . A member of the Barrio 18 gang waits to be admitted upon arrival to the San Francisco Gotera penitentiary . Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence . In a potentially incendiary move, Barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang, or M13 . And they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are. The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls. Prisons director Rodil Hernandez said last week in San Salvador that the gang members were moved from regular prisons to the maximum security lockup where they will be completely isolated from the outside world. So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor . A Salvadoran policeman guards members of the Barrio 18 gang upon their arrival to the San Francisco Gotera penitentiary . Just last week eight gang members were killed in a confrontation with police on a coffee farm in El Salvador . Gang members in El Salvador were found to be running crime from behind bars, leading to the government taking steps to curb their activities . Last Thursday, some 300,000 Salvadorans marched in the capital, one of 12 demonstrations around the country calling foran end to violence . Violence in El Salvador has increased over the past year after a 2012 truce between Barrio 18 and MS 13 started to unravel . In January, the Salvadoran government authorized the policeto shoot 'without any fear of suffering consequences' if threatened by gang members . Members of the Barrio 18 gang stand up against the windows of a bus outside the San Francisco Gotera jail . Two Barrio 18 gang members sprint after they get off the prison bus, their arms handcuffed and intertwined . He said investigations indicated these gang members had ties to some recent attacks on state institutions. So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor. Just last week eight gang members were . killed in a confrontation with police on a coffee farm in El . Salvador, according to police, the same day as hundreds of . thousands of people marched around the country for an end to . rising violence. Police raided the farm in the city of San Jose Villanueva, . south of San Salvador, after complaints from residents, . according to a statement. The gang members fired first, the police said, and one . officer was lightly injured. The gang members were part of  Barrio 18, according to the prosecutor's office. Salvadoran soldiers and policemen secure a crime scene in the town of Zacatecoluca on April 18, 2015. At least nine members of the gang Barrio 18 were killed in El Salvador the previous week in a confrontation with the army . A heavily armoured policeman watches as handcuffed gang members board a bus for the prison transfer . In January, the Salvadoran government authorized the police . to shoot 'without any fear of suffering consequences' if . threatened by gang members. Violence in El Salvador has increased over the past year . after a 2012 truce between Barrio 18 - also known as 18th Street Gang, because it started in the 1960s near 18th Street in LA's Rampart District  - and MS-13 started to unravel. Last Thursday, some 300,000 Salvadorans marched in the . capital, one of 12 demonstrations around the country calling for . an end to violence. 'This is a fight that we are going to win, all Salvadorans, . because we are going to take on the challenge of continuing to . work for the respect for life, to deepen peace, and to make sure . that justice prevails,' Salvadoran President Salvador Sanchez . Ceren said at the march in the capital. An imprisoned member of street gang Mara 18 poses for a photograph at the Izalco prison, about 40 miles from San Salvador on May 20, 2013 . A jailed gang member poses for a photograph at the maximum security jail of Izalco in Sonsonate in 2013 . Members of the MS 13 Mara Salvatrucha street gang flash their gang's hand sign from inside a jail cell at a police station in San Salvador in 2012 . An imprisoned member of  Mara 18 poses for a photograph at the Izalco prison on May 20, 2013 . A member of Mara Salvatrucha poses for a picture at the National Penitentiary in Tamara, Honduras, in 2006 . A former leader of the Mara Salvatrucha gang poses during a photo session at Comayagua jail in Honduras in 2008 .
That's not a light lunch, it's just bad lighting, say administrators at a Virginia School standing up for their FLOTUS approved school meals. A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. Scroll down for video . Look appetizing?: A corned mother took a photo of her child's lunch, a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week . Reasoning: Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules . After the photo began circulating the web, Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks, reports EAG News. 'Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing,' he said in a statement released to the media. 'The meal in this photo and other meals served by Portsmouth Public Schools meet nutritional and USDA requirements,' said Gelhoff. According to the school district's lunch menu from their website, Tuesday’s lunch options included spicy Cajun fish with brown rice, a cold cut turkey sandwich, a chef's salad, fresh orange or canned fruit, and 1 per cent skim milk. Wavy took a poll asking people if the though the lunch seemed acceptable and 92.3 per cent of people who voted didn't believe that the lunch looked palatable. 'No child should go to school hungry – it’s that simple,' committee chair Rep. John Kline said at a House Education and Workforce Committee this week. 'Today’s discussion is not about whether we agree on this basic principle; I am confident we all do. Instead, our discussion today is about beginning a larger effort we will continue in the coming months to ensure the best policies are in place to help reach this goal,' he continued. Another paltry lunch: This lunch posted in October shows another American student's dissatisfaction with the school meal . Squeamish: This school lunch allegedly shows a maggot found in a child's green beans . The School Nutrition association doesn’t think Michelle Obama's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed for the National School Lunch Program. ‘That will help school food authorities afford the foods that we must serve, but unfortunately that won’t make students consume it,’ SNA President Julia Bauscher said during testimony. ‘And that’s what we’re also focused on…finding ways to ensure students will eat the healthy foods that we’re making available to them and not throw it in the trash.’ Two months ago Michelle Obama again came under fire for the 'shortcomings' of her Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act scheme. Students and parents  posted photos of Michelle Obama's 'measly' school lunches in February and in October of last year. The images, which were all posted on Twitter with the hashtag #ThanksMichelleObama, range from a slice of moldy salami in a wrap and a green hotdog to a small portion of salad with a side of cheese, to a maggot found in a child's green beans. Filling?: Another student posted this dissatisfying lunch to their Twitter last year .
Rome (CNN)The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily, the Italian military said Friday. The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata, according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces. An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel, according to a statement by the Italian Navy. It said during the operation, rifle shots were accidentally fired, and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured. The Airone, carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians, had embarked from Mazara del Vallo in Sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp. The Airone's captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized, according to Vito Mazzarino, the boat's owner. "At a certain point a tug boat came up and flanked the fish boat and some Libyans came on board," Mazzarino said, quoting the captain, Alberto Figuccia. "They were armed. And at that point chaos erupted." Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa. Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast, to flee war and poverty. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015, according to the International Organization for migration. On Monday, gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a wooden boat that was being used to transport migrants, according to Frontex, the European Union's border management agency. That incident occurred 60 nautical miles from the Libyan coast. The 250 migrants on board had already been transferred on to a different boat, Frontex said on its website. "This is a sign that smugglers in Libya are running short of boats and are more willing to use weapons to recover those used to transport the migrants," said Fabrice Leggeri, Frontex's executive director, in a news release. Italian police: Muslim migrants threw Christians overboard .
A telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by NHS doctors, cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes. When tumours in the lungs are suspected, patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease, often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment. Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer. Scroll down for video . A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube. An ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample. Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment. EBUS patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques. And as well as getting a quicker diagnosis, patients who have undergone EBUS survive for longer. Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (pictured) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . They survive for 503 days after diagnosis, compared with 312 days for people assessed through more traditional methods. This is probably due to the fact that EBUS can more accurately diagnose the type of cancer involved and therefore the type of treatment needed. Consultant Dr Neal Navani, who has been testing the technique, said the results had been so impressive that he now hoped the procedure would be rolled out across the NHS. ‘EBUS routinely prevents the need for scans, tests and operations and speeds up the route to the correct treatment,’ he says. He adds: ‘The trial showed that the new procedure is quicker and better – it halves the time to the start of treatment at no additional cost.’ BBC political editor Nick Robinson announced that doctors found a tumour on his lung earlier this year . More than 40,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer in the UK every year, yet the disease is notoriously difficult to treat as it is often spotted at a late stage. The BBC’s political editor Nick Robinson announced earlier this year that doctors had found a tumour on his lung, and he has since undergone a successful operation to remove the growth. Diagnosing lung cancer can be a challenge – X-rays are not always definitive as it is hard to distinguish between cancer and other lung conditions. A biopsy is the traditional way to check conclusively whether a patient has lung cancer. However, obtaining a tissue sample can be difficult as lung cancer often spreads to the lymph nodes in the chest and these are hard to reach. This means that surgery may be necessary before a doctor can be sure that the disease is present, resulting in a wait for results. The health of many cancer patients can deteriorate because these delays mean they are not started immediately on lifesaving treatments such as chemotherapy. By comparison, the EBUS allows doctors to look directly into the windpipe and breathing tubes, while the ultrasound scanner can check the lymph glands in the centre of the chest for cancer. One patient who received faster treatment thanks to the EBUS technique is retired sales worker Maureen Mullen. The 65-year-old from Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, had already had a tumour removed from her lung in September 2013, and underwent a double mastectomy the following March after being diagnosed with breast cancer. Then in June last year, she began to feel breathless while on holiday in Spain. When she returned home to Britain, she was given the devastating news that she had a new lump behind her breastbone. Her doctors could not be sure what type of cancer it was without investigating further, so they recommended she have the pioneering EBUS procedure. ‘They said I was a very sick lady,’ reveals Maureen. ‘My consultant explained the procedure to me and I was taken into the operating theatre and sedated. It was all over so quickly – there were no side effects from the procedure, no dry mouth or sluggishness, and I felt really positive about the whole process.’ The EBUS revealed Maureen had small cell carcinoma, a form of lung cancer that can spread quickly, and she needed a course of chemotherapy immediately. She started treatment the next day, and after six months of chemo, the tumour was gone. ‘The EBUS was brilliantly efficient,’ adds Maureen. ‘By 4pm that day, my cancer had been diagnosed and the appropriate chemotherapy was ordered for me to start the next day. ‘Had I had a traditional biopsy, who knows where I’d be.’
The BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson’s attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme. A new episode of mockumentary W1A, to be broadcast later this month, shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on Top Gear. The BBC has made light of Jeremy Clarkson's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy show . The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked. The commentary now explains to viewers: ‘Since the making of this documentary, certain events have happened as a result of which for technical reasons we are unable to mention certain people by name.’ Clarkson’s spokesman was unavailable for comment. A BBC spokesman said: ‘A very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events.’
The sequel to the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy the novel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks. The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50. Mr Lagercrantz, known for co-authoring Swedish football star Zlatan Ibrahimovic's autobiography, said the publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps. However, Norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency. Under wraps: The sequel to the Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series by Steig Larsson (left) entitled The Girl In The Spider's Web (right) has been shrouded in such secrecy it is being written on computers with no internet . The 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist, whom she helps solve a murder mystery  in the first book in the series. Mr Lagercrantz said he, the editors and translators were subject to similar kinds of espionage-style secrecy, reportedly working on computers disconnected from the Internet to avoid leaks. He told the Dagens Nyheter daily: 'If you write about Lisbeth Salander its easy to get a little paranoid. 'You realise what opportunities there are to hack computers. 'It was a little awkward. 'Every time I needed to Google I had to do it on another computer. And we used code words - like our own little spy world.' Its British publisher, MacLehose Press, which has unveiled the front cover showing Salander with her dragon tattoo and wearing punk trousers, said they have given strict instructions to follow suit. Taking up the mantle: The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz (above) based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 . Christopher MacLehose told The Guardian: 'The Swedish original publishers Norstedts have put everyone on notice that no particle of this book can be shared with anybody. 'There'll be no review copies in any language before it's launched on 27 August... nobody will be in a position to beat the ring of steel around this book.' The novel is called Det som inte dödar oss in the original Swedish - or What Doesn’t Kill You - but given a different title for the English version. It is being translated into 38 languages. Setting the scene, Norstedts publishing house wrote on its website: 'One night professor Frans Balder, a leading authority within AI (artificial intelligence) research, calls up Blomkvist. 'Balder says he has world-shattering information on U.S. intelligence services... had contact with a female super hacker, who bears a certain resemblance to a person Blomkvist knows well.' Saddened: Eva Gabrielsson has said Larsson would have been 'furious' about the release of The Girl In The Spider's Web, the fourth book in the Millennium series which began with The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo . Until now the publishers had remained tight-lipped about the plot, only saying that it would continue the story of the trilogy's heroine, which has sold more than 75 million copies worldwide. The book has been given the blessing of Mr Larsson's estate, but not from his long-term partner. Eva Gabrielsson said last month that the journalist, who co-founded the anti-racism magazine Expo in Sweden, 'would be furious' if he knew someone else was writing his story. Gabrielsson, who lost a bitter battle with the late author's family to manage his work, added that Lagercrantz was 'a totally idiotic choice' as he lacked Larsson's left-wing activist background. Norstedts have compared the planned release on August 27 of the book in at least 35 countries to the global splash made by Dan Brown's sequels to the 2003 'Da Vinci Code'. At the time of his death, Larsson reportedly had plans to write at least another seven novels.
These century-old photos offer a rare glimpse of some of Beijing’s most popular tourist attractions at a time when they barely had any foreign tourists and no one had ever heard of a selfie. They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital – taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty – and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors. The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year. Scroll down for video . Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors . A man casually poses for a photo while standing next to a large statue of a lion at Beijing's Yonghe Temple . A visitor stands alone at the Temple of Heaven, where emperors of the Ming and Qing dynasties held heaven worship ceremonies . This photo was taken at the pavilion outside the Church of the Saviour, which was established early in the 18th century . The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven, standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace. The origin of the photos is not known. Some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion, a camel and a horse. Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through, no selfie sticks and no smog in sight. A man poses next to a giant stone statue at the Western Qing Tombs, where more than 75 members of the royal family are buried . The Nine-Dragon Wall at Beihai Park was built in 1402 and features the legendary creatures on both sides . Guozijian, known as the National School or Beijing Imperial College, was the highest seat of learning during four Chinese dynasties . Today, these steps at the Temple of Heaven, a cluster of religious buildings in central Beijing, are crowded with visitors . Four emperors and their empresses are buried at the Western Qing Tombs, nearly 100 miles south-west of Beijing . A boy poses in between stone statues of animals at the Western Qing Tombs, which has four royal mausoleums . Some of the subjects in the photographs – taken mostly in Beijing – offer wide smiles, while others pose with blank expressions. It’s possible that some were wary of the camera’s lens, as there was once a belief by some in China that a photo could capture a person’s soul. The images offer an enchanting glimpse into China’s last imperial era, which ended in 1911. The Western Qing Tombs contain tombs for the Yongzheng Emperor, Jiaqing Emperor, Daoguang Emperor and Guangxu Emperor . Only some of the subjects in the photos offered a smile; there was once a belief that a photograph could capture a person's soul . The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by millions . This man is pictured in several of the century-old photographs; this snap was taken during a visit to the Western Qing Tombs . Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight . Some of the Beijing-area attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites . A group of men pass under a bridge while navigating a stream at the Summer Palace, a Unesco World Heritage Site . A foreign tourist stands next to monuments at the foot of Beijing's Yuquan Mountain, with a horse and cart parked nearby . Beijing's Summer Palace is regarded as the largest and most well-preserved royal park in China, with a collection of gardens and lakes . Beijing has become such a popular destination for holidaymakers that the Forbidden City announced last year that it would limit the number of visitors. The former imperial palace in the heart of Beijing attracts more than 14 million visitors every year, according to Chinese state media. Some of the attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites, including the Forbidden City, Summer Palace and Temple of Heaven.
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle. The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car. A man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute into the doors of the Harts Range police station . Territory Duty Superintendent Brendan Muldoon said police are looking for a 42-year-old male who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner. 'The man has allegedly thrown a wheel spanner at the Night Patrol vehicle and driven the car at speed towards the police station,' he said. 'The station, which was vacant at the time, has sustained damage to the front glass doors and rear roller doors.' The culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car but wouldn't have got far without working headlights, a front number plate or a front bumper bar . Superintendent Muldoon said the alleged offender then drove off along the Plenty Highway. 'Police do not think he would have travelled far, as damage left behind suggests he would have no working headlights, no front number plate or a front bumper bar,' he said. 'The car may still have the rear number plate attached which is SA registered S145 AVI.' Police are urging anyone who has seen the dark blue Ford Falcon utility, with front and possible rear end damage, to contact police on 131 444 or call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the dangerous stunt .
Doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ‘too lazy to have a baby'. The image, which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S, has been circulating on mother's groups in Australia. University of Sydney's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz told Daily Mail Australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons. An offensive image circulating social media which endeavours to shame women who have undergone caesareans . ‘They are suggesting that it's the woman's own fault if she need a caesarean. That’s like saying it’s your fault that have an inflamed appendix, or bowel cancer. It’s plain stupid.’ The world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of C-sections is forcing obstetricians to 'act against their own better professional judgment.' ‘While it sits on the the extreme end of the caesarean spectrum, it’s an attitude which is actually widespread in Australia. That’s why I feel it needs to be addressed.’ Professor Dietz said the sharp rise in Caesareans since the 1980’s has triggered a strong movement from people trying to curb the rates. Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births . Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia . ‘The reality is that your average newborn is much bigger now than in the past, and for some women Caesareans are the safest option. It’s downright dangerous to deny women that right.’ Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births. It’s believed the anti-caesarean campaign on social media is a bid to pressure mums to into following the WHO appeal.
Britain's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of £690,000 a year. The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister’s £142,500 pay packet – and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices. A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000 and a total of 177 received more than £200,000. More than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000. The figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers’ money paid to dentists for NHS work, following Labour’s introduction of controversial contracts in 2006. Scroll down for video . Lucrative: Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private patients . Campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’. Under freedom of information laws, the NHS Business Services Authority was asked about the pensionable pay of dentists who do NHS work. In 2012/13, the latest figures available, five practitioners were paid more than £500,000. They shared a total of about £3.4million – an average of £690,000. This comes on top of any money they take from treating patients privately. Another 11 earned £400,000 to £499,999 from the NHS, 30 received £300,000 to £399,999, 131 pocketed £200,000 to £299,999 and 1,617 received £100,000 to £199,999. Katherine Murphy, of the Patients Association, said the rates of pay were ‘exorbitant’. Yesterday's Daily Mail . She added: ‘Investment is urgently needed on the front line where there is a desperate shortage of nurses [and] patients waiting for hours in A&E … when the NHS is under such huge financial pressure, this type of spending on huge salaries is unacceptable.’ It follows revelations in Thursday’s Mail that millions of pounds was being wasted on NHS prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste. Yesterday, the Mail also exposed a £2,700 charge for cataract surgery at some hospitals – treble the cost to the health service – raising suspicions that patients are being ripped off. Patient Concern’s Roger Goss said: ‘This is scandalous. People will be shocked to hear the sums lining dentists’ pockets when it is almost impossible to find dental care on the NHS in some parts of the country. ‘There is something strange going on when the NHS will pay for gastric bands, suncream and hangover tablets yet it is so difficult to get dental treatment on it. It is almost perverse.’ Jonathan Isaby of the Taxpayers Alliance, which the Mail commissioned to carry out the research, said the salaries show a ‘shameless public sector elite taking taxpayers for a ride’. He added: ‘It is outrageous that these telephone-number salaries have been hidden from the people who pay them … Taxpayers expect the money they put in to the NHS to be spent on patients, not on bumper pay packets.’ The contracts brought in by Labour were designed to improve access to NHS dentistry. But patients are still struggling to get an appointment. The pay deals gave practitioners a fixed sum for a set amount of work agreed at the start of the year, rather than separate incomes for the number of patients treated or procedures done. Thursday's Daily Mail . Treatments are divided into three bands, from a simple check-up earning the dentist £25, to procedures such as fitting dentures and crowns, for roughly £300. The value of a contract can run to millions of pounds, and some dentists run more than one practice so hold multiple contracts. According to the Health and Social Care Information Centre, 21,500 dentists did NHS work in 2012/13, but most also do substantial amounts of private work. The British Dental Association’s Mick Armstrong said the top-earning dentists ‘most likely own a group of practices’ or are specialists in their area. But Tory Charlotte Leslie, who sat on the health select committee of MPs, said: ‘Most people will be absolutely stunned individual clinicians are getting such astronomical salaries on the NHS.’ A spokesman for NHS England said it contracts the vast majority of dental services from self-employed individuals or companies, some of whom ‘earn income from a number of contracts’.
Rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to Earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over Britain and Ireland, experts say. The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. Scroll down for videos . The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh . UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds. David Moore from Astronomy Ireland told The Mirror: 'This event was so bright that a piece or pieces may have survived the re-entry and landed as extremely rare and valuable meteorites.' However, the group's initial analysis of its trajectory, based on the 50 sightings that were reported to it, suggests that it may well have fallen into the Irish Sea. UKMON said: 'It is very likely something has survived and landed in the Irish Sea. Probably no bigger than 30 to 50 grams.' It added that the meteorite was burning at a very low altitude of  21 miles, compared to the usual 50 to 75 miles and was formed of 'very hard and dense material compared to soft cometary material which we normally see as meteor showers'. The network is appealing for members of the public to report eyewitness accounts of the event. It comes after astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul, one of the most influential figures in early Christianity, . Experts believe the bright light in the sky that blinded him for three days match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013. Dr William Hartmann, co-founder of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson, Arizona, examined three accounts of Paul's conversion in the Bible. Astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia (pictured) triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul . The fireball above Chelyabinsk (above) was captured by a number of dashboard cameras in cars . Writing in the journal Meteoritics and Planetary Science, he said: 'The first-century book, Acts of the Apostles, gives three separate descriptions of a bright light "from heaven", which occurred probably in the 30s (C.E.) near Damascus, Syria. 'The details offer a strikingly good match to a Chelyabinsk-class or Tunguska-class fireball.' In the accounts given in the Bible, Paul had been one of the zealous persecutors of the followers of Jesus. However, during a journey to Damascus, Syria, he and his companions saw a bright light in the sky. Paul was blinded for three days and he heard a divine voice or sound. The experience apparently so affected Paul that he converted to Christianity and undertook several influential missions to spread the word of Christ around the Mediterranean. Many believe Paul's preaching led to the rise of much of the theology and traditions in the Roman and Protestant faith strands that exist today. However, some have attempted to explain Paul's vision as being the result of some kind of seizure or of sunstroke. Dr Hartmann, however, says the description of the light in the sky, the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite. He said the Cheyabinsk meteor, which exploded in the atmosphere close to the Russian city, is a good example of what Paul may have experienced. He said that the bright light in the sky - which was 'brighter than the sun, shining round me' - matches videos of the Chelyabinsk meteor, which was estimated to be three times as bright as the sun. Its movement across the sky created fast moving shadows that would have given the impression of the light moving around Paul.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. No wonder her male rivals are terrified. While in 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity, topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes – today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders’ debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks. Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon (left in 2001; right in 2015) is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office . In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity, topped and tailed with a Krankies (above) haircut and orthopaedic shoes . Her outfit made the male leaders’ dark suits seem as old as their arguments. She also eclipsed Plaid Cymru’s Leanne Wood (too feminine) and the Greens’ Natalie Bennett (too hemp). THE HAIR . 2001: I really don’t trust a woman who says she doesn’t have time to go to the hair salon, apply make-up, or steam the creases from her trousers... Now: Gone is the fright wig, and in its place is a chic, choppy, youthful but not frivolous, golden halo of Princess Diana-like loveliness – a ray of sunshine that says this woman means business. She has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders’ debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks . THE ACCESSORIES . 2001: No one except the Queen looks good with a brooch, seen here as a last-minute addition to stop its wearer appearing too bland. Now: Simple stud earrings and an under-stated watch avoid too much frivolity. I’d like her to carry a bag though. THE DIET . 2001: I can hear female voters muttering, ‘She didn’t have time to get her hair done, but she certainly found time to eat!’ Sturgeon appears slow-moving and complacent. Now: I can hardly believe this is the same woman: she appears confident, fit, and full of dynamic energy. Here, Sturgeon is all womanly curves and upright posture. THE OUTFIT . 2001: This grey, rather Maoist trouser suit by Debenhams looks like an outsize school uniform. Shapeless, boxy and designed to shroud rather than flatter, it is the ultimate wallflower’s wardrobe choice, not a style statement for a parliamentary candidate who wants to be noticed. Now: The Queen knows a bright colour means she can be spotted easily, and I love this spring green (new leader, new shoots!) outfit by British label Hobbs: a silk and cotton blend jacket, £189, and a print dress, £149. The length is spot-on, while bracelet sleeves stop a jacket becoming too masculine. THE SHOES . 2001: These are the sort of shoes M&S does so well: navy, square and comfortable. We don’t want our politicians to be comfy, we want them to suffer! Sturgeon resembles a double-glazing salesperson at the annual works do. Now: While somewhat passé in fashion circles, thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge, the flesh-nude LK Bennett court shoe is nevertheless an eternally flattering choice that elongates the leg and emphasises a slender ankle.
UEFA has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error. However, FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier. Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up. This happened in the 38th minute and FIFA ordered that the entire match be replayed which did not please either team. England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier in Belfast . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . Leah Williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against Norway . Williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate Rosella Ayane (circled) has entered the box . Williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper's bottom-right corner . Bahrain players and staff celebrate after beating Uzbekistan in a 2006 World Cup qualifier on away goals . Have UEFA just triggered a landmark moment for football? Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment... and gave indirect free-kick instead. Read more HERE. Uzbekistan only managed a 1-1 draw in the replay and a 0-0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama meant that Bahrain qualified. Current FIFA head of refereeing, Massimo Busacca, was in charge for the first-leg rematch and I was appointed to the second leg in Bahrain. It was surprising to receive four or five calls on the day of that game from FIFA stressing how important it was that the game passed without any errors in law which would provoke another appeal. Winding forward to the latest incident which was caused, incredibly, by an identical error by German referee, Marija Kurtes, in the 96th minute of England’s 2-1 'defeat' by Norway in their qualifying group. England thought they had scored an equaliser in the dying seconds of the game from the penalty spot but Kurtes had spotted encroachment by at least one England player and rightly disallowed the goal. Had the penalty been missed she would have been correct to award an indirect free kick but as it had been scored she should have ordered a retake. England players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against Norway . But referee Kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . Williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . But Williamson then realises the referee's decision and two Norwegian players are seen celebrating . German referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing a penalty . Kurtes has been sent home from the European Women's U19 qualifiers after her mistake . Now, UEFA has upheld England’s appeal and ordered that in an evolution of the FIFA decision in 2005, the game should be replayed from the moment the technical error occurred. This bizarre decision was perhaps influenced by the fact that both teams are still present in the host city, Belfast, and are available following their final qualifying matches. However, this sets a dangerous precedent. If the same error is made in the opening minutes of a late group match in next year’s European Championship finals in France, will that match be replayed and the schedule of the whole tournament be thrown into disarray? I almost caused just that at Germany 2006; my error, in not sending Josip Simunic off when showing him his second yellow card, could not be disputed and given FIFA’s decision in the qualifying stages of the same competition they would have struggled not to allow a rematch. The game was 2-2 at the time of the mistake and it stayed that way until the final whistle but had Croatia scored they would have ‘qualified’. I remember being told by the Australians that had Croatia scored a winning goal in the final three or four minutes they would have appealed and expected a rematch at the very least. Precedent set; now let’s wait for the next refereeing error. It will happen – and UEFA must just hope it doesn’t affect one of their premiere tournaments. Referee Graham Poll shows a yellow card to Croatia's Josip Simunic during a 2006 World Cup match . Poll sends Simunic off but only after he had failed to show a red card after a second booking .
Mister Money is now putting his money where his mouth is. Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $100 bills. Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000. Floyd Mayweather (left) vs Manny Pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on May 2 . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight . Manny Pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on Monday as part of his preparation for the big fight . Floyd Mayweather works in his gym as the fight with Pacquiao draws closer . As the value of the richest fight of all time keeps rising ever closer to the half-billion mark, so does the value of Manny Pacquiao’s target. If the PacMan does land the knockout blow, then given the expensive protection at least the Money Man should wake up smiling. Mayweather has just spent $300,000 on yet another vehicle, according to his favourite website TMZ. This is a Mercedes ‘Land Yacht’ people carrier to which he has added such extras as a 55-inch television and a champagne bar, to turn it into what he calls his ‘Party Bus.’ And so it turns out that all the time Andre Ward was talking about coming to England for a rematch with Carl Froch he was setting up yet another easy night out in his own backyard. Only a couple of days after the self-called Son of God declared he would be prepared to cross the Atlantic to face the Cobra, Ward revealed that his overdue ring comeback will be taking place in his California hometown on June 20. The opponent? Most likely a certain Marco Antonio Periban, who turned up in questionable condition to face James DeGale and was promptly knocked out in that final eliminator for Andre Dirrell’s IBF super-middleweight title. Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 . So much for wanting to do it a second time with Froch to unify the WBA’s two world championship belts. That fight had been ordered by the WBA and Froch’s promoter Eddie Hearn did his best to come to terms before the March 31 deadline . Now Ward’s announcement has made it yet more likely that Froch might retire. Ward had claimed a readiness to overcome his phobia – either fear of flying or of fighting abroad. He wouldn’t go as far as Froch’s home city of Nottingham but he did express a willingness to travel to London for a showdown at either Wembley or the 02. His argument was that his US victory over Froch in the final of the Super Six super-middleweight tournament took place in Atlantic City, not Oakland. So London would be fairer than Nottingham. Still, Froch doubted he was serious and was apparently right to do so. It is back to home sweet home for Ward, at the Oracle Arena across the bay from San Francisco. If not exactly the offspring of the Almighty, Ward is a favourite son of American boxing. So the WBA appear compliant, with no sign yet of him being stripped of his belt. Foch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . Ward remains atop the ratings as their ‘super’ champion, with Froch still the ‘regular’ world titlist. Maybe the WBA are giving him license to shake off the ring rust after being out of the ring since his points win over another undistinguished foe, Edwin Rodriguez, way back in November 2013. Yet Ward’s inactivity has long since become more a result of self-inflicted promotional disputes than his original injury. Now he is the first major signing by the new kids on that block, the music industry-backed Roc Nation, who are trying to confirm not only the opponent for June 20 but a TV deal. That the television rights have not been snapped up instantly by either of the major networks HBO or Showtime speaks to Ward’s sluggish box office appeal despite the high professional regard for his skills. The closest he has come to properly fighting abroad has been a couple of low-key outings to the Caribbean. That he so much as contemplated travelling several thousand miles to face Froch indicates a realisation that he could make a lot more money in England. Still, that temptation is not enough. Not yet, anyway. He carries on talking about the Cobra later. But as it stands one of Froch’s dreams for his farewell appearance – boxing at the City Ground home of Nottingham Forest – has been dashed. The other ambition – a fight in Las Vegas – hangs on Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr coming through an interim bout and agreeing to meet him there in September. But Froch says: ‘Unless I get a fight that excites me soon I may well hang up the gloves.’ Ward, meanwhile, talks about meeting the challenge of middleweight KO sensation Gennady Golovkin ‘soon'. Floyd Mayweather says: ‘For me, Andre beats him every day of the week.' The questions, Andre, are which day? And where? The IBF still insist that Amir Khan, who has yet to confirm Chris Algieri or anyone else as his May 30 opponent, turned down a fight with Tim Bradley as a final eliminator for Kell Brook’s world welterweight title. One question for the IBF: . Why would Khan bother with an eliminator when Brook is gagging to meet him in a Battle of Britain? Amir Khan's proposed fight with Chris Algieri is yet to be confirmed .
These rusting 'ghost' ships are the last remnants of what was once the United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet, set to protect and serve in the hour of need. The NDRF was set up in the wake of the Second World War, and at its peak in the 1950s, the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States. But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels, and today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored. Scroll down for video . Ghost ships: A number of the remaining ships in the United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet lay moored in James River, Virginia . Helping hand: The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945, in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies . Diminished: At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year . The ships, jokily known as the 'Mothball Fleet', is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart, creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets. At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites: James River, Virginia; Beaumont, Texas; Suisun Bay, California; Stony Point, New York; Wilmington, North Carolina; Mobile, Alabama; Astoria, Oregon; and Olympia, Washington. Out of these eight, only James River, Beaumont and Suisun Bay exist today. Long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks, with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals. The worst affected is the Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet, where less than 50 ships remain. At its peak, in 1952, the bay had 340 ships anchored. Today, less than 50 ships remain, slowly polluting the bay, which is a critical environmental area for fish and wildlife. The federal Maritime Administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at Suisun Bay, with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017. Reduced: Out of the original eight anchorage sites, only three; James River, Virginia; Beaumont, Texas and Suisun Bay, California remain . Pollution: The worst affected mooring side is Suisun Bay in California where less than 50 ships remain, slowly releasing toxins into the bay . Going, gone: At its peak, in 1952, the Suisun Bay, California site had 340 ships anchored - today, less than 50 ships remain . The federal Maritime Administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at Suisun Bay, with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017 . The NDRF was established to serve as a reserve of mainly merchant vessels to be activated for national defense and national emergency purposes. The vessels can be activated within 20 days to four months, in order to provide shipping during national emergencies, either military or non-military, such as commercial shipping crises. Throughout its first thirty years, the National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels were activated to help transporting coal and grains in times of shortage, and ships were brought in during the Korean War, the 1961 Berlin crisis and the Vietnam War. After the fall of Saigon in 1975, the National Defense Reserve Fleet was augmented by the Ready Reserve Fleet (RFF) to provide for military emergencies. Since then, ships have been activated to support U.S. troops and transport cargo in the Gulf War in 1990 and aided in several humanitarian disasters in the new millennium. In 2005, four National Defense Reserve Fleet ships were used for relief operations in the aftermath of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and five years later, six were used in the wake of the devastating earthquake  in Haiti. Its most recent operation took place in the wake of Hurricane Sandy in 2012, when two National Defense Reserve Fleet training vessels were called in. As of April 30, 2014, only 122 vessels are left in the NDRF, and their numbers are reducing still. Zombie ship: One of the ships moored in Suisun Bay, California is covered in rust, slowly eating up the once-gray paint . No life: Long years of neglect and disuse have turned the ships into near wrecks, with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals . The ships, jokily known as the 'Mothball Fleet' is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart, creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets .
Expat: Detectives are investigating the killing of David King (pictured), a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham, east London, who retired to Normandy . A fight over stolen vegetables may have led to a British expat being murdered and dumped at the bottom of a well, French police fear. The macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of David King, a 70-year-old pensioner from Newham, east London, who retired to Normandy 15 years ago. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres, south-west of Caen, and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder. The alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area. Now prosecutor Carole Etienne has said that Mr King, a keen gardener, may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables. Ms Etienne, who is leading the police enquiry, said: ‘Among the vague attempts at an explanation given by the accused, we are looking at the possibility of a fight over the theft of foodstuffs. ‘In one night, a whole plot of leeks might disappear. One person saw four rabbits vanishing overnight.’ Ms Etienne added: ‘People were getting more and more angry, and some were even threatening to defend their plots with shotguns’. Neighbours of Mr King, who was hugely proud of his vegetable garden, told Le Parisien newspaper that a description of the thief corresponds to the alleged murderer. Discovery: In February, Mr King's car, a Renault Scenic (above) was found parked in Vire, a nearby town, but there was no sign of any body . Family and neighbours of Mr King have attacked detectives for allowing his suspected murderer to remain at large for six months. Interpol, the international police organisation, had initially refused to open a missing person’s enquiry. Instead they believed Mr King had travelled to Australia to see his daughter, Sandie Ray. Mr King had been living in France for 15 years . Ms Ray, who lives in Perth, Australia, said her father’s passport details had been mixed up with another David King, who had indeed travelled to Australia from France. She said this was known by November last year, but ‘the French authorities still hadn’t been formally notified of this via Interpol until approximately three months later’. Ms Ray said a quicker enquiry would have avoided ‘lots of anxiety and frustration for our family and dads friends.’ John King, Mr King’s son, who lives in Brighton, East Sussex, said the botched investigation had been a ‘bureaucratic nightmare’ for all concerned. Other expats living in the area said it was ‘hugely frightening’ to have a suspected murderer living in their midst while the operation went on. ‘This is an isolated part of the world, and everyone is potentially vulnerable to attack,’ said one. ‘Detectives should have worked out what was going on far quicker. The slow speed of the enquiry was unacceptable.' In February, Mr King's car, a Renault Scenic was found parked in Vire, a nearby town, but there was no sign of any body.
Family and friends who travelled from around the world for an Australian bride's wedding instead face having to attend her funeral after she was allegedly murdered just a week before her big day. Stephanie Scott, 26, was due marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday. But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body, leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements. Scroll down for video . Friends and family of murdered Stephanie Scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day, but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder . 'So in love': Stephanie Scott, pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley, was last seen on Easter Sunday . Mystery disappearance: Ms Scott's car was found by police on Thursday, 7km outside of the town of Griffith . The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East. For days, the sisters of the missing bride-to-be posted desperate Facebook messages asking friends and strangers if anyone had seen her. But on Thursday morning, as it emerged 24-year-old cleaner Vincent Stanford had been charged with her murder, the pleas for help turned to heartbreaking tributes. 'Always and forever in our hearts. That he can't take away from us,' posted Robyn Scott, along with a photo of Stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard. 'That's ours to keep forever and always.' Family say the English and drama teacher was 'so in love' ahead of what would have been one of the happiest days of her life before she vanished on Easter Sunday. Murdered Stephanie Scott's sister Robyn posted a tribute along with a photo of Stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . Stephanie's Facebook profile photo shows her on a wine tour in Canberra last month for her hen party. She was smiling and wearing a veil and 'Bride-to-be' sash after she got engaged to Aaron in Thailand, sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family. In the weeks before she disappeared, she was also anticipating the arrival of her sister Kim Scott who was flying in from Abu Dhabi to attend her big day. 'Righto Stephanie, I'm about to board my flight. I'm expecting good news when I switch my phone on in Sydney. I love you. Xxx,' she posted on Facebook. But after arriving in Perth and while making her way to Sydney on Monday, she got the devastating news that her younger sister had gone missing. Her family knew there was no way Stephanie had got 'cold feet' and her sister said 'she just wouldn't run away'. Stephanie Scott is pictured here in Canberra last month on a wine tour for her hen's party with her mother Merrilyn . Stephanie got engaged to Aaron in Thailand, sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family . On Wednesday, Ms Scott's fiancé thanked people for their 'outstanding' support in trying to find her . Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher . Kim told Daily Mail Australia that Stephanie had spent the Easter weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti. She also sent a text message a month before her April 11 wedding date saying she was 'so freakin excited'. 'She spent [Saturday] shopping for her honeymoon. She'd driven to Griffith in the morning to get cuff links for the boys, and a bikini for the honeymoon,' Kim said. Ms Scott was set to wed Mr Leeson-Woolley, at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue in Eugowra, a tiny town in the Central West region of New South Wales, this Saturday. Stephanie was last seen at her workplace, Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. She was at the school to organise work for her students to do while she was away. Stephanie had texted Aaron at 10am about her plans for the morning and got a pair of keys from a school colleague at 11am, but when he tried to call her at midday there was no answer. Ms Scott (left) pictured with her sister Kim Scott (right) who said she spent Sunday morning picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti . A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was 'so freakin excited' Family had travelled from all over the world to western NSW for her wedding this Saturday. From left are family members Robert, Stuart, Gordon, Stephanie, Robyn, Kim and Merrilyn . At 12.59pm on Sunday afternoon, she sent an e-mail from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday. That was her last known activity. On Sunday afternoon, Aaron - who had been visiting his parents in Canowindra three and a half hours away - was due to meet Stephanie for dinner in Leeton at 7pm ,but she never showed up. He told the ABC: 'I've been with her for five years and... [her disappearance is] just out of the blue, out of character for her. 'It is the worst thing I have ever been through. You can't eat and you can't sleep,' mother Merrilyn Scott told AAP on Wednesday. 'I think today, if we don't find her today... you can't let yourself think about it but you do.' Their wedding was planned to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town of Eugowra . Kim Scott said her sister had designed the invitations and handmade pots for the reception table placements . Her family have now begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling arrangements for the wedding and have joined friends in search surrounding roads in and around Leeton. 'It's cold and we are running out of days,' Mrs Scott said. Her parents, who should have been preparing for her wedding then changed their plans to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter. While police still don't know her whereabouts, her car has now been found 7km outside of Griffith and police are searching nearby waterways for her body. Police still do not know the whereabouts of 26-year-old Ms Scott, who was last seen at  Leeton High School . Family say the 26-year-old is 'so in love' with her fiancé and quickly shot down speculation she had cold feet . A Department of Education spokesman said counselling is being made available to Leeton High School staff, and will be offered to students on the students' return to school . They have also arrested Vincent Stanford who is expected to appear before Griffith Local Court later today charged with Ms Scott's murder. On Wednesday, police released an image of the car Stephanie was travelling in, a red Mazda 3 sedan with the NSW registration BZ-19-CD. Police are asking for anyone who may have seen an older model, white Toyota Hilux space-cab 2WD with a canopy  travelling in or around Leeton since Sunday to come forward with information. Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Griffith Police on 6969 4310. Ms Scott's sister Kim had flown to Australia from Abu Dhabi for the wedding, only to learn of her disappearance when she arrived . Her sister Kim (centre) said she Ms Scott (right) the weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti with her fiance (left) Saturday April 4: Stephanie Scott drives 45 minutes to nearby Griffith to pick up cuff links for the groomsmen and a bikini for her honeymoon to Tahiti . Saturday 1pm: A friend sees Ms Scott at Woolworths in Leeton . Saturday 7pm: Ms Scott talks to her sister Robyn on the phone for 55 minutes, expressing how excited she is about her upcoming wedding . Sunday 10am: She texts her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley to tell him about her plans for the morning . Sunday 11am: Ms Scott meets a colleague at her workplace - Leeton High School - to pick up a set of keys . Sunday midday: Mr Leeson-Woolley tries to call Ms Scott but she does not answer . Sunday 12.59pm: Ms Scott sends an email from the school to the bus company she has hired for her wedding . Sunday 7pm: Ms Scott fails to show up for a planned dinner date with her fiancé in Leeton . Monday 3pm: Mr Leeson-Woolley reports to police that Ms Scott is missing . Monday 4pm: Family members start posting on Facebook asking for help in locating Ms Scott . Tuesday 11.54am: 48 hours after she was last seen, police appeal for public assistance to locate Ms Scott, saying they are investigating the circumstances surrounding her disappearance . Tuesday afternoon: Police door knock houses in the area surrounding Leeton High School . Tuesday night: Police search the school . Wednesday 8.37am: Ms Scott's sister Kim, who fears her car may have rolled of the road, asks public to help search along roads in the area . Wednesday 11.12am: Police release an image of a car similar to Ms Scott's missing red Mazda 3 sedan . Wednesday afternoon: Family hire a helicopter to search the area for her car . Wednesday 7.30pm: Police arrest a 24-year-old man at his home on Maiden Avenue in Leeton. He is expected to be charged with Ms Scott's murder . Ms Scott was last seen at her workplace, Leeton High School (pictured), about 11am Easter Sunday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale, and it's larger than Israel. According to the ABC, the largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it's bigger than Israel . It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment . All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way. Other stations for sale in Queensland include Durham Downs, Durrie, Glengyle, Morney Plains, Naryilco and Rockybank. Western Australia offers Innamincka, Macumba and Tungali in South Australia; Helen Springs in the Northern Territory and Ruby Plains. 'This is a world class asset of international significance,' rural valuer from Colliers International, Alex Thamm said. S. Kidman and Co are a family business with a headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff . In total, the stations cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle between them . 'With cattle prices, our trade agreements with Asia and the low Australian dollar, it is a very good time to be selling the Kidman business.' Mr Thamm explains that an offer like this is extremely rare, especially since the business has been kept through generations of the same family. 'To offer this property, walk-in walk-out inclusive of the cattle, plant and equipment, and the business generally, is a good move in the market place,' he said. S. Kidman and Co's headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff. The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia's exports. The sale is being handled by Ernst and Young Adelaide.
It was heralded as the world’s oldest musical instrument; a bone with two holes in it seemingly made by Neanderthals to serenade their companions. But now a study says it’s not an instrument at all - but rather, simply a bone chewed by hyenas and left in a cave. The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and, in fact, all such ‘instruments’ attributed to Neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals. A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. The bone is shown here, believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe, on show in Ljubljana. The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia . The latest analysis was conducted by Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences. In a paper published in the Royal Society of Open Science, he took a look at several ‘musical instruments’ that had been attributed to Neanderthals. Neanderthals may have created and worn the world's first jewellery 130,000 years ago, according to scientists. Researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Krapina in Croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet. The claws bear multiple cut marks, notches and signs that they had been polishing by the Neanderthals that once inhabited the site where they were found. Anthropologists at the University Kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in Europe. The findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as. One in particular, the Divje Babe Flute, is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument. The cave bear femur, pierced with two holes, was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia. Dr Diedrich said analysis of the bone shows the holes are teeth marks, and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed. In most caves, carnivore damage like this can be seen in about 20 per cent of animal remains and 80 per cent of bear cub remains. But while adult remains were often ‘crushed to pieces’, bear cubs often had certain patterns like this. ‘These are not instruments, nor human made, but products of the most important cave bear scavengers of Europe, hyenas,’ Dr Diedrich wrote. ‘Hyenas left bones in repeating similar tooth mark and crush damage stages, demonstrating a butchering/bone cracking strategy. ‘Hyenas produced round-oval puncture marks in cub femora only by the bone-crushing premolar teeth of both upper and lower jaw.’ One instrument in particular, the Divje Babe Flute, is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument. The cave bear femur, pierced with two holes, was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park (shown) near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia . The latest analysis says that many bones found in caves can simply be attributed to animals around 30,000 years ago, rather than Neanderthals. Shown is an exhibit of the life of a Neanderthal family in a cave in the Neanderthal Museum in the northern town of Krapina in Croatia . The first ‘Neanderthal flutes’ were discovered in Slovenia in the 1920s and, since then, many others have been identified. Sadly for those who thought Neanderthals might have played music in this way to one another, though, it seems the earlier analysis may have been wrong. Shown is the 'Divje Babe flute' bear bone, believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe, in the National Museum in Ljubljana . Dr Diedrich derides all the research that has gone into these bones so far. He also points out that there is no evidence on the bones that tools have been used to make the holes, further cementing the idea they were made by hyena teeth. What’s more, he also said that most of the ‘bone flutes’ do not actually date from Neanderthal times - 200,000 to 30,000 years ago. Rather, he says they can more closely be attributed to the Aurignacian culture 38,000 to 29,000 years ago - sometimes said to be the first modern humans in Europe, owing to their grasp of using tools. ‘The “cave bear cub femora with holes” are, in all cases, neither instruments nor human made at all,’ he concludes. ‘All cave bear pseudo-bone flutes are not dated to Neanderthal Middle Palaeolithic Mousterian layers, but instead, if possible to date, to Late Palaeolithic, Aurignacian/Gravettian layers.’ He added: ‘Hyenas left, therefore, “pseudo-bone flutes” during the Late Middle to Late Pleistocene all over Europe in cave bear dens, and on different cave bear species/subspecies. ‘This is known due to lack of breakage on most of the cave bear cub femora, which generally show additional diagonal zigzag margins (from chewing joints by scissor teeth of hyenas) or have triangular or smaller scratch tooth marks.’
