general motors has unveiled the chevrolet - fnr car ( shown ) .   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   it has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ` dragonfly ' dual swing doors that open upwards .
the 36-year - old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   flames as high as 15 ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole
the worker , who can be seen in a high - vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   immediate action : th clements & son ( pictured ) which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   last night , former poet laureate sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and the highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   neighbors at the winter garden rv resort believe divorce proceedings may have pushed shemansky over the edge
a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .   domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven - year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   but today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .
a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the australian bali nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' .   lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .
but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two - day - old niece zala .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s .   this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   as his wigan side beat warrington 30 - 20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six - month ban .
armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage ( file picture ) paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   the 26-year - old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs at newcastle crown court ( pictured )
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   he created the easter feast challenge to celebrate the gluttony of easter .
brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   but the ruling - the result of a five - year investigation into the american search giant -- means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi - billion pound fines to brussels .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year - old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .
what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as martin fletcher has done with his book fifty - six , the story of the bradford fire .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 without making allegations against the club 's chairman at the time stafford heginbotham , there is inference by implication in the book -- with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased heginbotham .
rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2 - 1 the 25-year - old is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child
after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   chris christie appeared on the tonight show ( above ) and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream ( above ) fallon brought out for the two to share
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper - violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules . :   a corned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week
rome ( cnn ) the italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of sicily , the italian military said friday .   it said during the operation , rifle shots were accidentally fired , and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured .   italy is a major gateway to europe for migrants from north africa .
it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .   a finger - width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound ( ebus ) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .   doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust ( pictured ) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure
a new episode of mockumentary w1a , to be broadcast later this month , shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on top gear .   the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked .
the sequel to the girl with the dragon tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy the novel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks .   the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best - selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson .   the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors the extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven , standing next to giant statues at the western qing tombs and riding on boats at the summer palace .   the origin of the photos is not known .
a man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station - and then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle .   the 42-year - old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station just before 10 pm on sunday .
doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ` too lazy to have a baby ' .   the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia .   professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia
britain 's five highest - earning nhs dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .   more than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 .   campaigners said the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network ( ukmon ) in portadown , county armagh .   footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea .   ukmon said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between mars and jupiter , would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain .   while in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes -- today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week , rocked a coral two - piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute final 18 seconds of england match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment ... and gave indirect free - kick instead .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills .   floyd mayweather ( left ) vs manny pacquiao in the official advert for their mega - fight on may 2 andre ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on june 20
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states .   but as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .   the worst affected is the suisun bay reserve fleet , where less than 50 ships remain .
expat : detectives are investigating the killing of david king ( pictured ) , a 70-year - old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south - west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year - old frenchman has been charged with his murder .   now prosecutor carole etienne has said that mr king , a keen gardener , may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson - woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday .   friends and family of murdered stephanie scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day , but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder mystery disappearance : ms scott 's car was found by police on thursday , 7 km outside of the town of griffith
the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. .   the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment
the research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals .   a researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   anthropologists at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .
