( cnn ) two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .
a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show , has now written a book about the night .   ms reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the wynn hotel in august 2012 .
justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under - par for the tournament rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 '
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house .   the loving couple met after they separately moved from new york to a trailer park in connecticut , after they lost their homes .
the life of a 16-year - old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .
following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year - old , who scored against leicester on wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the ivory coast and his love for football .
bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns charlie austin ( right ) headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute eduardo vargas ( left ) wheels away to celebrate firing qpr into the lead against west brom with a 25-yard strike
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   there are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open
cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami - based bikini - loving babe says are 100 per cent natural the 21-year - old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian the super - curvy latina is hoping to be cuba 's answer to kim kardashian and has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries
residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .
( cnn ) the victory of a 72-year - old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics .   for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .   the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .
the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .
drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .
the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2 mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' '
here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent england 's first - choice right - back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer
ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   but speaking in the us where he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per - week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   adebayor ( right ) is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino ( centre ) the 31-year - old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs
all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   spanish paper marca ( left ) previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five - goal haul against granada at the weekend over in italy , the papers focus on juventus ' 3 - 0 coppa italia semi - final second leg win over fiorentina
steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium his team were back in the contest and they contributed to a thrilling fa cup semi - final .   but adam federici 's goalkeeping error enabled arsenal to regain the lead in extra time
father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall ( centre left ) and baylee ( centre right ) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican .   this means they have inherited different genes from their parents .
youtube user elman511 cracked open the over - sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it ! '   while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .   he then cracks the smaller egg , which also has a yolk and white inside .
estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property .   mr miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .   under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor ed balls , homeowners with properties worth between # 2million and # 3million will be forced to pay # 3,000 a year in mansion tax .
sunderland midfielder lee cattermole will return to the starting line - up for sunday 's derby clash with newcastle .   head coach dick advocaat has confirmed that cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two - match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season .   newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery .
sofia , the middle child of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight .   sofia abramovich - the daughter of chelsea owner roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity
javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player .   javier hernandez wheels away after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter - final despite his heroics , real are unlikley to take up an option of making the man united star 's loan permanent
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season , according to reports in germany .   klopp has been linked with a move to the barclays premier league and this news will have arsenal and manchester city , among others , on alert .
for the first time in the annals of boxing -- as floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday -- fans will be charged for admission to a weigh - in .   thousands of fans watched ricky hatton and mayweather weigh - in at the mgm grand garden arena mayweather and pacquiao will be required to weigh not more than 10st 7lbs .
chris ramsey praised tony pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with west brom in the premier league ramsey claims pulis ` is one of the best coaches in britain , ' but says that he wo n't be asking for his advice
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system toronto 's cn tower is one of canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions and has been thrilling visitors for nearly 30 years .   visitors must hike more than two miles to access the site , which has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers .
luis suarez torments a less - than - fit david luiz on a night to forget at parc des princes for the brazilian suarez celebrates as he scores a double in barcelona 's 3 - 1 win over psg on wednesday night familiar faces went head - to - head as ex - chelsea defender luiz met ex - liverpool star suarez - keanu reeves ' neo from the matrix films had the words - in french no less - to say it all
luis suarez says he nutmegged paris saint - germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .   the barcelona forward scored a brace in his side 's 3 - 1 win over psg in the champions league quarter final to put the spanish side firmly in control in the tie .   suarez says his the tie is not over despite the two goal lead
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho .   the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737 - 800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .   in statements posted on twitter , jet airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue .
justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ` furious ' with him after a bungled first date .   mrs miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' .   but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has said he hopes burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1 - 0 victory at turf moor .   they have played seven teams at the top of the table in their last eight games .
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer .   the 47-year - old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely .   klopp and dortmund chief executive hans - joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of june after seven successful years at the club .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills they want the uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons the motion calls on the nut to support play for five to seven - year - olds ` to reflect the needs of the children '
wba super - middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr . (   right ) in las vegas but was forced to withdraw with injury froch is still keen to fight in las vegas and would be open to travelling to america to fight chavez
real madrid defender raphael varane captured the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu on wednesday fans greeted the team coach as real arrived for their champions league second leg with atletico madrid javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute against atletico to win the tie
