thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n * * * * * ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   one of the notes , seen by katu , read : ` apes were never meant to drive so stop . '
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken
a row between neighbours over a 40 ft high leylandii hedge ( pictured ) has finally come to and end after 35 years the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house ( pictured )
figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .
jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season arsenal vice - captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year - old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   a spokesman for asda apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund
her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year - old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .   britt mchenry ( left ) has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle ( right ) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage
it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   but for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street , like michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self - esteem and happiness .
it was only 10 minutes into the hour - long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   mayoral candidate nelson diaz quickly came to abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   she sat out the rest of the debate
chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted
the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti - women , anti - gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films he later confirmed he would be talking on the programme , where he said the franchise was full of social problems
twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one - off cull of isis - affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .   a 12-year - old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft
islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . '   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in march 2013
on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '
former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i ' ve ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team - mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007 - 08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk
a four - poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .   the intricately - carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .
that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year - old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side .
the 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   not getting in : bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to watch drake 's performance on sunday
using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap aoki runs the waterloo , australia - based dog training company positive dog care
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick - off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter - final against bangladesh .   kamal , also president of the bangladesh cricket board , criticised the umpires in the quarter - final , and questioned their partiality , over a disputed no - ball against india batsman rohit sharma .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   simon has always wanted to be a chef - when he was eight , he won the opportunity to spend a day in a hotel kitchen and featured in the local newspaper .
a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message .   matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .
the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   images of the leaflet banning nike clothing was shared online by the activist group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who translated it from arabic .
lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr .   jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set - top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 ( # 9.90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
the 38-year - old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two - year - old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin ( left ) was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three - year - old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday it is just a few days after abedin and clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an iowa branch of fast food favorite chipotle .
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   the 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile dundee no 1 bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan .   jake mcpake wheels away in celebration as helps dundee earn first derby win in over a decade
that 's a wrap - mercedes - benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood - inspired sirens ' call presentation .   bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including maticevski and michael lo sordo .
matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix
finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run - up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets .   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   perry pulls out of presenting : acclaimed designer alex perry opts out of showing at this year 's mbfwa this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades .
more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .
ahead of sunday 's fa cup semi - final against aston villa at wembley , rodgers indicated it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club to reach the status of either liverpool or manchester united .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract
the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth charity bite - back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20 kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption
heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport
wheelchair - bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two - and - a - half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   blasted : judge nicholas cooke qc ( left ) blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc ( right ) for ` taking his eye off the ball ' when he sentenced christopher starrs in january this year
froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week there is the possibility of paul smith - andre ward in the pipeline , anthony dirrell versus badou jack for the wbc world title and andre dirrell 's ibf world title fight against james degale , which is the biggest bout of this trio .
eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .   the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra - terrestrial life .
torin lakeman , 19 ( left ) , and brother jacques , 20 ( right ) , died in a pub in manchester after consuming ecstasy they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web ' the brothers were found dead in a room above this pub after going to watch manchester united play a game against hull at old trafford in december last year coroner alan walsh today said he was concerned at the ease with which the boys bought the lethal drugs , adding he would be writing to the home secretary
gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter - final replay with blackburn because of suspension reds legend robbie fowler , pictured with kenny dalglish , says liverpool 's players must not focus on gerrard liverpool forward raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a - week deal to stay at anfield
swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov .   sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week .   no benefits : a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government - supplied stipends at strip clubs , among a laundry list of other places partisan : kansas republican gov .   sam brownback ( center ) is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from democrats
( the hollywood reporter ) richard dysart , the emmy - winning actor who portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long - running nbc drama " l.a .   law , " has died .   for playing the founder of the firm mckenzie , brackman , chaney and kuzak , dysart was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years , finally winning the trophy in 1992 .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65 ft high walls the snowy phenomenon can be seen on the winding track of murodo in japan from april under it melts in the summer over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910,000 last year
the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home .   mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .   mr keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia .
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby they discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl the owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal 's fencing was damaged due to severe storms
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula ( aqap ) before he was jailed by yemeni officials .   two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .   rebels : yemen 's president fled to saudi arabia after houthi rebels launched an attack on his palace in the capital sana'a
the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .   the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast .   dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges .
the emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out .   defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .   the 500ft - long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea .
in 2008 , naomi jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old .   naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life miss jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .
a prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing .   michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t .   mcgarr in 1980 .   the new evidence proved that hanline was innocent and the longest - serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november .
at least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to google maps .   a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely .   it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia
then more ominously on december 23 last year , computers at the country 's nuclear operator were breached .   and south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .   the 2013 attack , known as " dark seoul , " paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean .
this is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey chinese tower block .   police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her .   video footage captured the moment fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time
a three - judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 .   former first lady maureen mcdonnell , left , was sentenced to a year and a day star scientific ceo jonnie williams testified under an immunity deal , admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his ` miracle cure ' anatabloc product
brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said .   the shooter is in custody at the lacey police station .   scene : a 16-year - old student walked into the commons , pictured , on monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses .
the firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook 's site .   tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .   tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more .
brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   defense denied : a judge ruled wednesday that attorneys for brett robinson , 33 , waited too long to file an insanity defense , ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient charged : robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at washing county jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship it suspected of conducting illegal fishing near the island of sao tope , off the gabon coast .   the thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled .   charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa
guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ` triumphalist ' way -- to avoid upsetting the french .   invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 .   but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .
three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on .   jackson byrnes is just under $ 4,000 away from achieving his $ 80,000 target a teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence .   this week the 55-year - old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal .   hakaoro took $ 3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status .
86-year - old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22 the shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection .   daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & other stories collection alongside the customised shoes
military and aid flights have priority , and a few military planes -- indian military planes -- were going in , trying to bring in aid .   you can see some structural damage to buildings .   temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .
a young waitress has claimed that england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub .   the 18-year - old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a - week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .   the 28-year - old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .
manhattan - based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long - term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring .   risky regimen : to get skin laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner
rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4 - 0 win over raith rovers .   hibs had secured a win over hearts in the edinburgh derby in the earlier kick - off and the light blues knew they had to respond .   they bounced back from thursday 's defeat by queen of the south , with nicky clark and haris vuckic claiming a goal apiece and nicky law grabbing a double .
angela spent many years wearing high heel shoes but a worrying new study by researchers in the u.s .   suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built - in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .   some women need invasive knee replacement surgery .
the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point .   instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .   blunder : charity runners taking part in yesterday 's bournemouth bay 10k run ( pictured ) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two - mile detour
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .   following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .
but gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family .   zella jackson price ( pictured ) , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died .   melanie diane gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life - saving supplies and equipment to yemen , where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran - backed shi'ite houthis .   the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen .   the icrc is aiming to get 48 tonnes of medical supplies into yemen by plane .
he is accused of shooting 44-year - old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south .   at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court - appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .   kicked out : kenneth stancil is removed from a wayne county courtroom in goldsboro , north carolina on thursday after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother
arrest : tabitha bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida .   bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said .
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey ahead of his bout vs floyd mayweather the 36-year - old also posted a photo thanking nba legend karl malone ( centre left ) for visiting him at the gym pacquiao 's trainer , freddie roach , believes his man is ready to beat mayweather in las vegas on may 2
alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august .   as he was escorted from the courtroom , he screamed : ` you ' ve sentenced me to life and i sent them to death ' , while the judge called the brutal double - murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .   vuozzo was two years old when his older sister , cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .
but at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration -- as pledged by the tories -- would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .   ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' .   the conservatives accused mr farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' -- but mr farage has denied his party has made any u - turns on immigration
the 1954 bentley r - type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 - a record for the auction house .   the rare bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years but when it is ready , it could be worth more than # 1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer .
a militant group which opposes both isis and the syrian regime has released a striking video showing off 1,700 troops , fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in an impressive military parade .   these men form a small part of jaysh al - islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria .   powerful : the group , who are allegedly being funded by saudi arabia , show of a fleet of armoured tanks ( pictured ) during the graduation ceremony for its recruits
now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .   the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   the find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans .
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3 lb .   kim callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight before her weight loss kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10
