anuradha koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .   pushpa basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .   seven other cnn heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
students from the university of surrey discovered thousands of colonies .   they submerged coins and notes in agar to accelerate growth pf bacteria .   most were harmless on the money , but one caused boils and spots .   previous studies have revealed mrsa bacteria on notes and coins .
danilo this week agreed to join real madrid in the summer for # 23million .   transfer will take total raised from player sales to # 440 m since 2004 .   james rodriguez , pepe and radamel falcao among those sold by porto .   click here for all the latest real madrid news .
dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry in vegas .   carrie reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a * * ' .   the 43-year - old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .   kensington palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , has been accused of harassment .   referred to her neighbors as ` n * * * * * ' but insists she is not racist .   one note said : ` there were no [ expletive ] in w.l until you came ' .   victim has said her family may be forced to move as they do n't feel safe .
justin rose finished joint runner - up at the masters 2015 on 14-under - par .   rose 's final total has only been bettered six times at the the masters .   rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .   click here for all the latest news and reaction following the masters .
girl was playing with friend when zbigniew huminski forced her into car .   chloe 's naked body was found in nearby woods an hour - and - a - half later .   prosecutors say there is evidence of ` strangulation and sexual violence ' .   polish immigrant , who was heading to england , has admitted to killing .
pair were left homeless after storms and met in connecticut trailer park .   won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after easter to mark new start .   ` because of sandy i met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner .
cesc fabregas was caught by trailing arm of stoke city ace charlie adam .   former barcelona man picked up the injury during chelsea 's home win .   midfielder adam scored wonder goal during the game but it was n't enough .   fabregas took to instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises .   click here for all the latest chelsea news .
the life of 16-year - old maren sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on saturday by hundreds of people .   i do n't think there 's anything sad about this . .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with sanchez 's murder .
audrey alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .   she claims the 40 ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .   feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .   council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20 ft .
catherine nevin was allowed out despite being jailed for life in april 2000 .   62-year - old was seen on the bus , with a pal and walking around in dublin .   sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed .   ireland 's most infamous female prisoner murdered husband tom in 1996 .
didier drogba given the barclays spirit of the game award .   the 37-year - old 's foundation has done impressive work in africa .   some of chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised # 400,000 .   click here for all the latest chelsea news .
figures from the catholic church show more and more becoming nuns .   the number of women taking holy vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .   but that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .   one father said a ` gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion .
eduardo vargas put qpr ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .   charlie austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , bobby zamora made it three .   victor anichebe pulled one back for west brom before youssouf mulumbu was sent off and joey barton scored .
detroit red wings ' drew miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the ottawa senators .   the massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close , but did not damage miller 's eye .   the red wings lost 2 - 1 but remained in third place in the atlantic division .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .   german boss has enjoyed success with club during seven - year stint .   he has been linked with manchester city , manchester united and arsenal .   per mertesacker says he would like to see klopp in the premier league .
appleinsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .   these include one for an ios battery life software engineer and another for ios software power systems engineer .   apple significantly improved the battery life on its iphone 6 and 6 plus .   but it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day .
tournament performances have restored andy murray to world no 3 .   but it 's wedding to kim sears that takes murray 's no 1 spot this week .   murray is due to marry fiancée sears in dunblane this coming saturday .   there are believed to be well over 100 names on down - to - earth guest list .
paula dunican paid # 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda .   when she took it home she noticed a ` seeping ' stain on the back of coat .   she then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining .   the supermarket has apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund .
ronnie carroll placed fourth in the eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 .   he died in london two days ago , aged 80 , following a battle with cancer .   mr carroll was running in the general election for hampstead and kilburn .   he remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
mchenry , 28 , berated single mother gina michelle for towing her car .   she insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .   espn suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .   but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , designed new app bump 2 breast .   came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , lola , now three months .   says her and husband david felt like ` rabbits in headlights ' at first .   also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
harley street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery .   patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives .   michael , 33 , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .   andrea , 72 , pays for a facelift - but her husband ca n't tell the difference .
general motors unveiled their concept car at an event in shanghai .   chevrolet - fnr has ` dragonfly ' swing doors and ` crystal laser headlights ' .   it is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   and using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes .
candidate lynne abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it 's never happened before .   while a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74-year - old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .
bundles of notes spilled onto interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .   passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road .   motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash .   police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested .
godfrey elfwick recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say .   came after claims he had never seen the star wars franchise before .   on the show he described the films as both anti - women and anti - gay .   also said that darth vader was a black man and a ` really bad racial stereotype ' .
cuban - born kathy ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .   bikini - loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .   miami - based party girl is hoping to become next kim kardashian .   has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .
thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week .   twitter said it had received numerous reports about terror - promoting users .   decided to suspend 10,000 accounts for making threats of violence .   suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by ` hacktavist ' collective anonymous targeting online jihadis .
locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .   they also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of good friday .   group seen returning to scene on saturday - a day after initial break - in .   police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on friday .
shiraz nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .   the fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .   incredibly no - one was hurt in the incident after nawaz evacuated the area .
ao nang princess 5 ferry was in andaman sea on way from resort of krabi .   was five miles from the coast travelling to phuket when engine exploded .   35-metre - long boat caught fire around 3.30 pm before sinking around 6 pm .   passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .   no injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl .
the worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .   field owner th clements & son was alerted and the man was sacked .   passer - by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting ' .   tesco : vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
tim stanley : muhammadu buhar won nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . .   he says jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of boko haram . .
bulgaria 's black sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in italy , spain and turkey .   researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket ' .   cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .   its most popular resort of sunny beach copies those of spain and greece .
warning : graphic content .   series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria .   man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land .   he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver .   it is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ` blasphemer ' .
denise and glen higgs thought they 'd never have children .   he was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried ivf .   couple from of braunton , devon , had mazy , born three years ago .   tried again using the same batch and had twins carter & carson last week .
speed camera discovered pointing at house in handsworth , birmingham .   fixed cameras switched off across the west midlands in spring of 2013 .   site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology .   obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
charles terreni , 18 , was found dead march 18 at a frat house in columbia .   terreni was a usc freshman and a member of the pi kappa alpha house .   coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning .   toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .   neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside .
air strikes were launched by saudi forces a month ago against rebels .   saudi forces have focused on beating back shiite houthi rebels in yemen .   prince alwaleed bin talal pledged bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .   he made pledge on wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
brawl at spring gardens station in philadelphia was captured on cctv .   fight involved students from nearby benjamin franklin high school .   at one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .   after the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
paul and laura elliott met half way round at st katharine docks .   ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .   pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .   returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .   raised # 7,000 for cancer research in honour of paul 's father .
nasr bitar spotted google street view car driving around last autumn .   decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .   sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in mississauga .   picture of nasr 's selfie and the street view image shared 2.9 million times .
rory mcilroy bidding to win his first masters title this week at augusta .   the northern irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in georgia .   mcilroy looking for third straight major victory after winning the open and uspga championship last year .   one direction star niall horan caddied for mcilroy in wednesday 's par-3 contest .
danny higginbotham covers his time under roy keane in his new book .   he played for keane 's sunderland during the 2007 - 08 season .   keane told his players ` basically you 're s * * * ' before a game with aston villa .   he also told one player he was ` not f * * * * * * good enough ' to play for the club .
four - poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for # 2,200 .   owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating .   historian now claims dna from the timber proves it belonged to henry vii .   ornate bed , now on display , was made for king and wife elizabeth of york .
attorney : robert bates assumed the gun was a taser because he saw a laser sight on it .   harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and taser used .   in 2009 , an officer in california also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a taser .
singer arrived at artists ' entrance to gain entry to drake 's gig .   security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .   a row erupted and a coachella staffer tried to get bieber into the gig .   but festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
sir philip carter died at his home on thursday morning after a short illness .   carter served everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .   toffees chairman bill kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader ' .
border collies ace and holly were caught on camera performing a gravity - defying feat together .   the two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer dai aoki .   they have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
dayna dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .   she loves tv , film and fashion , and says she 's not happy with how people with disabilities are represented .   the teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
manchester united take on manchester city on sunday .   match will begin at 4 pm local time at united 's old trafford home .   police have no objections to kick - off being so late in the afternoon .   last late afternoon weekend kick - off in the manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at wembley in 2011 fa cup semi - final .
kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no - ball against rohit sharma in india 's world cup match with bangladesh .   the bangladeshi president alleged india had used its influence in the icc .   governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .   but kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on may 2 .   joe calzaghe believes mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden .   despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent .   read : ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight .   read : floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale .
winchester council in hampshire claimed annual clean - up hit by new rules .   but the health and safety executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   father - of - four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .   the award - winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette .
swansea 's gerhard tremmel in goal behind the free agents ' 4 - 4 - 2 .   glen johnson , kolo toure , ron vlaar and luke garbutt at the back .   james milner , mikel arteta , tom cleverley and jonas gutierrez in midfield .   burnley 's danny ings and manchester united 's james wilson up front .
michigan high school students mikenzy snell and matt pliska who has down syndrome , made plans to go to their junior prom together last year .   for their prom picture , the pair held up a sign which read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' .   the sign references the fact that people with down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son saturday .   that same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden , florida .   michael shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
bayern munich beat porto 6 - 1 in the champions league on tuesday .   pep guardiola 's side progressed 7 - 4 on aggregate to reach semi - finals .   thomas muller scored 27th champions league goal to pass mario gomez .   muller is now the leading german scorer in the competition .   after game muller led the celebrations with supporters using a megaphone .
domenico rancadore given a seven - year sentence by italian court in 1999 .   he was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .   in february the sicilian mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to italy .   today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired in october last year .
baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   the pup was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .   many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable ' .
jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing nike products .   ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a greek goddess .   commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in arabic .   those living under isis are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words .
lorraine bracco was asked by the sopranos creator to be carmela .   the actress turned him down because she played a mobster 's wife in martin scorsese 's goodfellas in 1990 .   convinced showrunner david chase to let her play the role of dr .   jennifer melfi .
kevin carr set off on his epic journey from haytor , dartmoor in july 2013 .   he is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .   mr carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .   he is set to break the previous record held by an australian by 24 hours .
david axelrod masterminded two obama presidential election victories .   he was hired by labour leader ed miliband amid great fanfare last year .   revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in uk .   labour confirms it pays mr axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
hbo is the us network behind game of thrones and the sopranos .   service is available on apple tv and ios exclusively for three months .   apple has also cut the price of apple tv system from $ 99 ( # 65 ) to $ 69 .
huma abedin came under fire for not tipping at chipotle in iowa .   she is hillary clinton 's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign .   on saturday , she and husband anthony weiner went for mexican lunch .   it is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing .
gary fell from 147th most popular british name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 .   reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .   meanwhile , names including dexter and jenson are now in the top 100 .
leanne mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .   andrea begley and jermain jackman are yet to become household names .   will 2015 winner stevie become a chart success or another voice flop ? .
romanian - born alexandra harra , 28 , has become an instagram star .   model , who 's posed for playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages .   after dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to kim kardashian .
nadir ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper scott bain .   however , ciftci was left blushing as rivals earned impressive victory .   win gave hosts dundee their first derby win in more than a decade .   goals from greg stewart , jake mcpake and paul heffernen secured win .
mercedes - benz fashion week australia 2015 came to a close on thursday night in sydney .   stand - out shows included maticevski , romance was born , tome , steven khalil and johanna johnson .   sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends .
lindsay sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .   andrew chan and myuran sukumaran killed after a final kfc bucket meal .   the 58-year - old has been on death row in bali since 2012 .   she was convicted of attempting to smuggle # 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 .
abby bishop took in her two - day - old niece zala in august 2013 .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .   bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .   zala will go with her when she starts playing in the u.s .   wnba in may .
one pro cycling preparing to take on team sky and sir bradley wiggins .   tour de yorkshire runs over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   prior 's team and yorkshire race inspired by tour de france grand depart .
woman reported ` someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel .   another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ` bleeding ' .   east of england ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .
ben flower returned from his six - month ban on thursday night .   wales forward made first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final .   27-year - old received a brilliant reception during 's wigan 's 30 - 20 victory against warrington .
inspired by the aesthetic of the belle epoque era , the jacques garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .   a mix of arabian and napoleon iii decor , the pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear .   also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
steven finn was left out of the england squad for the west indies tour .   the middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .   finn said he 's back to bowling like he was as ' a carefree 21-year - old ' .   his last of 23 test caps came for england back in 2013 .
paul armstrong flew to cyprus to celebrate new job as it project manager .   was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .   pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .   26-year - old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years .
australian fashion designer alex perry wo n't show at this year 's mbfwa .   the designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .   this will be the designer 's second mbfwa he has missed in two decades .   perry is now focusing on global expansion in asia and middle east .
an indiana public school performance of american pie ended in tragedy wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on - stage .   more than a dozen people were injured at the westfield high performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .   students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
manchester city have been linked with summer move for raheem sterling .   sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .   brendan rodgers says a move to city would not be step up for sterling .   indicating it will take the manchester club 20 years to eclipse liverpool .
up to one in five chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .   charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested .   loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into uk for personal consumption .
two types of cereal in an easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .   served at black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   ` easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner olly taylor said .
the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy .   it could fine google more than # 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .   brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .   google boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .
phil smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .   but teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .   he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .   parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school .
emmanuel adebayor 's current tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .   the striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5.2 million salary before accepting a move out of white hart lane .   togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
john helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .   he gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .   ` from everything i have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says helm .
rory mcilroy faced with fifty shades of grey 's jamie dornan .   mcilroy and dornan took part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .   mcilroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the masters .   read : it wo n't be too long before mcilroy wins a masters .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream fallon brought out for the two to share .   when asked if he would run for president , christie said ; ` i ' ve got a day job which keeps me busy ' .
qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using heathrow .   the airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport .   they are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38,000 for every flight that 's late .   qantas blamed air congestion at heathrow and dubai airports .
christopher starrs was spared jail in an ` act of mercy ' by judge in january .   but senior judge has now said his colleague took ` his eye off the ball ' .   nicholas cooke qc said wheelchair - bound starrs should have been jailed .   but added starrs should thank his lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand .
real madrid thrashed granada 9 - 1 in la liga at the weekend .   cristiano ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .   real travel to rayo vallecano in a madrid derby on wednesday night .   juventus won 3 - 0 at fiorentina to reach the coppa italia final on tuesday .
kevin pietersen was sacked by england 14 months ago after ashes defeat .   batsman scored 170 on his county cricket return for surrey last week .   pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the england side this year .   but andrew flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career .
if carl froch does n't fight in 2015 i ' m not sure he 'll be back at all .   a blockbuster with james degale is most likely after julio cesar chavez jnr defeat - but anthony dirrell has made contact .   scott quigg - carl frampton summer fight is dead in the water .
clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of shortandy .   the perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes .   eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on youtube .   while some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .
incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .   in total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - mara salvatrucha .   the gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
reading lost 2 - 1 against arsenal in fa cup semi - final at wembley .   royals took much fancied gunners to extra - time after 1 - 1 draw .   steve clarke will take strength from impressive reading display .
england drew 1 - 1 with italy in an international friendly in turin on tuesday .   their flight home after the game was delayed due to a technical problem .   but the team arrived safely in manchester on wednesday lunchtime .   roy hodgson 's players will now return to their clubs ahead of the weekend .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it online .   ` poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ` food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said .   the school nutrition association does n't think michelle obama 's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
italian navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers .   boat was being steered towards libyan port of misrata .   italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injured .
torin lakeman , 19 , died in december last year with brother jacques , 20 .   torin had bought ecstasy via dark web in order to ` have a good weekend ' .   but pair took massive overdose and were found dead in pub in manchester .   today coroner said he was ` frightened ' by use of dark web to buy drugs .
rebecca horton , 28 , and curtis martin , 24 , had twins kendall and baylee .   girls are non - identical , meaning they do not share the same set of dna .   this means their physical characteristics and genders can vary .   however , having such contrasting skin tones is still extremely rare .
the # 3.7 million structure is the longest skywalk in the world beating one at the grand canyon by five metres .   the cantilevered platform in chongqing offers visitors a 720 degree view of the canyon below .   glass platforms and transparent barriers mean people get an unobstructed view of the natural beauty spot .
liverpool face blackburn in an fa cup quarter - final replay on wednesday .   the fa cup final could be steven gerrard 's last game for the club .   robbie fowler insists liverpool 's players must not focus on gerrard .   raheem sterling should remain at anfield , according to fowler .
a court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via facebook .   danny cevallos : why not let people be found via social media ? .
when tumours in lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests .   some even need surgery to find out before lifesaving treatment can begin .   now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner after single procedure .   it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
england manager roy hodgson appears to still not know his best xi .   sportsmail 's top team of reporters reveal their england euro 2016 line - ups .   england are currently top of euro 2016 qualifying group e on 15 points .
the bbc has made light of clarkson fracas in a comedy programme .   it shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word ` tosser ' .   the episode was filmed last july , but the narration has been tweaked .
` temporary assistance for needy families ' funds can buy goods and services beyond food and necessities intended by program 's designers .   tattoos , manicures , lingerie , jewelry , movie tickets , cruises and pornography will also be off the list if gov .   sam brownback signs a bill .   republicans in kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $ 25 per day in cash withdrawals with their government - issued welfare debit cards .   democrats say it 's mean - spirited and will make welfare enrollees think they 're ` less ' valuable ` than other people ' .   brownback 's administration has shrunk the tanf rolls by 60 per cent since 2011 ; the law would also force recipients to try to find work .
unusual egg was captured on camera by us youtube user elman511 .   shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside .   phenomenon is caused when an oocyte - which becomes a yolk - is released too soon and merges with an earlier egg that has n't been laid .
richard dysart best known for leland mckenzie in " l.a .   law " .   dysart had many tv and film roles , including spots in " being there " and " the thing " .   actor won drama desk award for performance in theatrical " that championship season " .
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls .   the 1000 ft section can be walked by visitors , and usually draws a million tourists every year .   the snowy section is part of a 37 km route , with sights such as kurobe dam and the hida mountains on the way .
louise shepherd , 31 , killed in bolivia while on round - the - world trip .   ms shepherd died after a tree fell on her during a jungle tour .   recently worked at kingston university , but left in order to travel .
estate agents are offering a ` cameron price ' and a lower ` miliband price ' .   labour will introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million .   the prospect is alarming wealthy buyers who are demanding a discount .   some buyers are waiting until after the election to complete purchases .
mitchell keenan and his father keith were evicted from their family home .   they were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill .   mr keenan 's toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated .   warning graphic content .
newcastle take on liverpool on monday night at anfield .   the magpies have not won away at liverpool since 1994 .   newcastle have lost their last four games scoring just one goal .   john carver 's side nine points clear of relegation zone in 13th place .
ipswich denied three points as wolves fight back to draw 1 - 1 on saturday .   manager mick mccarthy hails qualities of ` horrible bunch ' of players .   richard stearman 's own goal had given ipswich an early lead at molineux .   but benik afobe equalised on 50 minutes with close - range volley .
a kangaroo has been found hopping through a field in bruhl , germany .   german police initially believed the report was an april fools day prank .   after realising the caller was serious they found the beast in a nearby field .   the owners later called police when the animal returned to it 's enclosure .   it is suspected that the it 's fencing was damaged after severe storms .
khalid saeed batarfi was freed from a yemeni prison by al - qaeda this week .   terrorist commander was today pictured inside mukalla governor 's palace .   he was seen pretending to be on the telephone as he wielded an ak-47 .   batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .
the girl in the spider 's web is fourth installment in stieg larsson 's series .   written and translated on computers with no web connection to avoid leaks .   plot kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a u.s .   spy agency .
lee cattermole returns from suspension for sunderland .   but black cats without injured defender wes brown through a knee injury .   knee surgery will see massadio haidara miss rest of the season .   steven taylor , paul dummett , cheick tiote and siem de jong also out for newcastle united ahead of wear - tyne derby .
sofia abramovich took to instagram to create a motivational post .   she said she had been criticised since people found her account .   the teenager said she would turn the negativity into positivity .   sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .
sewol ferry sank a year ago off the coast of south korea , killing 304 people .   families hold protests , vigils , say not much has been resolved since sinking .   government has yet to decide whether to raise the ferry .
officials insist there were no weapons on board and atomic reactor is safe .   fire had started during welding , causing insulation materials to catch fire .   the russian nuclear submarine was submerged to extinguish the fire .
javier hernandez scored the winner in the champions league quarter - final against atletico madrid .   real madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign manchester united star .   mexico international has attracted interest from dinamo moscow , lazio , everton , newcastle , west ham and stoke .
naomi jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old .   she was in fact a 32-year - old mother of one running her own business .   miss jacobs had been struck by what is called transient global amnesia .   the condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight .   she admits succumbing to ` total shock ' when her son called her ` mum ' .
michael hanline was serving life without parole for killing jt mcgarry .   but new dna evidence at crime scene revealed that he was innocent .   after 36 years wrongfully imprisoned the 69-year - old has finally been freed .   hanline says all he wants to do now is fish and spend time with his wide .
edward 's snow den was listed for a time as a snowboarding business .   when clicked on it the opening hours were revealed as 5 am to 11 pm .   one review for it said that it was a ` great source of classified information ' .   whistleblower edward snowden is thought to be hiding out in russia .
south korean investigators say they have proof that north korea is launching cyberattacks .   reports say the north is investing heavily in digital warfare .   december attack on banks in south korea caused about $ 820 million worth of damage , a report says .
woman threatened to jump off shanghai tower block after being dumped .   dangled herself off ledge after police failed to talk her down .   fireman xu weiguo climbed out and grabbed her arm just as she was attempting to push herself off .
premier league clubs on alert after shock reports from germany .   klopp has told dortmund bosses he wants to leave in the summer .   press conference has been scheduled for 12.30 pm .   the 47-year - old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .   klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there .   breaking news : klopp confirms he will leave dortmund in the summer .
bob mcdonnell used his office to benefit a nutritional supplement company whose president lavished gifts on him and his wife .   his lawyers argue that he never performed any ` official acts ' for star scientific , a company that sought support for his ` anatabloc ' supplement .   mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife got one year and one day ; they 're both free pending appeals .   three - judge federal court panel will hear the former governor 's appeal on may 12 .
the couple are in their 50s and from cleveland , ohio .   ship with 1,500 passengers aboard left tampa , florida , for a two - week caribbean cruise on sunday .   the bodies were discovered thursday when crew members checked on the couple in their stateroom .
a student walked into north thurston high school in lacey on monday morning with a gun and fired twice at the ceiling .   brady olson , a government teacher , tackled the teenager to the ground and kept him pinned on the floor until authorities came and arrested the boy .   the unidentified shooter only transferred to the school a month ago .   students praised the popular teacher for his quick - thinking and said they were not surprised that he had come to their rescue .
tinder only displays the last 34 photos - but users can easily see more .   firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
77-year - old wrote letters from his bed at ashworth hospital in merseyside .   hopes ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in general election .   branded david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' in the rant .   murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on saddleworth moor .   he hopes that ukip will ` decimate ' the other political parties in the general election , describing david cameron 's views as ` the usual mob - pleasing pr drivel expected from such bovines ' . .   the political leaders are unworthy of ` even being assassinated ' . .   voters must choose between ` public school millionaires ' or a ` refugee , privileged german jew ' - an offensive and inaccurate reference to ed miliband , whose belgian father fled the nazis . .   after ` half - a - century 's imprisonment ' , he believes most professional criminals are tory voters . .   branded question time ` for the dumb ' with the ` same old party hacks ' and labelled host david dimbleby an ` establishment dumpling ' . .   claims he does not like the bbc and stopped reading newspapers in 1998 - instead getting his information from al jazeera . .
black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the chinese capital 's landmarks devoid of tourists .   pictures were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of china .   locals and foreigners pose at the temple of heaven , western qing tombs and summer palace .   quiet scenes are a far cry from modern - day beijing , one of the most populous cities in the world .
man threw a wheel spanner at security night patrol car in harts range , northern territory .   he then deliberately drove his car through doors of a police station .   the 42 year old man managed to drive away in the damaged car .   car had no front number plate , front bumper bar or working headlights .   vehicle may still have rear number plate which is sa - registered s145 avi .   station is located 240 km northeast of alice springs in northern territory .
fans will be charged to watch a weigh - in for the first time when floyd mayweather and manny pacquaio step on the scales .   all profits will be donated to charities nominated by the boxers .   mayweather and pacquiao will be weighed at the grand garden arena .   wladimir klitschko admits that he is considering retirement .   the ukrainian looks set to fight tyson fury and deontay wilder .   carl froch may choose to retire after julio cesar chavez jnr 's defeat by andrzej fonfara .   froch had hoped to face the mexican in las vegas later this year .
clinton 's signature black customized van was parked in a spot reserved for the disabled in council bluffs , iowa .   hillary walked right past an unmistakable blue parking sign to climb into the van , nicknamed ` scooby ' .   meeting inside cafe lasted 90 minutes and was reportedly so sensitive that democratic party insiders were told to hand over cameras and cell phones .   secret service are technically federal law - enforcement officers and the vehicle is never left unattended , so there was no chance of a parking ticket .
brett robinson , 33 , facing 12 charges after allegedly letting an inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year .   allegedly brought him into the control room where she worked at washing county jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket .   relationship continued and robinson wrote inmate a love letter saying he was ' a constant presence in my thoughts , fantasies and dreams ' .   was caught during an investigation into colleague jill curry , 39 .   judge ruled wednesday that robinson 's lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month , with her trial set to start next week .   a psychologists report that she suffers from mental illness has been ruled insufficient .
the thunder from lagos was suspected of illegally fishing for toothfish .   sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for more than 100 days .   the thunder 's captain is suspected of scuttling the vessel in a cover - up .   watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster .
guests attending battle of waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat .   invitations to the event said it must not be seen as ` triumphalist ' .   the move was criticised by politicians as ` absurd ' political correctness .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group .   professors of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image is dangerous .   the professor said it represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment .   world health organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
highest - earning nhs dentists earn almost five times more than prime minister 's # 142,500 pay packet .   a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 a year .   lay bare huge amounts of taxpayer money paid to dentists for nhs work .   campaigners branded the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
teen with deadly brain tumour has almost raised $ 80,000 .   the money is needed to fund his life - saving brain surgery .   18-year - old jackson byrnes has stage four brain tumour .   he was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on .   instead he found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation .   he must find $ 80,000 by tuesday night to pay the surgeon up front .   jackson byrnes and his family have used crowd funding to raise money .
chris ramsey praises tony pulis as one of the best coaches in britain .   the queens park rangers boss says he wo n't be asking for his advice .   qpr travel to west brom on saturday in crucial relegation clash .   click here for all the latest qpr news .
bullish brendan rodgers says he is the man to take liverpool forward .   his time at the club is under scrutiny after fa cup semi - final defeat .   liverpool can hit back with victory at west brom on saturday .   jordan henderson ` over the moon ' after signing new liverpool contract .   man united and liverpool target memphis depay holds talks with psg .
hakaoro hakaoro was jailed in january 2014 for working without a licence .   a string of new complaints against him have come to light this week .   he tried to lure women into sexual services for their promised visas .   the tribunal will wait to decide on a penalty for the new complaints .
research conducted by planet cruise surveyed people aged 55 and over .   women were more likely to regret their career choices than men .   men were more likely to suffer from mental illness as a result of regrets .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
fireball captured on camera by the uk meteor observing network .   it says that it came from an asteroid orbiting between mars and jupiter .   the meteor burned up at the relatively low altitude of 21 miles .   there were dozens of sightings of the event , from england to ireland .
daphne selfe has been modelling since the fifties .   she has recently landed a new campaign with vans and & other stories .   the 86-year - old commands # 1,000 a day for her work .
british comedian travelled to moscow to interview the whistleblower .   questions why the former cia systems administrator leaked the files .   gets him to explain the security threat in the context of nude pictures .   describes snowden as america 's most famous ` hero and/or traitor ' .   snowden , at moments , is stunned into silence by the line of questioning .
the earthquake that struck nepal has left thousands of nepalis without shelter .   torrential rains making situation worse ; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon .   it 's unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicenter .
sturgeon has shed pounds , bleached her hair and mixed up her outfits .   made the male leaders ' dark suits seem as old as their arguments in debate .
raheem sterling turned down a # 100,000-per - week offer from liverpool .   sterling has two years left to run on his existing # 35,000-a - week contract .   the 20-year - old began his career at queens park rangers in 2003 .   he signed for liverpool in 2010 after seven years with qpr .   sterling was born in kingston , jamaica before moving to england .   liverpool attacker wants to be known as ' a kid that loves to play football ' .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women 's u19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed .   referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing an england penalty for encroachment .   fifa did something similar during a 2006 world cup qualifier .   but the entire match between uzbekistan and bahrain was replayed .   uefa must hope it does n't affect one of their premiere tournaments .
lennon reportedly partied at suede nightclub in manchester on april 4 .   venue packed with hundreds who had come to see trey songz perform .   alleged victim says # 55,000-a - week star left her with bruise below her eye .   tottenham winger , on loan to everton , interviewed on suspicion of assault .   greater manchester police spokesperson said no arrests have been made .
skin laundry , a trendy new skin clinic in manhattan , offers a ten - minute laser facial which promises to tighten skin .   clients have to sign a waiver allowing the clinic to give information to a funeral director , a coroner and to donate their organs .
nicky law scored two goals as rangers comfortably beat raith rovers .   haris vuckic and nicky clark also got on the scoresheet at ibrox .   rangers had suffered defeat by queen of the south on thursday .   but stuart mccall 's side recovered to keep up the pressure on hibernian .
floyd mayweather will have $ 25,000 mouthguard for manny pacquiao bout .   the mouthguard to contain diamonds , gold and $ 100 dollar bills .   he also spent $ 300,000 on mercedes ` land yacht ' people carrier .   carl foch unlikely to meet andre ward or julio cesar chavez jnr .   click here for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
angela kelly suffered the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels .   she had arthritis in her early 30s but would n't kick her heel habit .   four years ago , at 63 , she had have a titanium knee replacement .
up to 300 runners in yesterday 's bournemouth bay run sent wrong way .   some of the racers were said to be ` in tears ' after the two - mile detour .   organisation slammed as ` shambolic ' as there was also water shortage .
holidaymakers are willing to travel the world to take in stunning views from man - made or natural vantage points .   brave souls can hang over the edge of toronto 's cn tower , which stands 1,815 ft tall .   pulpit rock in forsand , norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .
barcelona beat paris saint - germain 3 - 1 in the champions league .   injured david luiz forced into the fray after thiago silva limped off .   luis suarez nutmegged luiz in lead up to both of his goals .   the internet soon filled with memes at the brazilian 's expense .
chris ramsey wants three wins from qpr 's final five league games .   ramsey believes nine points will secure their premier league status .   the qpr boss want his team to step up a level defensively .
drone was filming at royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .   chimpanzees spotted the drone - and one grabbed a branch .   on its second attempt , it knocked the drone out of the sky .
zella jackson price of olivette , missiouri , gave birth to her baby 49 years ago .   after she was told her baby had died , the baby , now named melanie gilmore , was adopted to another family for an unknown reason .   price , 76 , and gilmore , 49 , confirmed they were related through a dna test .   they both appear to be overwhelmed with emotion during reunion .   soon they will begin an investigation into the hospital to see what happened .
cuomo issued a state health warning friday about the drug .   more than 160 patients admitted in nine days across the state .   the drug can have long - term effects on the brain , especially for the young people who are abusing it .   spice is bought over the counter , usually marketed as incense or potpourri .   it caused the death of a california teenager last year .   on april 6 , two mississippi brothers were placed in medically - induced comas .   they had smoked a ` bad batch ' of the synthetic cannabinoid .
aid agency received approval from saudi - led coalition to enter yemen .   it has been negotiating for weeks to deliver emergency food and supplies .   11 days of coalition airstrikes on iran - backed shi'ite houthi rebel positions have left more than 500 people dead and many more displaced .   news comes as pakistan begins talks to join the coalition of sunni nations .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
kenneth stancil made his first appearance in a north carolina court on thursday after he was transferred from a florida jail .   in an expletive - filled rant , he told the judge he knew he was going to get life in prison but shot dead his boss for wanting to molest his brother .   his victim , ron lane , and brother had never met and there were no complaints against lane when he was shot dead on monday .   stancil has admitted that he partly shot lane - who had been his work supervisor before he was fired last month - for being gay .
tabitha anne bennett ` messaged a 14-year - old girl on facebook and told her that she would be bringing her daughter to fight the girl ' .   she ` drove her daughter to the meeting place and emerged with a knife - which made the 14-year - old girl think she was going to die ' .   she ` yelled at her daughter to fight the other teenager and pulled the other girl to the ground by her hair ' .   she has been charged with child abuse and assault and battery .
manny pacquiao fights floyd mayweather at the mgm grand on may 2 .   pacquiao took to instagram on thursday to thank spike lee and tito mikey .   36-year - old was also visited by nba legend karl malone at his boxing gym .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona 's 3 - 1 win over psg .   suarez nutmegged david luiz on his way to scoring both goals .   the striker says the tie is not over despite barca 's two - goal advantage .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , shot dead brent mcguigan and his son , brendon .   he carried out shooting last august to avenge nine - year - old sister , cathy .   cathy was killed in a car smash involving brent 's father , herbert , in 1970 .   herbert given nine - month sentence for dangerous driving ; has since died .   vuozzo , from prince edward island , said the sentence had ` haunted ' him .   knew victims , who lived near montague , were not involved in fatal crash .   defendant pleaded guilty to first - and second - degree murder in february .   he was jailed for life on monday ; he is not eligible for parole for 35 years .
the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 .   the fleet can be activated within one to four months to aid in national defense and emergencies .   at its height in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in april last year .
in february , ukip unveiled 50,000 cap on those being given visas for uk .   farage then refused to have ` arbitrary targets ' , before moving it to 30,000 .   tories accused mr farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' .   mr farage has denied his party has made any u - turns on immigration .
david king , 70 , from east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago .   body found by sniffer dogs and a man has been charged with murder .   alleged killer was living rough and is ` behind number of thefts in area ' .   gardener mr king may have confronted him over stolen vegetables .
the bentley r - type continental fastback was expected to sell for # 200,000 .   but an anonymous car collector bought it for # 739,212 in surrey yesterday .   when the vintage car is restored , it could be worth more than # 1million .   described as ` one of the rarest cars of its time ' as only 218 cars were made .
incident occurred as the boeing 737 - 800 landed at khajuraho airport .   plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway .   crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down emergency slides .   jet airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due to marry aaron leeson - woolley this saturday .   she vanished on sunday while brimming with excitement about wedding .   police have charged man , 24 , with her murder despite not finding her body .   family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
ed miliband bored his future wife justine on their first meeting at a party .   the labour leader discussed economics when she had little interest .   he then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party 's host .   mrs miliband said she and her husband are not interested in ` kitchengate ' .
arsene wenger admits he can see why top teams have struggled against burnley .   arsenal needed an aaron ramsey strike to earn narrow victory at turf moor .   wenger hails burnley 's ` solidarity and organisation ' .
jaysh al - islam fights against government soldiers in syrian city of damascus .   made up of around ' 60 rebel factions ' , it also opposes islamist groups like isis .   held the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since start of the syrian revolution .   saudi arabia is ` funding the group with millions of dollars in arms and training ' .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia .   it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock .   s.kidman and co. are selling another 10 cattle farms across australia .   in total , they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .
jurgen klopp 's seven - year stint at borussia dortmund will end on june 30 .   premier league clubs on alert after the shock news from germany .   klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break .   dortmund ceo hans - joachim watzke confirmed news in press conference .   the 47-year - old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .   klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there .   klopp : ' i believe that borussia dortmund actually needs a change ' .
advert sees party leaders form an unlikely boyband named coalition .   greens claim main parties are all ` singing from the same hymn sheet ' .   mocks tories , lib dems , labour and ukip for agreeing on austerity .   the film will first be broadcast at 5.55 pm on thursday night on bbc2 .
team of scientists discovered new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale .   seven million - year - old nanokogia isthmia bones were found in panama .   suggest the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .   today 's larger sperm whales are able to navigate under water with ease .
teachers say pupils not ready for ` formal sitting down stage ' before seven .   play helps children develop communication and social skills , they believe .   want to follow lead of finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons .   union to ask for more play time at its conference in harrogate this weekend .
kim callaghan , from ireland , piled on the pounds after having children .   limited to size 28 clothing kim , 39 , worried she resembled a man .   she joined slimming world and dropped ten dress sizes as well as 10st .
researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument .   instead he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .   he claims all such instruments were made by hyenas , not neanderthals .   and the bones do not even originate from neanderthal times .
injury forced carl froch to withdraw from bout with julio cesar chavez jnr .   instead , chavez faces andrzej fonfara on saturday night .   the wba super - middleweight champion is searching for his next fight .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed .   england will resume the match against norway from the penalty spot .   the elite round qualifier resumes in belfast on thursday at 9:45 pm .   referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free - kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england 's penalty on saturday .   england were 2 - 1 down to norway at the time in the 96th minute .   german kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .   three lions earn 3 - 1 victory against switzerland meaning a 2 - 2 will be enough for european championship qualification .   norway beat northern ireland 8 - 1 to keep things tight in group 4 .   it is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by uefa .   watch video below of the controversial penalty incident .   read : graham poll 's expert verdict on uefa 's bizarre decision .
real madrid eliminated atletico madrid from the champions league .   javier hernandez secured victory with 88th minute strike for real madrid .   raphael varane filmed fans as madrid arrived at the santiago bernabeu .   read : barcelona vs real madrid is the dream champions league final .   who will win the champions league ? .
