portsmouth chairman michael brown says the club 's owners are ` ` only chance '' of winning the club .
an indian court has ordered bollywood star salman khan to appear in court in connection with the death of a man in a 2002 hit - and - run incident in mumbai .
mobile phone operator three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges in some countries across the world .
when lionel messi and neymar arrived at ballymena united 's training ground on sunday , he was a fan of the world 's most expensive footballers .
emma croker will make her first start for england in saturday 's six nations match against ireland .
an indian man has spoken of his fear for his life after he was attacked by a masked man in a mumbai shop .
a danish artist has accused lego of being ` ` anti - semitic '' for refusing to sell his products to an artist .
a large fire has broken out at a derelict mansion house in cheshire , causing extensive damage to the building .
kenneth starr , the former chief executive of the us house of representatives , is one of the most influential figures in history .
a passenger plane has crashed in colombia , killing at least seven people and injuring more , officials say .
two senior executives from an arts organisation in argyll and bute have been made redundant , it has been announced .
a painting by french artist piet monet has sold for # 31.7 m at a sotheby 's auction .
the families of those killed in a shooting in malaysia have lost an appeal against the government 's refusal to hold an independent inquiry .
the operator of the isle of wight has announced plans to create a new cross - solent bus service .
tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition to save a derby swimming pool from closure .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has ordered the country 's central bank to lift a ban on the activities of five italian banks .
colombia 's largest rebel group , the farc , has announced it will create a ` ` civilian observers '' for the first time .
when former england striker darren campbell was arrested on suspicion of match - fixing , he will never be able to make his football again .
the number of children being placed for adoption in england has fallen for the first time in five years .
a man 's body has been found in a block of flats in the south end of glasgow .
christmas day will be ` ` extra - special '' for patients and patients across england on friday .
when steve jobs first launched an iphone in 2010 , the bbc 's steve jobs editor told the bbc that ` ` i had n't got it '' .
us president barack obama has asked congress for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- to fund fund the policing of police officers .
the head teacher of england 's schools and colleges has urged the government to disengage ` ` fundamental british values '' .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found with serious head injuries in a flat in west belfast .
dame judi dench has revealed that she has been diagnosed with a rare condition that affects blindness .
plans have been unveiled to transform a grade ii - listed historical anglesey town centre into a centre .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says his team are ` ` fired up '' after winning the scottish premiership title .
the head of the bardo museum in tunisia 's capital , tunis , has been killed in an attack on a french museum .
at least 10 people have been killed after a minivan collided with a minivan at ghana 's main airport .
a high school in hampshire has closed its doors for the first time since the closure of a single sex education school .
a dog had to be rescued off the devon coast after getting into difficulty on a stretch of cliffs .
leicester tigers are capable of reaching the premiership play - offs , according to former head coach shaun murphy .
it 's one of india 's best - known restaurants , but it 's not a recipe for fish .
a ` ` perverse '' charge for convicted criminals has been criticised by a committee of mps .
manchester city have signed full - back kyle walker from tottenham for # 50 m , subject to a medical .
a gene that causes male infertility may be hampering the ability to make sperm , say researchers .
it 's one of the biggest events of the soap opera , lucy beale , and the curtain - raising season .
arsenal ladies captain alex ferguson has signed a new three - year contract with the women 's super league club .
former rangers midfielder jon daly says he would consider joining the scottish club before the end of the season .
the university of reading has announced plans to convert two historic buildings into flats into flats in the town .
a police force has created a poster urging parents not to use the threat of police officers when they are in danger .
lifeguards will be deployed to a beach where five men drowned in july , a councillor has said .
the government is to publish a draft plan to tackle air pollution in parts of the uk , according to lawyers .
a conference to mark the 25th anniversary of the charlie hebdo satirical magazine charlie hebdo has been cancelled .
a us man who shot and killed a lion in zimbabwe has spoken out against the killing of a lion .
friends of the earth has launched a petition calling for the european union to end the trade deal between canada and canada .
england captain alastair cook made his first championship century of the season as essex 's rain - affected game against worcestershire at new road .
four cats have died after eating antifreeze in their cars , the rspca has said .
chinese officials have reportedly detained two canadian nationals in beijing , according to a local media report in the city .
the uk government is ` ` listening to the scots '' after brexit , the first minister has said .
six players from wales ' recycling collections have taken part in a charity recycling centre in torfaen .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 1 victory over manchester united was ` ` not celebrating '' .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at celtic park .
a police force has apologised for making a obscene image of a woman at a beach event .
sue townsend , the author of the children 's author , is to open a new production of her novel adrian mole .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a three - week - old baby in newcastle .
two men accused of attempting to murder a former sun newspaper editor have been cleared of attempted murder , a court has heard .
at the royal victoria and albert museum in london , it 's hard to understand the date of a man 's death .
george north and george henshaw have been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
the prime minister has accused the european union of holding up a ` ` swift '' brexit deal .
a us judge has issued a temporary injunction against president donald trump 's decision to transfer sanctuary cities to san francisco .
england batsman joe root hit a century as nottinghamshire beat warwickshire by seven wickets in the one - day cup .
a man who tried to ` ` calm down '' a mosque in dundee has been jailed for six months .
south korea 's biggest carmaker , hyundai motor america , has offered to pay for its employees who have lost their jobs .
aberdeen have appointed former aberdeen boss paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year deal .
a search is under way for eight people killed in an explosion at a factory in the brazilian city of vitoria .
more than 1,000 people have been evacuated in chile as firefighters tackle a series of forest fires .
the northern ireland executive office has defended its decision to appoint an executive press secretary , the bbc has learned .
egyptian officials say they have found ` ` several incidents '' in the upper half of the great pyramid .
the sister of kevin mckee and seamus wright have said they are ` ` bittersweet '' that their brother 's remains have been identified as the disappeared .
millions of viewers across the world are taking part in prank tv shows that have been hit by the recent earthquake .
a powys council 's former chief executive has failed in an attempt to overturn his suspension .
norway has refused to accept a top summit of the country 's highest mountain , after a social media backlash .
the football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- says it will impose sanctions on mexico over homophobic chants .
ahmed musa scored twice as leicester beat sheffield united to reach the efl cup quarter - finals .
sam warburton says he will take ` ` a few risks '' when wales face new zealand on saturday .
gloucester cathedral is recruiting more than 1,000 teenage girls for the first time in its history .
it 's the 30th anniversary of italy 's 1966 world cup clash with northern ireland and northern ireland .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
bitcoin , the world 's biggest bitcoin virtual currency , has been hit by controversy .
women 's super league two club yeovil town ladies have re - signed england under-23 international rachel howard on a two - year deal .
` ` it 's a good day , '' says andrew , a british policeman at lido beach in somalia .
a man in brazil has been jailed for the murder of a rancher in the amazon rainforest in 1992 .
england have named seven uncapped players in their squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
bedfordshire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said the force is in danger of being ` ` aggressive '' .
a man has died after falling from a cliff at a nature reserve in east sussex , police have said .
police investigating the death of a man in glasgow have said they are still trying to trace a man who was seen in the city centre .
a former chief constable of the metropolitan police has been asked to review the handling of an investigation into historical child sex abuse allegations .
north korea 's supreme court has sentenced a former us citizen to life in prison for masterminding the overthrow of the communist state .
barnet moved to within a point of the league two play - offs with victory at hartlepool .
northern ireland 's public services college has been given the go - ahead by the northern ireland executive .
partick thistle manager leon osman says he is ` ` not surprised '' by the departure of alan archibald .
in the wake of the news that the uk voted to leave the european union , the bbc 's political editor has been talking about the relationship between the two leaders .
a turkish woman has been arrested in turkey on suspicion of insulting president recep tayyip erdogan .
wilfried bony scored twice as ivory coast beat algeria 2 - 0 to reach the africa cup of nations quarter - finals .
the world 's biggest smartphone maker , apple , has reported a jump in full - year profits .
the uk 's highest court has ruled that the working week could affect people who work in the uk .
a firm run by a fire at a recycling plant in greater manchester has had its environmental permit revoked .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has passed a controversial abortion law which would allow women to end pregnancy .
the number of young sports players who have a cardiac arrest has increased dramatically in the uk since 2002 .
police investigating the death of a man in north lanarkshire have renewed their appeal for information following his death .
fifa president michel platini will become the next president of world football 's governing body , the football association says .
a convicted robber who spent more than 30 years in prison has said he is ` ` fighting to his grave '' .
us president barack obama has called for an increase in the number of refugees who have fled their country .
libya 's bid to host the 2019 africa cup of nations has been boosted by the country 's decision to host host the tournament .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned the country 's decision to ban paralympians from the 2016 paralympics .
world number one mark selby and marco fu reached the world championship quarter - finals with a 6 - 2 win over china 's ding junhui .
disney 's beauty and the beast has been barred from screening a live - action remake in malaysia .
nico rosberg took pole position at the hungarian grand prix as title rival lewis hamilton was forced to retire from the race .
the government in mexico 's southern state of oaxaca state has ordered the delivery of food to be delivered to a standstill .
former world heavyweight champion tyson has said he believes professional boxers will be beaten by professionals at the rio olympics .
sunderland and england winger adam johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a young girl in january .
growth in the uk 's service sector slowed in february , according to a closely watched survey of purchasing managers .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving after she was hit by a police car .
the number of eu nationals in the uk who are eligible to vote in the eu referendum has been cancelled .
plans to transform alexandra palace into a ` ` cultural hub '' in the palace of haringey have been revealed .
nigeria 's capital , lagos , has been hit by a crackdown on noise in the city .
wrexham have signed newport county striker tyler harvey on a two - year contract after he turned down a new contract .
