portsmouth chairman michael brown says the club 's owners are ` ` only chance '' of winning the club .
an indian court has ordered bollywood star salman khan to appear in court in connection with the death of a man in a 2002 hit - and - run incident in mumbai .
a large fire has broken out at a derelict mansion house in cheshire , causing extensive damage to the building .
a passenger plane has crashed in colombia , killing at least seven people and injuring more , officials say .
a painting by french artist piet monet has sold for # 31.7 m at a sotheby 's auction .
the families of those killed in a shooting in malaysia have lost an appeal against the government 's refusal to hold an independent inquiry .
the operator of the isle of wight has announced plans to create a new cross - solent bus service .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has ordered the country 's central bank to lift a ban on the activities of five italian banks .
when former england striker darren campbell was arrested on suspicion of match - fixing , he will never be able to make his football again .
a man 's body has been found in a block of flats in the south end of glasgow .
christmas day will be ` ` extra - special '' for patients and patients across england on friday .
when steve jobs first launched an iphone in 2010 , the bbc 's steve jobs editor told the bbc that ` ` i had n't got it '' .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found with serious head injuries in a flat in west belfast .
plans have been unveiled to transform a grade ii - listed historical anglesey town centre into a centre .
at least 10 people have been killed after a minivan collided with a minivan at ghana 's main airport .
leicester tigers are capable of reaching the premiership play - offs , according to former head coach shaun murphy .
arsenal ladies captain alex ferguson has signed a new three - year contract with the women 's super league club .
former rangers midfielder jon daly says he would consider joining the scottish club before the end of the season .
the university of reading has announced plans to convert two historic buildings into flats into flats in the town .
a police force has created a poster urging parents not to use the threat of police officers when they are in danger .
a us man who shot and killed a lion in zimbabwe has spoken out against the killing of a lion .
friends of the earth has launched a petition calling for the european union to end the trade deal between canada and canada .
england captain alastair cook made his first championship century of the season as essex 's rain - affected game against worcestershire at new road .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 1 victory over manchester united was ` ` not celebrating '' .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at celtic park .
sue townsend , the author of the children 's author , is to open a new production of her novel adrian mole .
a search is under way for eight people killed in an explosion at a factory in the brazilian city of vitoria .
gloucester cathedral is recruiting more than 1,000 teenage girls for the first time in its history .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
women 's super league two club yeovil town ladies have re - signed england under-23 international rachel howard on a two - year deal .
a man has died after falling from a cliff at a nature reserve in east sussex , police have said .
police investigating the death of a man in glasgow have said they are still trying to trace a man who was seen in the city centre .
wilfried bony scored twice as ivory coast beat algeria 2 - 0 to reach the africa cup of nations quarter - finals .
the world 's biggest smartphone maker , apple , has reported a jump in full - year profits .
a firm run by a fire at a recycling plant in greater manchester has had its environmental permit revoked .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has passed a controversial abortion law which would allow women to end pregnancy .
libya 's bid to host the 2019 africa cup of nations has been boosted by the country 's decision to host host the tournament .
world number one mark selby and marco fu reached the world championship quarter - finals with a 6 - 2 win over china 's ding junhui .
the government in mexico 's southern state of oaxaca state has ordered the delivery of food to be delivered to a standstill .
sunderland and england winger adam johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a young girl in january .
nigeria 's capital , lagos , has been hit by a crackdown on noise in the city .
wrexham have signed newport county striker tyler harvey on a two - year contract after he turned down a new contract .
