an indian man has spoken of his fear for his life after he was attacked by a masked man in a mumbai shop .
kenneth starr , the former chief executive of the us house of representatives , is one of the most influential figures in history .
two senior executives from an arts organisation in argyll and bute have been made redundant , it has been announced .
tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea .
a dog had to be rescued off the devon coast after getting into difficulty on a stretch of cliffs .
chinese officials have reportedly detained two canadian nationals in beijing , according to a local media report in the city .
six players from wales ' recycling collections have taken part in a charity recycling centre in torfaen .
at the royal victoria and albert museum in london , it 's hard to understand the date of a man 's death .
england batsman joe root hit a century as nottinghamshire beat warwickshire by seven wickets in the one - day cup .
a man who tried to ` ` calm down '' a mosque in dundee has been jailed for six months .
more than 1,000 people have been evacuated in chile as firefighters tackle a series of forest fires .
millions of viewers across the world are taking part in prank tv shows that have been hit by the recent earthquake .
` ` it 's a good day , '' says andrew , a british policeman at lido beach in somalia .
a man in brazil has been jailed for the murder of a rancher in the amazon rainforest in 1992 .
england have named seven uncapped players in their squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
a former chief constable of the metropolitan police has been asked to review the handling of an investigation into historical child sex abuse allegations .
north korea 's supreme court has sentenced a former us citizen to life in prison for masterminding the overthrow of the communist state .
barnet moved to within a point of the league two play - offs with victory at hartlepool .
us president barack obama has called for an increase in the number of refugees who have fled their country .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned the country 's decision to ban paralympians from the 2016 paralympics .
nico rosberg took pole position at the hungarian grand prix as title rival lewis hamilton was forced to retire from the race .
the number of eu nationals in the uk who are eligible to vote in the eu referendum has been cancelled .
plans to transform alexandra palace into a ` ` cultural hub '' in the palace of haringey have been revealed .
