mobile phone operator three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges in some countries across the world .
emma croker will make her first start for england in saturday 's six nations match against ireland .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition to save a derby swimming pool from closure .
colombia 's largest rebel group , the farc , has announced it will create a ` ` civilian observers '' for the first time .
the number of children being placed for adoption in england has fallen for the first time in five years .
us president barack obama has asked congress for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- to fund fund the policing of police officers .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says his team are ` ` fired up '' after winning the scottish premiership title .
the head of the bardo museum in tunisia 's capital , tunis , has been killed in an attack on a french museum .
it 's one of india 's best - known restaurants , but it 's not a recipe for fish .
manchester city have signed full - back kyle walker from tottenham for # 50 m , subject to a medical .
lifeguards will be deployed to a beach where five men drowned in july , a councillor has said .
the government is to publish a draft plan to tackle air pollution in parts of the uk , according to lawyers .
the uk government is ` ` listening to the scots '' after brexit , the first minister has said .
a police force has apologised for making a obscene image of a woman at a beach event .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a three - week - old baby in newcastle .
george north and george henshaw have been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
a us judge has issued a temporary injunction against president donald trump 's decision to transfer sanctuary cities to san francisco .
aberdeen have appointed former aberdeen boss paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year deal .
egyptian officials say they have found ` ` several incidents '' in the upper half of the great pyramid .
the sister of kevin mckee and seamus wright have said they are ` ` bittersweet '' that their brother 's remains have been identified as the disappeared .
ahmed musa scored twice as leicester beat sheffield united to reach the efl cup quarter - finals .
northern ireland 's public services college has been given the go - ahead by the northern ireland executive .
partick thistle manager leon osman says he is ` ` not surprised '' by the departure of alan archibald .
in the wake of the news that the uk voted to leave the european union , the bbc 's political editor has been talking about the relationship between the two leaders .
a turkish woman has been arrested in turkey on suspicion of insulting president recep tayyip erdogan .
the number of young sports players who have a cardiac arrest has increased dramatically in the uk since 2002 .
fifa president michel platini will become the next president of world football 's governing body , the football association says .
a convicted robber who spent more than 30 years in prison has said he is ` ` fighting to his grave '' .
disney 's beauty and the beast has been barred from screening a live - action remake in malaysia .
former world heavyweight champion tyson has said he believes professional boxers will be beaten by professionals at the rio olympics .
growth in the uk 's service sector slowed in february , according to a closely watched survey of purchasing managers .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving after she was hit by a police car .
