three has announced that it has abolished international roaming charges in seven countries .
england have brought in emma croker and have ireland made two changes for saturday 's women 's six nations game .
a derby swimming pool threatened with closure is to remain open for another year , council bosses have confirmed .
the colombian government and the left - wing farc rebel movement have both asked the un for a mission to oversee the end of their decades - long conflict .
the number of children put forward for adoption by local councils in england has fallen by almost half in under a year , the latest figures show .
us president barack obama has requested $ 263 m -lrb- â # 167 m -rrb- to improve police training , pay for body cameras and restore trust in policing .
leigh griffiths says celtic are ` ` fired up '' for next season as they aim to win a sixth straight premiership title .
a frenchwoman injured in the attack on tunisia 's national museum has died of her wounds , bringing the total killed in the assault by islamists to 22 .
what do you need to run a successful restaurant ?
manchester city have completed the signing of tottenham and england right - back kyle walker for an initial # 45 m .
lifeguards will patrol a popular beach on the south coast this summer after seven men drowned last year .
the uk government is set to publish a draft air pollution plan after a protracted legal battle with environmental campaigners .
welsh support for the uk could be in doubt if theresa may does not listen to concerns about devolution , the first minister has warned .
a police force has apologised after its officers made a sandcastle ` ` crime scene '' featuring a naked dead woman .
a three - week - old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in sunderland .
wales wing george north and ireland centre robbie henshaw have been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
the white house has labelled ` ` bananas '' a ruling that blocks president donald trump 's order barring funding for cities that shelter illegal immigrants .
paul sheerin has left his post as arbroath manager to become under-20s coach at aberdeen .
an international team of architects and scientists have observed ` ` thermal anomalies '' in the pyramids of giza , egyptian antiquities officials say .
confirmation that bodies found in a bog were disappeared victims kevin mckee and seamus wright is ` ` bittersweet news '' , the mckee family has said .
goals from demarai gray , islam slimani -lrb- 2 -rrb- and ahmed musa took leicester past championship side sheffield united and into the efl cup third round .
a planned state - of - the - art joint training college for northern ireland 's police , fire and prison services has been radically redrawn .
partick thistle captain abdul osman says the players are praying manager alan archibald stays at the club for another season .
forgive me if you are not a fan of political conspiracy , and on a day like today you do n't have to look very far for huge ideological disputes , even if they 're not quite yet punch - ups .
a canadian dual national has reportedly been detained in turkey for allegedly insulting the country 's president .
most people associate heart problems - and cardiac arrest in particular - with older people .
the english football association has given its backing to michel platini 's bid to become the next boss of fifa .
a terminally - ill cancer patient who was jailed for two robberies he did not commit is fighting for compensation a year after he was exonerated .
the release of disney 's beauty and the beast has been postponed in malaysia .
former world heavyweight champion mike tyson says the idea of professional boxers at the olympics is ` ` ridiculous '' - because they would lose to amateurs .
the uk 's dominant services sector weakened in february , registering its slowest rate of growth for nearly three years , a survey has indicated .
a motorcyclist has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a former road safety worker who was killed in a crash on a busy nottingham road .
