a danish artist has accused lego of being ` ` anti - semitic '' for refusing to sell his products to an artist .
the head teacher of england 's schools and colleges has urged the government to disengage ` ` fundamental british values '' .
dame judi dench has revealed that she has been diagnosed with a rare condition that affects blindness .
a high school in hampshire has closed its doors for the first time since the closure of a single sex education school .
a ` ` perverse '' charge for convicted criminals has been criticised by a committee of mps .
a gene that causes male infertility may be hampering the ability to make sperm , say researchers .
it 's one of the biggest events of the soap opera , lucy beale , and the curtain - raising season .
a conference to mark the 25th anniversary of the charlie hebdo satirical magazine charlie hebdo has been cancelled .
four cats have died after eating antifreeze in their cars , the rspca has said .
two men accused of attempting to murder a former sun newspaper editor have been cleared of attempted murder , a court has heard .
the prime minister has accused the european union of holding up a ` ` swift '' brexit deal .
south korea 's biggest carmaker , hyundai motor america , has offered to pay for its employees who have lost their jobs .
the northern ireland executive office has defended its decision to appoint an executive press secretary , the bbc has learned .
a powys council 's former chief executive has failed in an attempt to overturn his suspension .
norway has refused to accept a top summit of the country 's highest mountain , after a social media backlash .
the football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- says it will impose sanctions on mexico over homophobic chants .
sam warburton says he will take ` ` a few risks '' when wales face new zealand on saturday .
it 's the 30th anniversary of italy 's 1966 world cup clash with northern ireland and northern ireland .
bitcoin , the world 's biggest bitcoin virtual currency , has been hit by controversy .
bedfordshire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said the force is in danger of being ` ` aggressive '' .
the uk 's highest court has ruled that the working week could affect people who work in the uk .
police investigating the death of a man in north lanarkshire have renewed their appeal for information following his death .
