when co - founder and entrepreneur huw choe first opened his first two luxury accommodation in singapore , he was in charge of the company that founded it .
the northern ireland football team 's euro 2016 qualifier against northern ireland in belfast has been cancelled because of a motorway crash .
prime minister theresa may has ` ` absolute faith '' in the uk 's trident nuclear weapons , according to reports .
venus williams has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a car crash .
ghana and ivory coast have agreed to suspend oil drilling in the disputed waters in the contested waters of the atlantic .
belfast city council has ordered an inquiry into the collection of bonfire material from the site of a car park .
sir david attenborough 's episode of the bbc 's natural history film was ` ` faked '' , the bbc has claimed .
the families of the 96 victims of the hillsborough disaster have been awarded an award for services to the families .
fracking can be safely managed in the uk , according to a report from the royal society of engineering .
grime artist and rapper skwod is one of the most exciting new artists in the uk .
former pop star sir tom jones is to join the bbc 's voice uk panel of coaches , replacing him .
tottenham are close to agreeing a deal to host premier league games at wembley , according to chairman greg dyke .
great britain 's men 's handball team lost to the netherlands in the final of the rio olympics .
jeremy corbyn has said he will not ` ` stand back '' if labour wins the general election .
china has accused china of ` ` militarising '' a disputed island in the south china sea .
head teachers have accused the government of being involved in the trojan horse scandal of ` ` the iceberg '' .
the sleepy town of livingston is home to some of the villages of scotland 's main towns and villages .
middlesbrough have signed middlesbrough striker mart de roon on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
an 11-year - old boy from east renfrewshire has been making headlines in the scottish cup .
exeter city captain dean butterfield says he is ` ` not breathing '' with paul tisdale 's coaching staff .
the lawn tennis association -lrb- lta -rrb- has announced # 1.5 m of funding to improve facilities across the uk .
the us says it is working with russia to free a us man who has been kidnapped in syria .
the owner of bhs - com has announced plans to create a new online shop in the uk .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the introduction of pay and display meters at reading hospital .
a 21-year - old woman has been jailed for life after being convicted of murdering her boyfriend in a casino .
the scottish conservatives have recorded their second victory of the general election in a row , but they are still on the verge of a second independence referendum .
three people have been injured in a three - vehicle crash on the a75 in dumfries and galloway .
a former ira informer who was convicted of plotting to shoot to kill three people in the 1980s has had his conviction quashed .
a number of people have been evacuated after a suspicious object was found at a business premises in londonderry .
australia 's new prime minister malcolm turnbull has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that knights and dames should be scrapped .
sevilla reached the europa league final for the first time in their history by beating ukraine 's minnows minnows sevilla .
the steel industry in wales has seen a ` ` steep decline '' in the last five years , plaid cymru has said .
a man accused of racially aggravated behaviour at a demonstration in south ayrshire has been remanded in custody .
a new coinage portrait of the queen has been unveiled by the queen at buckingham palace , with the option of a further year .
a male lion has escaped from a south african national park after escaping from its enclosure , officials say .
in the middle east , thousands of syrian refugees are set to be sent home to the uk from syria .
the prince of wales and duchess of cambridge have visited brixton borough in south - east london .
more than 19 million people in china could be exposed to contaminated water , according to a new study .
england moved to within a point of the world cup with a hard - fought victory over south africa .
saracens will face harlequins in the semi - finals of the anglo - welsh cup .
the legacy of lee kuan yew , one of the world 's most famous people , has been marked in singapore for the first time .
a denbighshire pensioner has been jailed for 12 months for raping and sexually assaulting a girl .
star wars actor warwick davis has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' after a caravan was stolen .
police in india say they have arrested two indian muslim men accused of sedition after the champions trophy in india .
france 's interior minister has ordered an investigation into the death of a teenager who was stabbed to death last week .
gloucester booked their place in the european challenge cup final with a narrow victory over french side la rochelle .
three teenagers have been charged with attempted murder after a 15-year - old boy was stabbed in dumbarton .
a man 's body has been found in a block of flats in the south end of glasgow .
the mysterious remains of people buried in mudbanks and mudbanks in kent have been revealed .
league two side accrington stanley have signed hibernian striker graham for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
microsoft 's chief executive , mike spencer , has told the bbc that the xbox one x console is a ` ` virtual reality '' .
adam voges and dawid malan both made half - centuries as middlesex dominated day two against hampshire .
plans to build a uk spaceport in snowdonia have been given the go - ahead .
police are appealing for information after a newborn girl was found dead at a bus stop in north wales .
military soldiers in world war one have spent more than half their time at the front of the somme , research has found .
` ` i do n't know what i ' m going to leave the eu . ''
uk policy in syria has been ` ` undermined '' by the country 's decision to leave the country , uk foreign secretary boris johnson has said .
lewis hamilton says his team are ` ` on the right path '' in winning the chinese grand prix .
the family of a soldier found dead at deepcut barracks have said they are ` ` dismayed '' by a coroner .
a former police officer who sent thousands of messages to a schoolgirl has been jailed for 18 months .
us president donald trump has said he will not recuse himself from the inquiry into alleged russian meddling .
scottish borders council is facing a price of more than # 500,000 over the next three years .
youtube 's new advertising watchdog has warned that ` ` advertorials '' should be banned .
a scuba diver who died while on holiday in the maltese island of gozo has spoken of his ` ` nightmare '' .
a russian cargo ship has crashed off the south coast of england , killing six people and injuring more .
a buddhist monk in sri lanka has died in hospital after setting himself on fire in the capital , colombo .
the head of mexico 's international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has been named as the country 's new finance minister .
a british teenager who travelled to syria to join the so - called islamic state group has died , his family says .
a group of pakistani artists have criticised the us commission 's decision to impose anti - islamic messages on the set in question .
a ` ` notorious criminal '' who raped and sexually abused girls has been jailed for five years .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of former coronation street creator frank warren at his funeral in manchester .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he will not need any more money in the january transfer window .
the ` ` oldest carnival in europe '' is to be held in leeds for the first time .
there 's only a few weeks to go until the end of the us presidential campaign , but it 's already time to focus on the campaign .
prostate cancer is one of the most common cause of cancer in the world , according to a new study .
whistleblowers in india say they carried out a massive cyber - attack on talktalk customer data .
oscar - winning actress sofia vergara has topped forbes ' list of highest - paid actors in 2015 .
tata steel has confirmed it is in talks to buy its long - products division in south yorkshire .
former wales fly - half james hook has returned to ospreys for the 2016 - 17 season .
when an eight - year - old boy was shot dead in srinagar in the early hours of sunday , his family decided to give him a free lunch .
derry 's hopes of reaching the irish cup quarter - finals were dented as they lost 1 - 1 to derry in extra time .
talks aimed at averting a long - running dispute over a new junior doctors ' contract have ended .
an air canada flight from san francisco to san francisco was forced to make an emergency landing on a taxiway .
southend united striker nile ranger will be fit for the start of the new season after being convicted of fraud .
five - time world champion ronnie o'sullivan has announced he is looking for a place in snooker .
london is the most expensive city to live in the world for quality of life , according to a study .
the brother of jimmy hennessy , who died at the age of 13 , has been described as a ` ` great brother '' by his sister .
salford red devils have appointed former england under-19 international jordon forster as their new head coach .
an email sent to a community in the isle of man is being investigated by police over a fake story .
leicester city will host league two side coventry city in the first round of the efl cup , starting in january .
tributes have been paid to a northern ireland fan who died during the euro 2016 tournament in france .
bbc radio 1 is changing its weekday schedule to host a ` ` football team '' on its 50th birthday .
police in the republic of ireland say they are worried about a ban on so - called ` ` legal highs '' .
wolves striker kurt zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury .
comedian edward snow has launched a campaign to save a kent pier which runs on a 19th century railway .
england will host bangladesh in the first match of their tour of bangladesh in a series of security measures .
apple 's latest iphone - maker , the apple watch , has launched its first - branded version of the product .
the leader of france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , jean - marie le pen , has made a speech at the annual labour day parade in paris .
millions of online shoppers are expected to see a surge in returns this year , according to royal mail .
the former chief executive of the financial reporting council -lrb- frc -rrb- , lord myner , has called for more powers to tackle corporate practices .
peter harris has said the bbc should ` ` fulfil its charter remit '' of the corporation .
the republic of ireland 's president is to ask the supreme court to decide whether a bill to allow doctors to carry out abortions .
in the wake of thursday 's terror attack in the spanish city of barcelona , people have been celebrating the 10th anniversary of the attack .
the rate of life expectancy in men has risen by more than a third in the last 20 years , according to a new study .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested after two teenagers died in a crash in caerphilly county .
wales suffered a ` ` worst '' second - half collapse as they lost to australia in the second test in melbourne .
at least 13 people have been killed in a volcanic eruption in indonesia 's mount sinabung .
former newsnight presenter alan paxman has told the bbc he has grown a beard for the first time .
england 's tyrrell hatton and matthew fitzpatrick share the lead after the second round of the dean & deluca invitational in california .
french ligue 1 side stade pierre - mauroy have signed senegal international striker souleye bissouma from french side marseille on a season - long loan .
more parents are being subjected to ` ` vile and abusive '' abuse of teachers , according to a teachers ' union .
tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- after heavy rains .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the uk has banned four proscribed islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- groups .
wales wing liam williams will miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury , according to scarlets .
newcastle falcons and england number eight nick clough could miss the rest of the season with a neck injury .
world number two rory mcilroy says he is ` ` not feeling good '' after recovering from a stomach injury .
plans for a # 500 m ` ` masterplan '' in manchester city centre have been put on hold .
iraqi forces have retaken the city of bazwaya in mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the roof of cardiff 's millennium stadium will be used at any point , according to welsh rugby union chief executive mike phillips .
the home office has launched an investigation into the deporting of 20 staff who have been illegally in the uk .
online retailer amazon has announced it is to establish a branch in the uk and other european countries in may .
former italy boss antonio conte has been named as the new coach of the world cup in russia .
a turkish pilot has been killed in a plane crash in northern syria , according to local media report .
it 's the venice biennale day , and you 're in the midst of an italian farm .
a pensioner died after he was hit by a boat while snorkelling in gwynedd , an inquest has heard .
the developer of the popular video game flappy bird has pulled out of the company 's official version .
the first test of spacex 's new rocket , spacex , takes place at the end of this week .
scientists in the us have used pig embryos to create pig embryos , in a pioneering experiment .
a young scottish teenager who has been dubbed ` ` the world 's greatest footballer '' has been named scotland 's greatest player .
dundee united 's jason goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the football association for allegedly striking an opponent .
when former england striker andre gazza appeared on bbc radio 4 's today programme , he 's the best footballer in the world .
millions of muslims around the world are celebrating eid al - fitr , marking the end of ramadan .
a table tennis player who was arrested after a schoolgirl 's body was found in a hotel room has been spared jail .
thousands of pupils in england are missing out on a place at their first choice school , according to the latest results from the bbc .
at least 23 people have been killed in an attack on a rubber boat off the libyan coast , officials say .
four men have admitted assaulting and robbing four people at a flat in fife and stealing money .
a grade ii - listed theatre in lancashire is to be sold off for # 1.5 m , the bbc understands .
chesterfield moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over relegation - threatened chesterfield .
north korea has test - fired a new intercontinental ballistic missile -lrb- icbm -rrb- .
the head of the uk 's monetary policy committee has said the global economy is ` ` more unstable '' .
the fbi has asked the us government to reconsider its correspondence with hillary clinton , the fbi says .
facebook has been criticised for failing to investigate reports of child sex offences on the social network , following a bbc investigation .
scottish football association chairman pete wishart has called for a ` ` proper discussion '' on match - fixing .
the owner of imax , the world 's biggest cinema chain , is set to raise funds for china .
congo 's president joseph tshibala has been named as the new president of the democratic republic of congo .
lancashire 's new chief constable will not face charges of misconduct , the county 's police and crime commissioner has said .
leicester city moved up to fourth in the premier league with a hard - fought victory over southampton .
facebook says it has developed a plan to map the world 's population maps of the middle east .
a police dog has been put to sleep after it bit a man in an unprovoked attack .
parts of the uk may be heading to the uk for the first time since the summer of 2014 .
germany 's economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9 % in 2016 , according to the country 's statistics agency .
a ` ` killer clown '' has apologised after a police appeal was issued to parents of children in county antrim .
australia 's government is calling for a ban on vaccinating children to be introduced in the country .
police investigating the ` ` cowardly and vicious '' serial killer peter tobin have said they will continue to search for information .
when steve jobs first launched an iphone in 2010 , the bbc 's steve jobs editor told the bbc that ` ` i had n't got it '' .
a section of didcot power station collapsed on sunday morning , leaving the building at the top of the table .
the head of venezuela 's army says it has foiled an attack on a military barracks in the capital caracas .
jonathan pavey will captain the british and irish lions in the second test against the hurricanes on tuesday .
facebook is to keep its founder on the board of gawker , the company 's founder has said .
a syrian refugee has been killed in a car crash in the german city of frankfurt , police say .
former health minister norman lamb has proposed a cross - party commission to examine the impact of the nhs in england .
a south korean basketball player has been charged with fabricating her father 's birth certificate and birth certificates .
a man has been arrested after a suspicious device was found on a road in dumfries .
the coroner who led an inquest into the kingsmill massacre has said there is a ` ` disappointment '' that a lack of resources has been put forward .
the west end play scrooge has opened in london 's west end , with one of the world 's best - selling actors .
a 94-year - old former nazi war criminal has been freed from prison for his role in the killings of four dutch jews in world war two .
it 's one of the busiest days of the year for the uk 's farmers and family .
a crime novel about a woman who became an ` ` action hero '' has won an outstanding contribution award .
the family of a teacher who died in a swimming accident at a school swimming pool have been awarded # 1 m in compensation .
donald trump and mexico 's president enrique pena nieto have held their first meeting since the us election .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest by a police officer .
barnet moved to within a point of the league two play - offs with victory at hartlepool .
a ` ` sleep walker '' who was found sleeping at the wheel of his car has been banned from driving .
two people have been killed in separate separate crashes in the republic of ireland in the early hours of sunday .
south africa batsman hashim amla has resigned as captain of the second test against england in cape town .
celtic manager brendan rodgers praised the impact of young midfielder oliver ntcham after his side 's 1 - 0 friendly win over celtic .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
when pope benedict came to power at the end of the season , the former archbishop of st peter 's basilica in rome , he was also a member of the roman catholic church .
donald trump has urged african - american communities to ` ` repair '' their ` ` inner city '' .
a murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in a wheelie bin .
women 's super league one club birmingham city ladies were held to a 1 - 1 draw at reading .
plans for a new entertainment arena in bristol have been unveiled by the city council in a bid to build a larger arena .
gylfi sigurdsson says his swansea city side showed ` ` good character '' to secure a vital win over aston villa .
the director of the metropolitan police has said he will review the way londoners are safe and safe .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the welsh government 's response to the brexit vote has been a great shock .
smoking breaks could be introduced at a county durham council after councillors voted to make it easier for people to use the internet .
plans for a new tennis court in north - eastern england have been submitted to the council .
partick thistle manager leon osman says he is ` ` not surprised '' by the departure of alan archibald .
world champion marc marquez won the south african moto3 moto3 moto3 world championship in valencia .
a man who indecently assaulted a woman in a kent street has been jailed for two years .
more than 500 migrants have been rescued from myanmar by smugglers after their boat capsized , officials say .
andy murray and novak djokovic will meet each other in sunday 's french open final on sunday .
the head of the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has apologised for comments he made about russia 's nazi concentration camp .
labour has launched an investigation after a councillor was suspended for sharing ` ` anti - immigration '' messages on social media .
a man has been killed and another wounded in a machete attack on a police station in belgium .
when tsai ing - wen became the first woman to be elected taiwan 's first female leader , she is also a question .
the british and irish lions beat new zealand in the second test in melbourne on saturday to win the third and final test in new zealand .
scarlets moved to within a point of the pro12 play - offs with a hard - fought victory over leinster .
a man in his 50s has been asked to take a dog to help him pick up a piece of land .
plans to build a new # 50 m hospital in somerset have been given the go - ahead .
viewsnight is bbc newsnight 's viewsnight debate about the rise of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
hundreds of eggs have been stolen from an important nest in a seaside resort , the environment secretary has said .
australia 's largest public school has banned students from making silent cheer at its annual assembly in melbourne .
a blogger who was arrested for insulting the prophet muhammad should be executed , a leading atheist group has said .
a police officer has apologised after wrongly recorded the wrong date of birth in his garden .
a 75-year - old woman has baked the ` ` best wedding cake '' of the jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- .
aaron cook 's selection panel has been criticised by the british olympic association -lrb- boa -rrb- following criticism of the selection of lutalo muhammad .
a powys school could be handed over to a local authority in a bid to save it from closure .
a record number of black - tailed godwits have flocked on the isle of tiree .
at least three journalists have been killed in a spate of drug - related violence in mexico .
pope francis , the world 's most famous cleric , is to make his first visit to africa .
the number of cancer cases in wales has risen by 19 % in 2015 , according to public health wales .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has declared a state of emergency in sierra leone after the outbreak of ebola .
the owner of australia 's biggest wine - maker , australia 's state wine group , twe , has submitted a revised takeover offer .
a number of flights have been cancelled in the republic of ireland due to strong winds and heavy rain .
the jury in the trial of former belfast man accused of sexually abusing a girl has been discharged .
a row has broken out over claims of ` ` technical problems '' at banksy 's exhibition in weston - super - mare .
hundreds of ` ` irish gypsies '' turned up to a golf club 's ` ` fairytale '' birthday party , police said .
rule the world 's first - ever grand national winner won the grand national at aintree to claim the first victory of his career .
torquay united have signed defender ruairi anderson from barrow for an undisclosed fee and wrexham respectively .
kilmarnock have signed kilmarnock pair liam waddington and liam davies on loan .
wakefield wildcats chairman jim carter says the club 's current lease is ` ` crippling '' .
an nhs trust criticised for failing to properly monitor patient safety has been praised by health watchdog inspectors .
a south korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing two colleagues and wounding five others .
people in scotland have been reacting to the news that the uk voted to leave the european union in june .
a man has apologised for leaving his tools out of pocket after he found it was stolen .
a judge in los angeles has issued an arrest warrant for eight celebrities accused of being a victim of a data leak .
an employee at leeds united has told an employment tribunal she was ` ` amazed '' by reports she was in a relationship .
this week 's un general election will take place in london 's times square , the bbc has learned .
pakistan have been granted permission to play their first test series in india in march and april , the cricket board has announced .
bournemouth striker danny wilson says he is ` ` ready '' to return to action after recovering from a knee injury .
a dolphin that washed up on a beach in spain has been ` ` sexually abused '' by tourists .
the beatles ' first management contract with john lennon and john lennon has sold for # 1,500 at auction .
royal bank of england -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it is ` ` confident '' that the uk economy is recovering from its stress tests .
national league side chester have signed cardiff city defender ryan lloyd on loan until the end of the season .
the home office has proposed new powers to allow internet firms to hack into children 's toys , according to a consumer group .
a man who died after being hit by a police force in china 's chengguan province has died , state media report .
the chief executive of wales ' health board has said he is ` ` very willing '' to speak to the families of patients who were treated like animals in hospital .
league one side fleetwood town have signed leicester city defender joe davis on loan until the end of the season .
leicester city 's hopes of reaching the premier league play - offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by west ham .
india 's largest pharmacies are to shut down all suspected illegal drugs suppliers in a crackdown .
carrick rangers have signed former crusaders and crusaders defender michael mcallister on a two - year contract .
a 16-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in bradford .
lee westwood says he is back to the ` ` stage '' of his first tour as he prepares to defend his title .
scotland 's charlie adderley won her fifth scottish squash title at the scottish national championships in edinburgh .
defending champion tommy wright beat michael van gerwen to reach the pdc world darts championship final .
plans to build a quarry on ancient woodland in kent have been branded ` ` inadequate '' by campaigners .
kilmarnock manager lee clark has urged his players to change the mentality of the club 's mentality .
plans to turn perth 's historic hall into a hotel and hotel could be given the ` ` preferred bidder '' status .
it 's a day of violence in germany , and it 's been a bittersweet attack .
the world 's longest - running human traffickers have been travelling to bangladesh for the first time .
the government in mexico 's southern state of oaxaca state has ordered the delivery of food to be delivered to a standstill .
south africa 's athlete oscar pistorius has told a court that he shot his girlfriend with a cricket bat in his toilet .
a cash machine in north lanarkshire was unable to return thousands of pounds in the wrong order .
a county antrim man is preparing to become a film - maker and film - maker in the us .
mixu paatelainen praised dundee united 's ` ` spirit and character '' after his side 's 2 - 2 draw with st johnstone .
nigeria 's main opposition congress has suffered its biggest defeat since military rule ended in military rule in 2007 .
scotland 's top law officer has urged the scottish government to ` ` rely '' on devolution .
the towpath at the pontcysyllte aqueduct in pontcysyllte , county antrim , is to close overnight .
landlords in england and wales will be able to evict tenants , under new government plans .
the number of plastic bottles dropped on beaches in the uk is at its highest level since 2014 , according to a charity .
wikileaks has released details of the cia 's use of malware by the cia .
the royal edinburgh festival is to be held in august for the first time in more than a decade .
the former editor of the sunday times newspaper , adrian gill , has died at the age of 89 .
former england striker jimmy greaves is to be inducted into the football hall of fame , his family has said .
the 2016 tour de france will be held in germany after organisers decided not to host the event .
the founder of kids company has accused the government of being ` ` too frightened '' to defend the charity .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney did n't know the size of his budget .
the leader of the uk independence party , suzanne evans , has announced she is to stand in the party 's leadership contest .
wrexham have appointed dean keates as their new manager on a two - year deal .   's time
police investigating the murder of a teenage girl in greater manchester 22 years ago have found a new dna profile .
chelsea have won the premier league title for the first time since the end of the season , but what is it really boring ?
iran 's sports minister has sparked a controversy over the wearing of a national goalkeeper 's trousers .
the league one match between peterborough united and peterborough united on saturday has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
homelessness in scotland is ` ` not all good news '' , according to the housing charity shelter scotland .
a man has been threatened with a knife during an aggravated burglary at a house in belfast .
the syrian government and western sources have been in talks about how to deal with the crisis in syria .
northern ireland 's rory mcilroy and belgian louis van zyl share the lead after the third round of the abu dhabi championship .
two people have been rescued from a tree in greater manchester after their pet was trapped in a tree .
new zealand and new zealand have agreed to create a ` ` vast '' marine zone -lrb- mpa -rrb- in the highlands .
websites offering so - called ` ` smart medicines '' are being put at risk by using fake and unlicensed medicines .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi cael eu dylai bod yn eu dylai ' r prif weinidogion yng nghaerdydd .
manchester city striker kevin de bruyne will miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
china 's ding junhui claimed his best chance of winning the world championship with a 6 - 2 victory over welshman mark williams .
at least two people have been killed in an explosion at a building in central italy , police say .
jenson button says there is ` ` no running - off '' on the new grand prix in baku .
a uk - registered member of the islamic republic of ireland has been awarded damages for allegedly selling oil to iran .
the family of a teenager who died after falling into the river thames in bath are to design a memorial to him .
the headline in the scottish sun newspaper 's first edition of the scottish national newspaper has been published .
more than 30,000 gritters in dorset are returning to work in a ` ` hot '' season , the county council has said .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` very interested '' in joining the european union -lrb- efta -rrb- .
salmon and salmon have been restored in a stretch of farmland in somerset to help reduce the flow of rivers .
a financial firm has announced it will create 500 new jobs in the east end of the financial year .
sports governing bodies in scotland are facing cuts of # 51.8 m over the next three years .
a grandmother has been found guilty of stealing # 500,000 from a fund set up by newport council .
the scottish spca has appealed for information after a female swan was shot dead in fife last month .
one of south africa 's most notorious criminals , ken coetzee , has died aged 87 .
a bus has reopened after a crash in which a man was seriously injured in a crash with a lorry .
the jury in the liam fee murder trial has been shown a video of a toddler lying on the floor of his home .
us president - elect donald trump has accused some of his musicians of wanting to perform at the inauguration of his inauguration .
when i first met in thailand , i had to find a solution to the rising heat of the world .
an accident and emergency unit at a north wales hospital is struggling to cope with the pressures faced by staff .
computer giant hewlett - packard has apologised to users who use unofficial printer cartridges .
two men have been charged with manslaughter following the death of a man at a west midlands restaurant .
a temporary footbridge has been found in a north yorkshire town after a dispute with the prime minister .
the world 's most complete stegosaurus , the largest creature in the world , has been painstakingly recreated .
finance minister simon hamilton has said a plan to cut costs paid for the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme will be ` ` carefully considered '' .
st helens have announced plans for a new stand at franklin 's gardens in the south of england .
british number one johanna konta reached the australian open semi - finals with a straight - set win over world number one andy murray .
the owner of tesco has apologised after he found a picture of him pulling carrots on an organic farm .
an ` ` ibyniaeth '' independence poster has been sold at auction in conwy county .
the head of brazil 's intelligence agency has denied reports of a terror attack in the brazilian city of rio de janeiro .
hull fc winger joe arundel has signed a new three - year contract with the super league club .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in the german city of augsburg .
great britain 's olympic and paralympic sports have lost their funding to uk sport for the 2020 games .
bristol city 's slim hopes of reaching the league one play - offs were dented by bristol city .
joe and jake tilthaft will perform in the final of the eurovision song contest , organisers have said .
manchester city have been fined # 40,000 for failing to ensure they are allowed to test players .
great britain 's giles scott won silver in the finn class at the 470 world cup in spain .
an unmanned version of virgin galactic 's spaceship has crashed in california , killing one of its pilots .
the bbc 's sports personality of the year kicks off the ballymena boys ' club hurling final .
andy murray reached the semi - finals of the atp world tour finals with victory over stan wawrinka in london .
work has started on a new section of the m8 in east lothian to cut disruption to commuters .
an inquest into the death of a man who died of measles has been opened and adjourned .
catalans dragons have sacked head coach denis shissinous as head coach until the end of the season .
hearts goalkeeper lee alexander and goalkeeper lee gallacher have both been ruled out for the rest of the season .
lance armstrong says he would ` ` probably '' return to public life again if he was convicted of doping .
the new chief executive of scotland 's only independent savings bank is to take up a new role .
older people in england are struggling to cope with a lack of support , according to a new report .
the prime minister 's refusal to take military action against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria has been met with a mixture of frustration .
leigh centurions have signed half - back rangi chase on a deal until the end of the season .
a kent council is facing a # 600,000 cut in government funding over the next two years .
more than 1,600 rare spiderlings have been released into a nature reserve in east anglia .
google has been given a reward of $ 12,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 12,000 -rrb- for information on the search giant 's website .
a late penalty from omar bogle earned grimsby a 2 - 2 draw with barnet in league two .
police in the us city of ferguson say they have halted a large - scale protest over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown .
league two side burton albion have signed senegal international cauley woodrow on loan until the end of the season .
one of australia 's richest men , one of the country 's most successful cattle farms , is selling its assets to foreign investors .
the owner of the loch ness monster has found a deeper deeper in the sea off the coast of scotland .
a global average of 60 countries over the age of 60 has been compiled by an international think tank .
the number of bee deaths in europe is at its lowest level since 2012 , according to a new study .
a four - year - old boy who died in a house fire in neath port talbot has been named by police .
a 19-year - old man has been sentenced to two years in prison for hacking into us computer systems .
a new camera is being installed at a porthcawl lifeboat station in a bid to cut sea conditions .
it 's a ` ` dark period '' for the nhs in england and wales , but what does it mean ?
an expert on how to keep money in order has said it is time to start talking about money .
scotland 's mountain ski resort has reported a big rise in visitor numbers this year , according to industry figures .
the closure of a fire station in berkshire is to be decided , the fire and rescue service has said .
an aberdeen international comedy festival is to be held next year , organisers have announced .   's event .
police investigating the murder of a woman in county down are appealing for witnesses to come forward after her death .
league two side shrewsbury town have signed teenage striker tyler roberts from west bromwich albion for an undisclosed fee .
david cameron is to hold talks with german chancellor angela merkel about the uk 's relationship with the eu .
a 63-year - old woman has died after a fire at a house in kilmarnock .
a former head teacher has been jailed for nine years for raping and sexually abusing seven girls .
wales ran in seven second - half second - half tries as they thrashed scarlets to reach the women 's six nations .
league two side leyton orient have released former leyton orient and leyton orient midfielder danny cox .
the cyber - attack on talktalk has affected more than 5,000 customers , the company has said .
prince harry has launched a multi - million pound tourism project aimed at helping to protect coral reefs in the uk .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in an anti - establishment rally in catalonia .
craig shakespeare 's future as leicester manager is ` ` out of order '' , according to former england striker dean keown .
a man has died and three people have been injured in a suspected gas explosion in the canary islands .
england 's six nations campaign is under way , and they will have to break their record for consecutive wins .
the serious fraud office -lrb- sfo -rrb- says it will continue to investigate allegations made by uk football officials .
theresa may has vowed to make a ` ` success '' of the eu after the uk voted to leave the european union .
people in wales are being ` ` fed up to the back teeth '' by ` ` scaremongering '' , the liberal democrats have said .
the us space agency has launched a spacecraft that will be sent back to earth for the first time .
inverness caledonian thistle moved up to fourth in the scottish premiership with a comfortable victory over partick thistle .
lawyers representing families who lost their baby 's ashes have launched a legal challenge against a crematorium .
a 20-year - old woman who went missing in california last week has been found safe and well .
barratt homes has announced plans to build more than 100 new homes in edinburgh and east lothian .
three hong kong pro - democracy activists have been jailed for six years for assaulting a protester .
the founder of the us cancer charity the alarm is leading a campaign to increase the number of people in the us .
scientists have made a ` ` significant step forward '' to correct the immune response to type 1 diabetes .
a motorcyclist who died when he was hit by a car in bradford has been named .
a tory mp has accused the conservatives of breaking a pledge to devolution to the welsh assembly .
pink floyd have named a species of ` ` gun '' after pink floyd after the band 's former bandmates .
letting agents in wales should be banned from charging fees to private tenants , a labour am has said .
russia 's decision to hold a referendum on independence in ukraine 's second city of kiev has been a major step forward .
the number of older prisoners in england and wales is at its highest level since 2002 , according to a new report .
twenty - five people have been arrested in connection with an investigation into dissident republicans in east belfast .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder two men who were sprayed with acid at them .
scotland head coach vern cotter says he will ` ` move on '' with gregor townsend 's contract to remain as head coach .
a ferry serving the isle of man has been forced to make an emergency landing on the island of man .
a car bomb has exploded at a police station in north - eastern turkey , killing at least six people , the turkish army says .
the church of england has announced that it is withdrawing billions of dollars from fossil fuels from all fossil fuels .
the number of homeowners in the uk has risen to a record high , according to the latest official figures .
hibernian came from behind to beat st mirren and move into fourth place in the scottish championship .
two prisoners have been on the roof of a bridgend prison in bridgend county , police have said .
lionel messi will be called up as argentina coach next month , according to coach paulo bauza .
german chancellor angela merkel 's right - wing populist alternative fuer germany -lrb- afd -rrb- party has won the presidential election .
the father of a man who was forced to work for his children in their home in cardiff has told the high court he did not do so .
lincoln city reached the third round of the fa cup with a comfortable victory over league one side oldham .
oscar - winning actor eddie eddie eddie is to make his first trans role in the theory of everything .
fraud is increasing the risk of identity theft in the uk , according to a new survey by fraud experts .
derbyshire have terminated the contracts of fast bowlers lewis and opener lewis lewis mckay , tying them to the club until the end of the season .
first minister carwyn jones has condemned the conservatives ' ` ` terrible insult '' to people in wales .
substitute shay bolarinwa scored twice as grimsby came from behind to beat accrington in league two .
liberia 's former international football captain john weah has been elected to the country 's senate .
irish paralympic star jason smyth is aiming to become the first disabled athlete to compete at the rio paralympics .
it 's one of the world 's most famous cartoonists , but it 's the ` ` turning point '' .
police in india have arrested the husband of a woman who died in a botched abortion in the northern state of haryana .
a wall hanging is to be created in the scottish borders for the first time in more than 100 years .
the north - west cup quarter - final between tyrone and lisburn will be held on saturday after the final day of the season .
the government 's spending watchdog , the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- , has revealed that the big four private sector contractors are making billions of pounds of public services .
pop star taylor swift has been added to a list of the most popular songs of the year , the bbc has learned .
older ethnic minorities in hong kong are not getting enough support to get their education , according to a new report .
five - time wimbledon champion rafael nadal has set a new record for the number of tennis players .
bristol city boss daniel sturrock has been left out of his squad for the rest of the season .
us investment bank goldman sachs has announced it is changing its selection process for its first - round graduates .
a new type of lithium - ion batteries could be built on the surface of the lab , according to researchers .
defending champion angelique kerber beat dominika cibulkova to reach the final of the wta finals in eastbourne .
police in italy have arrested 17 people suspected of being involved in an anti - terrorism operation .
samsung electronics has agreed a deal to buy its vehicles for $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
oscar - winning actress jane fonda has been honoured with the international film institute -lrb- afi -rrb- award .
queens park rangers have signed left - back callum mcgregor from championship side qpr on loan until the end of the season .
a mental health worker who used ` ` adult porn '' while on duty has been sacked for a second time .
an amateur observatory has been awarded an award for the best view of the night sky above the uk .
british actress karen gillan has been cast on the cover of the new film guardians of the galaxy .
nasa 's curiosity rover has taken a first breath of methane on the red planet mars , in an effort to identify the source of methane .
a high court judge has overturned a decision to refuse planning permission for a housing development on a housing estate .
a project to restore one of the uk 's rarest birds of prey has been hailed a success .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said there will be ` ` significant arrests '' in the coming days .
more than # 1 m is to be spent on beach huts in the south west of england , the government has announced .
the family of a motorcyclist who died after he was hit by a pothole in greater manchester have said they are ` ` determined to learn lessons '' .
two of the world 's biggest smartphone manufacturers , lenovo and acer , have unveiled their latest figures .
the ` ` split in our society '' is growing in the wake of the brexit vote , a human rights watchdog has warned .
campaigners are taking part in a protest against plans for a new nuclear power station in the lake district .
the northern ireland affairs committee has opened an investigation into the impact of brexit on northern ireland .
it 's one of the most expensive countries in the history of the border , but it 's not only the only thing that has ever seen .
the illegal trade on the dark web is ` ` real '' , according to a new report .
a man who raped a woman in a ` ` horrific '' attack has been jailed for 30 years .
wales manager chris coleman says teenager marcus rashford is a ` ` class act '' as he prepares to face england in the euro 2016 semi - final .
the pirate bay website , which was taken offline in sweden last month , has returned toline .
a freight train has derailed in the us state of tennessee , killing at least seven people and injuring several others .
in the wake of the uk 's decision to leave the european union , the bbc 's milton nkosi looks at how the uk voted to leave .
the ospreys are to review their handling of the news of richard johnson 's exit from scotland .
alfred hitchcock 's best - selling film gravity has been voted the best film of his generation .
the father of a boy who has been born in wales has announced her first child , bbc wales understands .
south africa 's new mayor has announced that he will no longer use luxury cars in the capital , pretoria .
serbia captain branislav ivanovic says he will be ` ` very careful '' with his side 's world cup qualification hopes .
women 's super league two club yeovil town ladies have re - signed england under-23 international rachel howard on a two - year deal .
a pensioner has been threatened with a hammer during a burglary at his home in glasgow .
michael phelps , the most decorated olympian of all time , won the men 's 100 m freestyle at the olympics in london .
connacht have signed prop dominic robertson - mccoy from leinster on a two - year deal for next season .
team sky have apologised after a high - speed train was hit by a high - speed crash in belgium .
a 21-year - old woman who died after being hit by a car in perthshire has been named by police .
three men have been jailed for killing a teenager who was stabbed to death in a ` ` scourge of society '' .
the bbc 's director of classical music , anna alsop , has spoken to the bbc about the importance of female conductor .
the chairman of a panel set up to review the workings of the freedom of information act has said he is ` ` open - minded '' .
renowned classical conductor and composer sir chris hogwood has died at the age of 84 , his family has confirmed .
bournemouth striker joshua king says the club 's ` ` mentality will not stop '' if they are safe .
when bolivian president henrique cappa first discovered a rare documentary about the execution of a man in the capital , la paz , the bbc 's horizonte looks at what happened in the country .
the death of muhammad ali , the world 's most famous boxer , has prompted a social media frenzy .
nigeria 's capital , lagos , has been hit by a crackdown on noise in the city .
india 's visa system is set to become the world 's first ` ` biometric database '' .
fishermen in north - eastern cambodia have been enjoying a new era of fishing for the first time .
former snp leader alex salmond has been criticised for being ` ` not an art critic '' in the commons over the syrian crisis .
a woman who admitted taking a lethal drug to kill her unborn baby has been jailed for four years .
the future of wales ' national parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty has been criticised by conservationists .
wolfsburg beat borussia dortmund 2 - 1 to win the german cup for the first time in four years .
online learning will be ` ` a lot earlier than 10 years '' , according to a leading technology provider .
millions of indonesians have been reacting to the news that a 14-year - old boy was nominated for the grammy award .
hollywood director malick malick is among the winners of this year 's venice international film festival .
construction has begun on a giant shield to protect the remaining section of the chernobyl nuclear reactor in ukraine .
a group of yazidi women have been talking about the plight of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
petrol bombs have been dumped at the scene of a petrol bomb in strabane , county armagh .
the family of a man who fell through a skylight during a ` ` criminal '' attack have been ordered to pay # 150,000 .
a former cia station chief who was convicted of kidnapping a terror suspect has been freed , italian officials say .
at least 19 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the iraqi city of iskandariya .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has been named the winner of the martin ennals human rights award .
a murder investigation has been launched after a house fire in east sussex left a man dead and two others injured .
labour sources say they have not seen a draft version of the party 's manifesto before the general election .
legoland has said it will be ` ` frustrated '' by delays to its exit from its legoland car park .
the uk government has temporarily suspended the use of the ` ` fast - track '' system for asylum seekers .
gopro , the maker of the world 's biggest - selling drone maker , is to cut 2,000 jobs .
one of scotland 's most iconic buildings , charles rennie mackintosh , has been officially opened in glasgow .
harlequins have signed fly - half demetri catraknas from french side harlequins .
the bbc 's decision not to put a new scottish news channel on bbc one has been delayed .
plans for a new justice centre in inverness have been submitted to the scottish government for the first time .
the number of new enquiries in the uk has fallen sharply , according to the latest industry body .
aung san suu kyi , the national league of democracy -lrb- nld -rrb- , has chosen a new candidate for the presidency of myanmar 's parliament .
plans have been unveiled for a # 26.7 m renovation project at the palace of buckingham palace .
david wallach , who was best known for his role as the ` ` golden seven '' , has died at the age of 89 .
it 's one of the main political parties in wales , but i ' ve been in the run - up to the general election .
league one side oldham athletic have offered free entry to their league one play - off semi - final against brentford .
the british film industry spent # 1.7 bn in 2014 , according to figures from the bfi .
plans for a new museum on the site of a former raf base in bristol have been given the go - ahead .
a man who died after his car crashed into a roundabout was ` ` in good order '' , an inquest has heard .
the uk 's economy grew by 0.7 % in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says david de gea will not play for the club again this season .
police are ` ` failing '' in tackling child sex abuse in rochdale , a victim of the rochdale gang has said .
derbyshire have signed fast bowlers jake cotton and matt taylor on loan until the end of the season .
united states striker abby wambach has announced her retirement from international football with immediate effect in december .
league one side walsall have signed crewe alexandra defender jon mccarthy on loan until the end of the season .
they 're a member of one of the world 's best - selling pop stars , but they 're not a single .
plans to introduce a ban on the use of e - cigarettes in england have been unveiled by the welsh government .
newcastle united have signed senegal international midfielder riyad makris from fc copenhagen for an undisclosed fee .
police in los angeles are searching for actress lupita nyong ' o after her wedding dress was stolen during the red carpet .
plaid cymru has launched its vision for wales to create a ` ` well - educated '' country .
the head of the un 's security council is in the running to become the next un secretary general .
a driver has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car .
the boss of a uk - based airline which was hit by the collapse of turkey 's ataturk airport has said he is ` ` very sad '' to close .
hundreds of christians have taken part in the funerals of christians in pakistan 's restive city of lahore .
a man who killed a 15-year - old girl in 1976 has been jailed for her murder .
ivory coast 's army says it has begun an army mutiny in the north - eastern city of abidjan .
national league side macclesfield town have signed everton striker ngoo on loan until the end of the season .
a new law to tackle tax evasion is to be introduced by banks and corporations , danny alexander has said .
a school 's oldest microscope has been returned to a herefordshire school after it was found in a library book .
the number of bus services in wales is set to rise by 40 % over the next five years , according to local authorities .
a public inquiry is to be held into plans to build a new road on the site of a village in kent .
more than 1,000 people have travelled to northern ireland for the first time since the republic of ireland voted to leave the eu .
league two side stevenage have signed former barnet striker jake hyde on a two - year contract . .
donald trump 's decision to move his son barron into the white house is ` ` appalling '' , according to social media .
the beatles ' sgt pepper album has been valued at # 7,000 , according to a new magazine .
tributes have been paid to a 92-year - old man who died in a crash with a van .
wales coach warren gatland says his side 's failure to win the six nations was a ` ` bit of frustration '' .
too many young people are being offered apprenticeships in england every year , according to a new report .
the number of women breastfeed in england has risen by more than 30 % in the past 25 years , figures show .
a business case for a hydro - elector of the western isles has been submitted to the scottish government .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru wedi cael eu cymdeithas oedu ' n yr yr yr yn cael eu hawdd yr yn yr yr yng nghaerdydd .
york city have signed striker gary parkin from macclesfield town on a one - year contract .
the prime minister , baroness warsi , has resigned from the government after a row over israel 's involvement in the gaza war .
defending champion angelique kerber reached the third round of the australian open with a 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 6 -rrb- 7 - 6 -lrb- 7 - 3 -rrb- 7 - 5 win over china 's zheng .
michael boyd is to write an official version of the new james bond novel , according to the author 's estate .
russia 's government has lifted a ban on pornography websites that have been accused of ` ` spreading pornography '' .
a former head of mi5 has said the uk 's involvement in the iraq invasion was ` ` limited '' .
the battle for the city of tal afar in iraq 's north - eastern city of mosul is now under way .
everton boss roy keane says the republic of ireland 's players need to ` ` toughen up '' in their training schedule .
dozens of people have been injured in clashes between police and anti - racism protesters in maidstone .
an electrical fire at a storage site in peterhead , county antrim , is being treated as suspicious .
three men have been charged in connection with the discovery of an explosive device in craigavon , county armagh .
referee nigel owens says he is ` ` enjoying '' his career as he prepares to become the first referee to take charge of the world cup .
australia 's former police chief , peter dutton , has accused two media of ` ` sex offences '' .
a teenager has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street brawl in essex .
lotus has been adjourned for a second time in a dispute with hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- .
the archbishop of wales has said that christians will not be able to enter the uk 's refugee camps .
the leader of northampton borough council has announced he is to stand for re - election in may .
plans to increase the cost of a police course in avon and somerset have been criticised by a group of drivers .
the world 's biggest smartphone maker , apple , has reported a jump in full - year profits .
` ` it 's the greatest sprinter in sport , '' says justin gatlin , the man who ran the fastest 100 m and 200 m .
the greek government says it will hold a referendum on the terms of the bailout offered by international creditors on sunday .
london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- has apologised for using the term ` ` yes '' to describe the blaze .
the uk 's biggest satellite - sharing network , oneweb , has opened in france .
gillingham have terminated the contract of manager russell byrne after the league two club cancelled his contract with newport county .
an audit into the activities of an amateur boxing association has found no evidence that it is fit for purpose .
a businessman who has been running an ambulance service for six months has said he is ` ` aggrieved '' about his future .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash .
chelsea ladies moved up to fourth in women 's super league one with a comfortable victory over liverpool ladies .
england 's justin rose will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the dean & deluca invitational .
a transgender woman in india 's southern state of tamil nadu is to become the first police officer in the country .
chris coleman 's future as manager of wales will be ` ` hard for him '' , according to the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- .
the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- has agreed to merge with german rival deutsche boerse .
fifa president michel platini will become the next president of world football 's governing body , the football association says .
ben ainslie 's return to the pacific ocean came to an end as oracle team new zealand won the 470 world cup .
a man who sexually assaulted a woman in the us state of ohio has been freed from a prison .
adam johnson scored twice as motherwell came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and move into fourth place in the premiership .
us president donald trump has said he believes president barack obama is behind his plan to increase military spending .
the number of women becoming nuns in the uk has risen by more than 50 years , according to the church of england .
st johnstone have signed kyle mcclean from scottish premiership side st johnstone for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
four soldiers who died in a collision with a police car in afghanistan died from injuries , an inquest has heard .
the number of people dying from heart disease in scotland has fallen for the first time since 2010 , according to official figures .
one of scotland 's largest commercial airlines , loganair , is to undergo a # 3.5 m refit .
a wind farm in county londonderry has collapsed , killing one person and injuring more than 100 others .
a police force failed to act on ` ` poor practice '' to prevent the death of a baby , a serious case review has found .
former finance minister michael parkinson has been re - elected as guernsey 's st peter port north by - election .
new measures to tackle pollution in the uk will be introduced by the end of next year , the transport secretary has said .
a man in brazil has found what is believed to be the largest piece of debris found in the country .
china 's steel industry will be ` ` very positive '' , business secretary sajid javid has said .
a group of indian nurses who were stranded in a hospital in iraq have returned home after being freed by militants .
the new england patriots quarterback tom brady has apologised to fans for deflate - gate during a game .
england 's ian poulter carded a six - under - par 66 to win the dubai desert classic .
a man from rhondda cynon taff whose postcard was accidentally dropped through his mail has said he is ` ` baffled '' by the postcard .
a man has been arrested in connection with allegations that kate middleton 's icloud account was hacked .
robert snodgrass 's first premier league goal of the season gave hull victory over southampton .
a record - breaking temperature of 6 degrees over the uk has been recorded in the uk , according to forecasters .
chelsea have appointed guus hiddink as their new manager , replacing jose mourinho .
crystal palace winger yannick bolasie has signed a new three - and - a - half - year contract with the championship club .
work to build an arts centre in gwynedd is ` ` a mess '' , a construction worker has claimed .
there has been a flurry of strikes in the nhs in england and wales since the end of last week .
former barcelona manager johan cruyff has died at the age of 67 , his family has said .
india 's transport ministry has apologised for helping a pregnant woman in the southern state of haryana .
three men arrested in connection with the murder of edward mcilhagga have been released without charge .
the government has said it will not be able to ` ` bypass parliament '' after brexit .
israeli police are investigating allegations of price - fixing by millions of jews at the auschwitz death camp .
a former nhs doctor who downloaded thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for nine years .
young people from poorer backgrounds are being ` ` excluded '' from their jobs , a report says .
england 's joe root has the ` ` fire in his stomach '' , according to former captain james anderson .
a lorry driver who admitted causing the death of a couple in a crash has been jailed for five years .
america 's economic wo n't have a much - anticipated world , but it 's exactly how much it is .
two brothers have appeared in court charged with drugs offences in connection with the seizure of cocaine in north belfast .
a woman in the us state of utah has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering her newborns .
police in el salvador have released an ad that shows the presence of drug cartels in the region .
a man 's body has been found at a recycling plant in somerset , police have said , following the death of a man .
plans to build a new bridge on the a9 between inverness and perth are being considered by transport scotland .
councils in england are being allowed to sponsor their own academies , according to the local government association -lrb- lga -rrb- .
brighton striker ross stephens will miss the championship play - off final against sheffield wednesday after the football association rejected his red card .
an app that allows people to get super - speed broadband has been launched by telecoms regulator ofcom .
a fire at a block of flats in south - west london has forced the closure of two main lines .
it 's one of the most famous names in footballing history , but wales ' record - breaking record - breaking legend sir roger wallace has never been forgotten .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for killing his girlfriend .
syrian government forces have captured the eastern outskirts of the city of khalidiya , a stronghold of the rebel - held city .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after a crash on the a470 in monmouthshire .
tyson fury 's son juan carlos raw will fight tyson fury jr in new zealand on 10 december .
ac milan have signed ac milan defender neuro benedicic on a season - long loan deal .
two police officers have been convicted of conspiring to steal drugs worth thousands of pounds and heroin .
plans have been submitted for a new cancer care centre at royal glamorgan hospital in the south wales valleys .
ethiopia is one of the world 's best - known countries , but it is not considered to invest in the country .
campaigners are calling for a new centre to be set up in wales to improve treatment for young people with duchenne muscular dystrophy .
a woman who has died of post - polio syndrome -lrb- pps -rrb- has been described as an ` ` example to people '' .
somerset have re - signed south africa batsman matt van der nerwe on a two - year contract .
the final appeal to save a cathedral 's cathedral has failed to meet its # 500,000 target .
indonesia has recalled its ambassador to canberra for ` ` reasonable '' after allegations of spying in the country .
bournemouth have re - signed sunderland striker jermain defoe for an undisclosed fee , believed to be around # 10 m .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed higher on monday as the pound strengthened against the dollar .
the fbi has asked the fbi to help in the case of two people accused of killing a man in california .
the brazilian samba school of rio de janeiro has won the most famous samba schools in the world cup .
olam , one of the world 's largest suppliers of palm oil , has accused singapore 's olam of selling ` ` unauthorised '' palm oil .
the us has appointed a new envoy to cuba , the first since the communist party took office in 1979 .
west ham 's mike dean has been criticised for his red card in sunday 's fa cup win over west ham .
new sunderland striker michael vaughan says he will be ` ` mentally tough '' for the club this season .
double olympic champion nicola adams says she is ` ` in awe '' after becoming the first woman to fight in las vegas .
a man is in a serious condition in hospital after being seriously injured in an edinburgh business premises , police have said .
theresa may has been expecting to talk about the future of britain 's relationship with the european union .
three people have died in japan after choking on mochi on a rice broth , local media report .
the uk 's food and drink industry has hit its highest level since the brexit vote .
there has been a sharp rise in the number of police shootings in england and wales , the police watchdog has said .
a court in russia has sentenced six dancing dancers to three years in prison for breaching military honours .
a man has denied the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car in swansea .
the first part of the labour party 's ` ` lock '' in the general election campaign has been laid bare .
police investigating the murder of two people at a flat in north london have released a fresh appeal for witnesses .
labour leadership contender liz kendall has said she is ` ` not sure '' she will win the contest to succeed ed miliband .
fixed - odds betting machines in the uk are to be kept under review , the government has said .
an orange order parade in ardoyne , county londonderry , has taken place in the ardoyne area .
former republic of ireland defender stephen callaghan has been appointed as the new manager of carrick rangers .
sony is to resume production in vinyl , the world 's biggest producer of vinyl , in japan .
the north carolina house speaker has vowed to ` ` clean up '' the ` ` mess '' of president barack obama 's healthcare law .
one of the world 's biggest banks will be tested for a range of ` ` floundering '' stress tests .
former west indies coach phil simmons has apologised for his angry remarks about the conduct of two of his players .
russell knox was looking forward to the start of his new year 's open at royal troon .
a man has been arrested after a suspicious vehicle was found on a busy road in glasgow city centre .
the mother of a scottish man killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria has said her daughter 's ` ` need to be eliminated '' .
a cheap drug can boost the effectiveness of the immune system , a study in the us has suggested .
a flight from edinburgh to chicago was forced to make an emergency landing at edinburgh airport due to a mechanical problem .
the husband of a british woman jailed in iran for plotting to overthrow the government says he is ` ` frightened '' .
the chief executive of bt , joe garner , is to leave the company , the bbc has learned .
a police officer has been arrested after an anonymous tip - off on a counter - terrorism alert .
mark latham won great britain 's second gold medal of the track cycling world championships in hong kong .
ufc 200 winner conor mcgregor has confirmed he will return to the sport 's governing body , following a dispute with his manager .
one of the world 's longest - running and best - selling estates has opened its doors for the first time .
the bbc 's website has released an interactive video which shows how we buy food and how we are .
the eu 's defence secretary has said the uk will continue to oppose plans to create an eu army .
morocco has returned to the african union -lrb- au -rrb- to join the continent 's regional body .
former premier league footballer clarke carlisle has been given a two - and - a - half - year suspended jail sentence for dangerous driving .
england boss roy hodgson says his side must learn from their ` ` defeat '' to switzerland in their euro 2016 opener .
the second trial of two former leaders of cambodia 's khmer rouge regime is due to begin in september .
a man has been charged in connection with an explosion at a police station in dungannon , county tyrone .
wrexham have appointed dean morrell as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
a woman in her 50s is in a critical condition in hospital after a house fire in the republic of ireland .
this year 's eurovision song contest will take place in kiev , which organisers say is the biggest event in the world .
a # 50 m tax bill could result in a ` ` significant negative impact '' on the welsh economy , according to a new report .
coral bleaching could not be enough to save the world 's great barrier reef , according to scientists .
fishermen in scotland have been given a 5 % increase in their fishing quotas for the next year .
serbia 's largest refugee centre , the centre of the capital belgrade , is home to refugees from syria .
pakistan has lifted a ban on access to youtube , which allows users to be removed from the internet .
two of the last journalists in scotland 's fleet street are celebrating the end of the 19th century .
britain 's chris froome has won the vuelta a espana after a crash in colombia on sunday .
a 16-year - old girl who headbutted a police officer in dundee has been given a community payback order .
the first woman to be bishop of greater manchester has become the first female bishop in the church of england .
up to 50 jobs could be lost at a torfaen distribution centre after a buyer was found .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a van in leicester .
the longest - serving head teacher in the uk has announced he is retiring from primary school in devon .
the uk 's biggest scientific body has called for the creation of genetically modified crops in the uk .
peter kennaugh won the tour de france for the first time with victory in the opening stage .
substitute richarlison scored twice as bristol city came from behind to beat watford in the efl cup first round .
a record number of jobs were created in wales in the last financial year , according to official figures .
the separatist separatist party in spain 's catalonia region has declared a referendum on independence .
the head of the spanish football federation -lrb- renfe -rrb- has said the driver of a train that derailed last month was not on duty .
` ` it 's not a normal day , '' said the bank of cyprus 's chief economist bob marley .
premier league clubs have ` ` turned the corner '' in 2016 , according to financial consultancy deloitte .
top gear presenter mark yentob says he is ` ` gutted '' by the decision to leave the bbc .
the us government has approved new rules that allow car owners to make repairs to their vehicles without permission .
google has been ordered to release fake reviews of fake reviews after a dutch nursery complained it had been in breach of anti - spam rules .
hampshire and england all - rounder ryan berg could be out for up to six weeks after fracturing his left leg .
the prince of wales has praised the queen for her ` ` commitment to royal duty '' , following her 90th birthday .
former scotland and scotland assistant manager alan watson has been named as the new national team 's coaching staff .
voters in merseyside are being asked to choose a police and crime commissioner in the local elections .
craig whyte and ryan forsythe both scored twice as linfield beat champions crusaders in the irish premiership .
a man has been left ` ` absolutely traumatised '' after he was robbed and robbed by two masked men .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed in air strikes in the syrian city of raqqa , activists say .
the ministry of defence is to buy four royal navy warships which have been put up for sale for sale .
iran 's nuclear programme needs to be ` ` dismantling '' and ` ` dismantling the country 's military '' , foreign minister laurent fabius has said .
it 's difficult to find a university place in 2017 , but it 's already difficult to get a place .
the world 's largest cruise ship , which ran aground last week , has docked in the us .
the metropolitan police commissioner 's -lrb- cps -rrb- decision to drop the case of a man accused of rape is ` ` shocking '' .
more than 300 jobs are to be lost at a walkers crisp factory in east durham by the end of december .
archaeologists have uncovered what is thought to be the largest open settlement in britain in the early roman period .
jose garcia , the former chief prosecutor of football 's world governing body fifa , has died at the age of 83 .
jonathan grealish scored twice as england opened their world cup campaign with a comfortable victory over guinea in johannesburg .
a suicidal woman who tried to kill herself was ` ` royally fired it up '' , the high court has ruled .
a senior chaplain has resigned after reading a passage from the koran at a glasgow cathedral was ` ` bad '' .
wales coach warren gatland says he is ` ` gutted '' after his side 's heavy defeat by new zealand .
arsenal defender krystian bielik has joined legia warsaw on a season - long loan deal .
glasgow warriors reached the european champions cup quarter - finals for the first time in their history as they beat northampton on saturday .
home depot , the owner of the us housing market , has reported better - than - expected sales .
it 's one of tennis 's most famous players , but i ' m pleased with the coach 's comments about seppi karlovic .
the loss of a 19th century mill in west yorkshire has been described as ` ` deeply affected '' .
the uk 's decision to take military action against islamic state militants in syria has been described as a ` ` disaster '' .
a plant that has been used to conceal the secrets of the uk 's plants has been discovered in japan .
defending champion phil taylor beat dutchman huybrechts to reach the quarter - finals of the pdc world darts championship .
widnes vikings moved up to fourth in super league with a hard - fought victory over salford .
a man who stabbed his ex - girlfriend to death in a ` ` frenzied '' knife attack has been jailed for life .
the partner of a transgender woman who died at a leeds prison said she ` ` ca n't stop crying '' .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has urged jeremy corbyn to ` ` unite '' the party .
work is being carried out on the restoration of swansea 's longest canal , the canal trust has said .
instagram has announced that it is to start making its first public - based company in the us .
stephen slipper , the former speaker of the house of commons , has resigned after a row over sexual harassment .
an italian man has been arrested after cocaine with an estimated street value of more than $ 2 m -lrb- # 1.4 m -rrb- was found in a suitcase on the italian opera house .
it 's one of the most important stories in northern ireland , with the news letter , the editor of the daily telegraph and news letter .
ricky burns retained his wbc super - middleweight title with a hard - fought victory over mexico 's beltran .
mexican police are searching for a man suspected of being involved in the kidnapping of footballer alan pulido .
the critically ill - fated emperor penguins are travelling around the antarctic , according to a new study .
plans for a new # 14 m lifeboat station in scarborough have been given the go - ahead .
the price of scottish pork has fallen by 18 % in the last year , according to a farming group .
michael dunlop set the pace in the opening practice session of this week 's isle of man grand prix .
a 21-year - old man has died after falling unconscious during a party in south - east london .
hull city captain steve bruce says he is ` ` gutted '' captain robert snodgrass will be out for six months with a serious knee injury .
matt threlkeld 's first goal of the season earned plymouth a draw with crawley in league two .
a college in dorset has been awarded # 1.5 m to improve its teaching and learning skills .
league two side rochdale have signed burnley defender ben jones on a two - year deal . . . .   < q >
a canoe has been found on the m1 in the middle of the road after it was found on a motorway .
police have released cctv footage showing the body of missing woman natalie stevenson in wirral last month .
edinburgh went top of the pro12 with a hard - fought victory over newport gwent dragons .
the us department of justice has agreed to pay $ 13bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 13bn -rrb- in fines for the sale of mortgage - backed securities .
plans to build a new tube station in south - east london have been approved by the government .
the number of women suffering miscarriages in the first three months of pregnancy has reached a record high .
the first test between england and india in rajkot may seem to be difficult for the first time .
microsoft has unveiled an app that allows gamers to control games consoles on their tvs and tablets .
lancashire and worcestershire 's hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented by rain .
kilmarnock 's hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they lost to ross county .
snooker player lee chung - yong has been fined # 1,600 for defrauding his wife out of # 1,600 .
the environment minister has said she is looking at ways to make the future of wales ' forests work harder .
the european union 's chief brexit negotiator , the eu 's ` ` great deal '' , is the biggest deal in the uk 's history .
the government 's immigration cap has been ` ` counterproductive '' , mps have said .
former celtic captain barry ferguson has backed scott allan to become a ` ` class act '' for celtic .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest at the closure of two steel plants in lanarkshire .
a former ira member has been charged with aiding and involvement in the murder of jean mcconville in 1972 .
warner bros has announced that it will write a sequel to the fantastic beasts and where to find them .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in worcestershire .
former portuguese defender bruno alves is the right defender to join celtic , according to former portuguese striker john mccarthy .
a man accused of attempting to murder a drug dealer has told a court he was ` ` thrown to the ground '' when he was shot .
ciara mageean has been left out of the ireland team for the european athletics championships in rome .
the father of one direction has said he is ` ` frustrated and frustrated '' after the band cancelled a concert in belfast .
manchester united are close to making their champions league debut in the champions league this season , according to the club 's owners .
teachers ' pay and conditions in wales will be devolved , welsh secretary alun cairns has said .
the us - led coalition battling islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria 's north - eastern province of dablan has said it carried out an attack on civilians .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
south africa are on course for a first win of the three - match series after beating sri lanka by seven wickets in cape town .
a hospital in merseyside has banned visitors from visiting a&e department because of a norovirus outbreak .
a man has died in a fire at a house in oxford .   's roof and a fire .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the hungarian grand prix .
mae heddlu ' r heddlu gogledd wedi cael eu heddlu gorfforol difrifol difrifol iddo yn nhw yng nghaerdydd .
mario balotelli says he will ` ` leave the pitch '' if he was racially abused during a match .
a prominent indian writer has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem on social media .
england manager sam allardyce says he is ` ` worried '' about the future of goalkeeper joe hart .
former lib dem mp bob marshall - andrews has announced he is leaving the party to join the liberal democrats .
welsh actress angharad rees , who has died at the age of 89 , has died aged 69 .
blackrock , the largest us investment firm in the world , is cutting 1,000 jobs as part of cost - cutting measures .
more than 1,000 people have taken part in a sky ride in plymouth for the first time .
a scheme to encourage black and minority ethnic women into work is being launched in two of scotland 's cities .
three pupils at a lisburn school have been suspended after a small amount of cannabis was found on a property .
thousands of chelsea fans have taken part in a parade to mark the end of the premier league season .
the owners of motherwell football club have agreed to sell their majority shareholding for # 1.1 m.
cardiff devils have won the elite league title for the second time this season after beating nottingham panthers 4 - 2 .
two teenage sailors have broken the world record for the fastest single - handed round the isle of wight .
using radiotherapy for half a week to treat lung cancer is not effective , a study has found .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash .
a man has been jailed for causing the death of a four - year - old boy by dangerous driving .
indian sprintermohan singh says he is being ` ` targeted '' by the country 's anti - doping agency .
french centre - right presidential candidate francois fillon has said he is ` ` outraged '' by his wife 's claim that she earned $ 500,000 -lrb- # 42,000 -rrb- in expenses .
a woman accused of grooming and sexually abusing a girl has told a court she is not ` ` fantasising '' .
australia 's top psychiatrist says he is worried about the dangers of self - harm by asylum seekers .
five men have been cautioned after naming a woman 's name on social media following a retrial .
women 's super league champions ajax have signed netherlands international forward jenny middag from ajax ladies .
an ` ` extremely dangerous '' man has been jailed for six years for attempting to murder a takeaway customer .
children who eat school lunches are among the most popular vegetables in england , according to a survey .
chesterfield chief executive david turner is to leave the league two club after less than two years in charge .
ben stokes and neil taylor both made half - centuries as england tightened their grip on the second test against south africa .
newport county chairman gavin foxall says the club 's owners have agreed a deal to buy rodney parade .
a former soldier who wrote the story of falklands war veteran mrs orangeleaf is to be premiered in portsmouth .
west brom striker saido berahino is ` ` not fit '' , according to manager tony pulis .
hashim amla and hashim amla both scored centuries as england beat south africa in the second one - day international in cape town .
we ' ve been gathering in london for the first time since the start of the 2015 world of social media .
police in germany say they have arrested two men suspected of planning an attack by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
a pensioner who called his wife ` ` every day is hell '' has said he feels ` ` so alone '' .
bbc radio 4 's response time programme was made entirely entirely entirely by smartphones , but it did n't be good enough .
the head of one of the uk 's biggest fund managers has warned that the country 's economic woes remain in the eu .
tony adams says he has been left ` ` a disaster '' after his spell as valencia manager .
mexico 's president enrique pena nieto has pledged to help those affected by the recent fire at a fireworks market in the north of the country .
accrington stanley have signed fulham midfielder alex rodak on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
tributes have been paid to a ` ` kind and caring brother '' who died in a crash on the m1 in nottinghamshire .
swansea city fans ' trust is ` ` frustrated '' with the takeover of the club , the trust has said .
an eight - year - old girl has written to a council to help her eight - year - old brother become ` ` disabled '' .
rangers moved to within a point of second place in the scottish premiership with victory at pittodrie .
wales will face belgium in the euro 2016 semi - final in france on thursday , but they will have to battle for a place in the semi - finals .
human remains have been uncovered at brighton 's corn exchange , the city 's council has said .
the father of a us student who was in a coma in north korea says his son 's treatment was ` ` disgrace '' .
farmers in england are being urged to take action to tackle bovine tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- .
a campaign is under way to save newport 's historical bard arthur machen heritage library from closure .
ajax 's abdelhak nouri has been discharged from hospital after collapsing during a friendly in austria .
the scottish government has warned that air pollution is causing a ` ` huge public health issue '' in scotland .
france 's president francois hollande has promised to strip his french citizenship from his country 's citizenship .
the first minister has said he is ` ` disappointed '' by the uk government 's response to the article 50 letter .
flight bookings to egypt 's sharm el - sheikh are ` ` not so far '' , the airline has said .
blackburn rovers have signed celtic defender joel ambrose on loan until the end of the season , bbc scotland has learned .
sale sharks moved up to second in the premiership table with a bonus - point win over sale sharks .
la liga leaders barcelona were held to a draw by second - placed atletico madrid at the nou camp .
the number of people waiting for mental health treatment in wales has risen by more than a third in a year .
belfast doctor frank pantridge , who has died at the age of 89 , has died aged 87 .
a service to remove the remains of a burial ground in north - west london is to take place .
the uk 's decision to buy arm holdings for # 24.3 bn would be ` ` very unfocused '' and ` ` unfocused '' , according to the chairman of softbank .
microsoft has defended its decision to release details of an alleged employee 's emails , following a court case .
a white supremacist who shot two people outside a jewish community centre in kansas has been sentenced to death .
huddersfield climbed to the top of the championship with a comfortable victory over norwich city at carrow road .
league two side accrington stanley have signed mansfield striker aaron tshibola and mansfield striker kieran bingham .
the scottish chambers of commerce -lrb- scc -rrb- has said it is looking to exploit opportunities for scottish business .
welsh triathlete helen jenkins says she would like to compete at the 2016 olympics after compatriot helen jenkins and compatriot vicky holland missed out on selection .
a man has launched a prosthetic hand that allows people to use them to control their fingers .
west ham fans ' trust has been told it must not reveal the details of the olympic stadium deal .
gordon strachan described scotland 's ` ` crisis '' as ` ` a crisis '' .
peterborough united boss grant mccann says he is ` ` one of the best '' in the league one play - offs .
plymouth argyle striker paul hartley said he was ` ` glad '' when he hit his head in the first leg of their league two play - off semi - final .
police in denmark are searching for a swedish woman who went missing on thursday after her boat sank off denmark .
the number of young people voting labour in the general election has risen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to a new survey .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- president thomas bach has defended his decision to ban russia from the 2016 olympics .
britain 's ibf heavyweight champion anthony joshua has been told he must fight for the vacant wbc title .
former boxer nick blackwell says he will not be affected by his ` ` killer instinct '' decision to retire from boxing .
the number of people being cared for by mental health services in the uk is at its highest level , according to a new report .
fiji is one of the world 's most militarised countries , and has a long history of international relations .
a midwife - led unit at caithness general hospital is to be moved to a hospital in wick .
coventry blaze have signed canadian forward liam stewart on a two - year deal from the elite league club .
an exhibition celebrating the work of one of the world 's most famous books has opened in london .
pupils at a new school in wick had to be evacuated because of a hot water supply problem , a councillor has said .
french prime minister manuel valls has urged britain to ` ` get past a revolution '' in the wake of the crisis at calais .
league two side accrington stanley have signed former defender kevin van zanten on a two - year deal .
jockey ryan moore is the ` ` best jockey in the world '' , according to his trainer paul hannon .
at the royal victoria and albert museum in london , it 's hard to understand the date of a man 's death .
plans to improve the number of foreign visitors to conwy have been described as a ` ` significant road safety risk '' .
the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- says north korea 's nuclear plant is working again .
the uk 's exit from the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- is in full swing .
an investigation is under way after three children were removed from a council by a member of ukip .
new falkirk manager peter houston is looking to take on rangers and hibernian in the scottish championship .
astronomers have discovered nine of the most powerful stars in the milky way , according to a new survey .
the owner of the paramount cinema chain , shari redstone , is to step down as part of an ongoing legal battle .
england head coach chris robshaw says his side 's poor start to the world cup was ` ` shocking '' .
a father who took his daughter on holiday in term time has failed to apply the law to the high court .
british number two naomi broady and heather watson both reached the final of the australian open in melbourne .
uk household spending is ` ` skint '' , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- visa -rrb- .
a 19-year - old man has been jailed for planning to carry out an act of mass murder .
honeymoon murder suspect shrien dewani has been extradited from south africa to south africa , police have said .
midwives in wales must be ` ` on watch '' , according to a report by the royal college of midwives .
archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an iron age hill fort in south wales that was once belonged to people who lived .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
us democratic presidential candidate jerry schlafly has died at the age of 84 , her family has announced .
gambling revenues in macau have hit record levels for the first time in four years , according to officials .
qualcomm , the world 's biggest maker of smartphone chips , has agreed to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- in fines in china .
a 33-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of two women in dundee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the challenges facing zimbabwe .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the m6 .
a man has pleaded guilty to raping and sexually assaulting a woman in maghaberry prison .
drake has paid tribute to a new york rapper who has died from a suspected overdose of op overdoses .
a man suspected of being a terror suspect who carried out the berlin lorry attack has been released by german authorities .
cardiff city defender bruno ecuele manga has been ruled out of the rest of the season with malaria .
us comedian bob stewart has died at the age of 84 after a dramatic farewell to the daily show .
charges against former rangers owner craig whyte have been dropped by the club 's senior adviser , the high court has heard .
ipswich town boss mick mccarthy has praised the best defender in the championship for his side 's poor start to the season .
poland 's anti - immigrant anti - immigrant democracy party has won parliamentary elections in parliamentary elections .
plans for a 30 million passengers a year at london 's gatwick airport have been unveiled .
guernsey boss tony vance described his side 's 1 - 0 fa cup quarter - final defeat by guernsey .
league one side oldham athletic came from behind to beat wigan and move into the second round of the efl cup .
craft brewer brewdog is one of the uk 's best - known beer producers , but it 's not a single customer .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges faced by people in tanzania .
a cholesterol - lowering drugs could reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke , according to a new report .
the organisers of the glastonbury festival have pleaded guilty to breaching the environment agency 's decision to charge a sewage leak .
falkirk manager peter houston says he would need to bring another striker to the top of his squad .
the government has been forced to delay plans to give english mps an effective veto over laws affecting england .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has delayed his request to pay back the upgrade of his home to his nkandla home .
in his first year as japan 's economy minister shinkokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokoko , the country country country of the world 's first - style people in the world .
former british middleweight champion nick wilkins has been banned for six months for sparring with opponent nick blackwell .
england head coach eddie jones says he will target injured fly - half adam sexton ` ` because he wants to win '' .
wigan warriors full - back sam tomkins says he is unlikely to return to the super league club .
kilmarnock have signed former hearts and hearts defender jamie hamill on a two - year deal .
oscar - winning actor jeff phoenix has said he is ` ` not feeling the worst thing in his life '' .
australia 's prime minister , laurent sanguinetti , is on the verge of becoming a prime minister .
the family of a terminally ill doctor who was dragged off a united airlines flight in the us are suing the airline over his treatment .
a woman has been left blind in one eye after being attacked by two youths in a glasgow street .
disney has erected a memorial to a toddler who died after being attacked by an alligator in florida .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has accused venezuelan leader nicolas maduro of being a ` ` traitor '' .
in the midst of the grenfell tower fire in north - west london , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme is taking place in the capital .
a man who sent an ` ` obscene '' tweet about robin hood airport has won an appeal against his conviction .
tributes have been paid to ` ` funny , funny and wonderfully funny '' comedian norman archibald , who has died at the age of 89 .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the history of comforters .
two suspected islamists have been killed in a police raid in the belgian town of verviers .
a student who lost her hand on a night out has said it is ` ` like a hand '' .
bbc radio 1 's today programme has seen its share of listeners fall by more than a third in the last three months .
germany 's intelligence agency -lrb- bfv -rrb- says it has arrested a man suspected of planning an attack on its office .
lord coe 's former chief of athletics ' world governing body has called the iaaf to ` ` seize the opportunity '' to lead the organisation .
steve mcclaren has left his position as newcastle united manager after less than two months in charge .
a teenager who bit off part of his ear in a ` ` violent '' attack has been jailed for eight years .
a cyber - thieves have hijacked computers that had been hijacked by a hacker .
the majority of people in the uk believe there was a real man , according to a survey by the church of england .
a father who took his daughter on holiday during term - time holidays in term time has been criticised by a group of mps .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
it 's one of the most exciting fossil discoveries in the world , but it 's hoped that the cheddar can be alive .
ulster rugby has defended its decision to wear a poppy on its shirts during saturday 's match against newport gwent dragons .
the captain of costa concordia has been found guilty of the manslaughter of the costa concordia captain who died in 2012 .
sportswear firm ralph lauren and chris lochte have pulled out of a sponsorship deal for the 2012 olympics .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says his side 's performance in their 2 - 2 draw with southampton was ` ` not so good '' .
three people have appeared in court charged with aiding a member of the so - called islamic state group .
derby county extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a goalless draw at brentford .s poor start
at least 36 people have been killed in a us - led coalition air strike in yemen 's capital , sanaa .
the mother of two us boy who went fishing in florida says she is ` ` desperate '' for him to return home .
two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of an influential member of the mqm party .
plans to create new marine protected areas in wales will be scrapped , the environment minister has said , following criticism of the plans .
it 's one of the most exciting technology projects in the world , with the creation of 3d technology .
the sister of missing blackpool teenager charlene arkinson has launched legal action against police investigating her disappearance .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says his side 's hopes of reaching the europa league are ` ` very difficult '' .
the bbc 's sound of 2016 list of the most popular musicians in the world has been compiled .
myanmar 's former prime minister thein sein has pledged to support the country 's reform process .
the world 's most famous trees have been destroyed in recent years by a deadly disease that has ravaged the caribbean island .
` ` i do n't have a sense of vindication , '' says the former chief constable of the police service of northern ireland , catherine o'loan .
the number of crown court cases dropped by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- in england and wales has fallen sharply in the last year .
league one strugglers fleetwood town were held to a goalless draw by league two strugglers fleetwood .
there 's a general election coming up on 8 june , with the result of the general election .
britain 's chris evans won the first time - trial of the tour de france with victory in paris .
celtic 's teenage striker karamoko has made his debut for the club 's development squad .
a hospital in north - east england is planning to introduce a park - and - ride scheme .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has accused the residents of the grenfell tower fire of the ` ` poorest ward in the country '' .
mahama sarlan , an indian - originer of the north - eastern state of tamil nadu , is one of the world 's most vulnerable people .
norwich city midfielder kyle lafferty has been banned from football - related activity by the football association .
a us doctor has pleaded not guilty to sexually abusing a young girl in the wake of his arrest .
the bbc 's annual conference will be held in edinburgh later this year to discuss the future of the corporation .
a driver who admitted causing the death of a four - year - old boy by dangerous driving has been jailed for eight years .
an exhibition of works by chinese artist ai weiwei to mark his time in the greek island of lesbos has opened in athens .
ospreys fly - half dan thornton says he has been ` ` amazed '' by his call - up to wales ' summer tour of samoa .
the former board of sport ni have resigned after a report into allegations of ` ` serious misconduct '' .
the number of patients waiting for hospital beds in yorkshire has risen by more than a third in a year , figures show .
house prices in the uk rose by more than a third in the year to november , according to the nationwide .
wales hooker ken owens believes racing 92 have the ` ` complete package '' in the european champions cup .
a 22-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after being freed from a nightclub .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
athletics ' world governing body has unanimously adopted proposals to make it easier for athletes to register world records .
prominent new york blogger sandy geller has become a prominent figure in the united states , according to reports .
coastal defences in north wales are at risk of flooding because of heavy rain , a report has said .
a transgender woman who was found dead in a male prison was ` ` the wrong '' , an inquest has heard .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman in a ` ` brutal and senseless '' attack .
aston villa midfielder fabian delph 's move to manchester city has come to an end in the week .
two men have been arrested after a police firearms operation in luton , bedfordshire , was linked to a shooting .
the modern system of wales came to an end at the end of the century , according to new figures .
a team of researchers has developed a machine that can be used to help improve the lives of people .
albania and albania have been stripped of their euro 2016 qualifying matches after the football association 's decision to ban them from qualifying matches .
former barcelona boss roberto villar has resigned from his position as head of european football , uefa has confirmed .
british actor tom hiddleston says he is ` ` very happy '' about his relationship with taylor swift .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says the sport is not ` ` getting a good performance '' .
former scotland defender james greer says he is open to ` ` anything '' as he prepares for the euro 2016 qualifiers .
john akinde 's second - half goal helped barnet to victory over mansfield in league two .
former anglo irish bank chief executive frank drumm has appeared in court in the republic of ireland charged with fraud .
real madrid have signed spain striker alvaro morata from juventus on a season - long loan from juventus .
scotrail alliance has agreed a deal to end a long - running dispute over new trains .
league two side grimsby town have signed torquay united defender angus macdonald on a two - year deal .
the former head of guatemala 's former intelligence chief , general juan carlos montt , has been cleared of war crimes .
birmingham city council has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by the city 's education watchdog .
west ham chairman tony gold has apologised to a fan who took part in his twitter account .
the son of former nazi boss reinhard heydrich , who was killed by british troops in world war two , has spoken about his role as head of the nazi era .
three men have been charged in connection with the theft of a life - sized nativity in glasgow .
nico rosberg took pole position at the hungarian grand prix as title rival lewis hamilton was forced to retire from the race .
three nurses who left a patient with brain haemorrhage have been struck off for 12 months .
prime minister david cameron has condemned hate crime following the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
fox news is suing fox news for ` ` discriminating against '' the city of birmingham .
russian opposition leader vladimir putin has accused the russian president of using a video apparently showing him with a sniper .
this week 's events in the united states are likely to be the next president of the us .
chelsea manager antonio conte has signed a new three - year contract with the premier league champions . .
southampton have signed midfielder charlie redmond from norwich city for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
marcus trescothick and nick trego both made half - centuries as somerset dominated the second day at taunton .
news day stories from around the world have been taking place across the uk for the first time since 2010 .
mae heddlu dyn wedi cael ei gafoddiad terfysgol wedi cael eu dyn ei gafoddi gafoddiad terfysgol .
a new system that allows doctors to experience gp consultations at gp practices has been developed by researchers .
a book exploring the reasons for the death of a soldier in afghanistan has won the top literary prize .
spanish customs officials are trying to recover a painting which was seized from a fishing boat in the uk .
ireland all - rounder craig young will miss ireland 's two - day series against sri lanka because of a back injury .
the first bitcoin virtual currency , held by the founder of bitcoin , has been opened in sydney .
a former care worker has been charged with raping and sexually abusing children at a private school in east sussex .
british and irish lions prop alex healy will miss the tour of australia next month after injuring his leg .
a steam carriage used for winston churchill 's funeral has been restored in oxfordshire for the first time .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in a park in lancashire , police said .
a man has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after two boys were seriously injured in an attack .
an award - winning princess 's pink hat has sold for # 1,000 at auction .
a 12-year - old boy who was left on a bus in powys has been left in a critical condition .
middlesbrough boss steve agnew says his side 's poor start to the championship season was ` ` poor '' and ` ` naive '' .
notts county ladies have signed england under-23 midfielder natalie greenwood from liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
the amount of money spent on social housing in wales has risen in the last year , according to a new report .
a british man has been shot dead in thailand , the foreign office has said , amid reports of a gunman 's death .
plans have been submitted for a multi - million pound education campus in jedburgh , near jedburgh .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the majority of students at three welsh universities are satisfied with their university experience , according to a survey .
people with a faulty gene that causes a stroke are more likely to have a stroke than their peers , according to researchers .
an appeal to raise money for a man with a rare skin cancer has reached its target for bbc radio derby .
a blood test could help diagnose people with alzheimer 's disease , according to uk researchers .
an award - winning tibetan monk who founded the world 's first buddhist monastery has premiered his first film .
gloucester 's all golds rugby league club have held a meeting with the club 's owner .
it 's not the worst night of the scottish cup , but it 's a lot more to ponder .
the government 's plan to build more affordable homes in england has been described as ` ` extremely disappointing '' .
in the wake of the uk 's decision to leave the european union , bbc radio 4 's nick clegg looks at the impact of the eu referendum .
leigh centurions have signed forward sam hopkins from super league side leigh centurions for an undisclosed fee .
donald trump 's aberdeenshire golf course has been put on hold after a number of poles appeared near the site .
police in northern ireland failed to properly investigate the extent of child sexual exploitation in the care system , a report has found .
using magnetic fields to boost maths skills in a specific part of the brain has been discovered by neuroscientists .
more than 100 people have been evacuated from a seaside resort after heavy rain caused flooding in the east of england .
england 's matthew fitzpatrick carded a six - under - par 65 to share the lead after the third round of the european tour championship .
companies have been urged not to act as a ` ` green - style surveillance '' for employees who are being snooped on their employer .
us supreme court judge ruth ginsburg has said she was ` ` humbled , stone - faced '' at the state of the union address .
rail services between newcastle and edinburgh have resumed after a major line was closed for several hours on friday .
bath have signed newport gwent dragons forward jonny evans on loan until the end of the 2016 - 17 season .
joss whedon has deleted his twitter account , saying he is ` ` not sorry '' and ` ` frustrated '' .
ukip 's new leader paul nuttall should ask him to resign , the party 's leader has said .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
education secretary john swinney is to publish a report into the death of bailey gwynedd schoolboy bailey .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi cyhoeddi cyhoeddi ' r goeden nhw ' n yng nghaerdydd .
people who are more optimistic than they are in retirement , according to research from the journal of public health .
the death of ethiopia 's former head of the horn , thomas meles , is one of the most controversial leaders in africa .
a taxi driver threatened a man with a gun before stealing money from a bank , a court has heard .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after an explosion at a recycling plant in londonderry .
apple 's decision to change the name of the ` ` little mix '' has been described as a ` ` landmark '' .
the snp has won the midlothian west by - election after a by - election .
china 's so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is a symbol of the modern world .
manchester united 's fa cup quarter - final against arsenal on sunday will be without injured defenders .
profits at barclays have fallen for the first time since the financial crisis in the us and europe .
cancer patients in england are facing ` ` huge strain '' because of a ` ` significant strain '' in the nhs , cancer charities have warned .
a 92-year - old man who was held in the auschwitz concentration camp is celebrating his 100th birthday .
the uk 's exit from the european union is likely to be negative , according to a report by the european energy watchdog .
the un should not investigate the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group 's ` ` genocide '' in the face of genocide , the secretary of state has said .
lewis hamilton became the first british driver to win the season - ending abu dhabi grand prix with victory in a thrilling race .
the chief executive of the uk 's biggest rail industry organisation -lrb- ici -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
safety checks are being carried out on high - rise buildings in england following the grenfell tower fire .
the sale of so - called ` ` legal highs '' in the uk has led to the closure of shops in england and wales .
ayr united have been chosen to design a new badge for their club 's first match of the season .
talks aimed at averting a series of strikes by merseyrail workers have been called off by the rmt union .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino says his side 's lack of desire to fight for the premier league is a ` ` big problem '' .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes is ` ` disappointed '' that gordon st mirren 's left - back is the best left - back in scotland 's squad .
a four - year - old girl who died in a crash in ceredigion has been named by police .
britain 's anthony joshua and wladimir klitschko could fight in germany , according to world heavyweight champion eddie hearn .
israel 's military and military reservists have been in tel aviv for the first time .
the government is to publish a draft plan to tackle air pollution in parts of the uk , according to lawyers .
the owner of the domino 's pizza business has agreed to buy german minnows pizza business for an undisclosed sum .
hibernian have appointed neil lennon as their new manager on a three - and - a - half - year deal .
japanese engineering giant general electric has offered to buy alstom for a second time in a bid to boost its presence in europe .
eurozone finance ministers have failed to reach an agreement on how greece can find a deal to avoid default .
us health giant j&j has been ordered to pay damages to a woman who died of ovarian cancer .
prominent iranian blogger mohammad beheshti has died in prison , the country 's prosecutor says .
the attack on a school in the pakistani city of peshawar that killed at least 19 people was a ` ` terrorist organisation '' , the bbc has learned .
two men have been charged with the murder of a woman who has been missing for more than a month .
the royal mint has launched a series of special coins to mark the birth of the duchess of cambridge .
the number of young sports players who have a cardiac arrest has increased dramatically in the uk since 2002 .
former defence minister lord west has told mps that a sea missile was ` ` fired into wales '' .
rangers have signed left - back zaliukas from leeds united on a two - year deal .
an australian politician who has been left in hospital with mental health problems has announced he will return to work .
chris woakes and steven finn have been ruled out of england 's second test against south africa in cape town .
flying scotsman , the world 's most famous steam locomotives , has been restored to the public for the first time .
the last person in the 19th century has died at the age of 89 , her family has said .
a 15-year - old boy who groomed and sexually abused girls has been jailed for 10 years .
the head of mexico 's government has been killed in a helicopter crash in north - eastern mexico , officials say .
it 's one of the world 's best - selling games consoles , but it 's n't be a giant .
a woman has been crowned the voice of the speaking clock for the first time in the uk 's history .
the bbc 's robocup football championship kicks kicks kicks off this year , and it 's not a good thing .
saudi security forces have killed at least 13 people in clashes between shia protesters and shia muslims in the north - west of the country .
a teenager who held a machete to his friend 's neck before stealing a taxi has been found guilty of assaulting him .
a dispersal order has been issued by anglesey police to prevent youths from leaving a town centre in the town .
at least 19 people have been killed in an attack on a tunisian beach resort , the interior minister has said .
a new office has been set up in east london to help create a ` ` free wi - fi '' .
the uk 's best - attended sporting events of 2015 were the best - attended sporting event of 2015 , according to deloitte .
the chief executive of royal bank of england has said the uk 's vote to leave the european union is ` ` very good '' .
the international atomic energy agency says it is releasing details of a deal on iran 's nuclear programme .
ed miliband has said there is an ` ` epidemic '' of zero - hours contracts in the uk .
the snp and lib dems have urged voters to ` ` stand up very firmly '' for the general election .
trams in birmingham will return to the city centre for the first time in more than 100 years , the city council has said .
people with chronic illness are more likely to lose their sense of identity , according to a new study .
leeds united came from behind to beat qpr and reach the championship play - off quarter - finals .
students at oxford 's university have written a letter to their neighbours asking them to stay in private accommodation .
the uk sport has set a target of # 13 m to win a record - equalling five medals at the 2018 winter olympics .
great britain 's catamaran team lost to japan in the first round of the america 's cup world series .
police are attempting to trace two men who carried out an attack on a man in kilmarnock .
samsung electronics has forecast its operating profit forecast for the three months to december , boosted by falling demand and falling demand .
scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie has been re - elected north east fife by - election .
russia 's president - elect donald trump 's administration has apologised for its ` ` unacceptable '' response to the us election .
two british tourists have been arrested in peru after stripping naked on the site of machu picchu .
lawyers for convicted murderer syed , who has been convicted of the murder of his ex - boyfriend , are to hear new evidence .
former celtic and hibernian footballer islam feruz has appeared in court charged with drink - driving .
a seven - year - old girl who travelled to the uk to help her father recover from hospital has died , police have said .
more than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for the uk to end the eu referendum .
celtic have appointed brendan rodgers as their new manager on a three - and - a - half - year deal .
a series of events will be held in the uk on sunday to mark the anniversary of the manchester bombing .
polish director and director wajda has died at the age of 89 , his family has announced .
the killing of a man in a drone attack in syria is ` ` legal and defensible '' , welsh conservative leader harriet harman has said .
labour has accused ed miliband of ` ` putting the nhs at risk '' in wales .
a man has appeared in court charged with drugs offences after a police operation in the scottish borders was carried out .
the organisers of this year 's belladrum tartan heart festival have cancelled the event due to poor ticket sales .
the number of suspected illegal immigrants detained at dover increased by more than a third last year , new figures show .
police are investigating after paint was sprayed on the entrance of a belfast hall in the centre of the city centre .
poland 's government has rejected a controversial proposal to ban abortions in cases of rape and incest .
an independent inquiry into infant cremation at a shrewsbury crematorium is to be set up in england .
a man has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellers in teesside .
us beauty pageant organisers have apologised for ` ` unacceptable '' comments made by us actress helen williams .
india 's central bank has cut the cost of borrowing by 0.25 % from its current rate - setters .
egypt 's first ever social network , which has been held in cairo , has been a success story .
a memorial service is to be held in memory of the 38 people killed in the shoreham air crash .
wales defender sam vokes says his side 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup in russia are ` ` good news '' .
russian weightlifter denis artykov has been stripped of his olympic gold medal after failing a drugs test .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest against iran 's ban on fuel imports to afghanistan .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe has defended a controversial law aimed at curbing the country 's economy .
former wimbledon champion marion bartoli has announced she will retire from tennis at the end of her career .
a murder investigation is under way after a 19-year - old man was stabbed to death at a bar in south - west london .
when bt announced it was going to be split up , the company 's shares jumped more than 2 % .
heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of germany and germany , with heavy rain and flooding expected to rise .
when india 's sprinter dutee chand was cleared to race at the glasgow 2014 commonwealth games , she was a young athlete .
glamorgan all - rounder colin ingram says he will return to the indian premier league for the next few years .
more needs to be done to tackle sexism in sport , according to a survey by uk sport .
the price of oil has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to russian president vladimir putin .
irish police investigating the murder of former boxing champion lee byrne in a boxing weigh - in in dublin have launched an investigation .
kilmarnock and kilmarnock were held to a goalless draw at home to kilmarnock .
the head of northumbria police has announced she is to step down after being investigated for misconduct .
a three - year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being bitten by a dog .
australia 's transport safety watchdog is to investigate the crash of a small plane in melbourne that killed four people .
the government has announced it is to press ahead with the hs2 high - speed rail project .
google has revealed the most popular searches of the year for the first time since the death of five people in 2014 .
sir andrew witty , the former head of the bbc proms , is celebrating his 90th birthday .
a british backpacker has died after falling from a train in thailand , the foreign office has said .
while texas senator marco rubio and ted cruz have been fighting for the us presidency , they 're going to the polls on thursday .
campaigners are calling for a ban on smacking children as part of a campaign to stop smacking .
the scottish spca has apologised after a deadly snake died on a boat in aberdeen .
a south african university 's decision to remove a statue of the 19th century british imperialist cecil rhodes from its campus is being considered .
marcus rashford scored his first premier league goal of the season as manchester united beat hull city at the kcom stadium .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the start of the year .
russia 's lower house of parliament has approved a bill that would impose limits on foreign media ownership .
a statue to commemorate the 70th anniversary of sheffield 's first world war two defeat has been unveiled .
drug - resistant prostate cancer is a ` ` network '' , according to scientists at the institute of cancer .
tributes have been paid to welsh actress angharad rees , who has died of pancreatic cancer .
the supreme court has ordered parents to pay a fine for taking children on holiday during term term breaks .
guernsey and guernsey have won their first ever table tennis gold medal at the island games in gotland .
the sister of kim kardashian west , who was tied up and robbed in paris last year , has been identified by police .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed higher on friday , lifted by gains from itv and itv .
a conservative mp has said he is ` ` extremely proud '' of his family 's ` ` racist smear '' .
when saracens director of rugby mark borthwick was asked to leave the european union , he did n't have to make an official appearance .
harlequins booked their place in the european challenge cup quarter - finals with a bonus - point win over harlequins .
manchester city have completed the signing of atletico madrid midfielder mario othaladi on a season - long loan .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones leading the way after the us election .
deaf people in northern ireland have made an appeal to sign language in their first language , calling for the general election .
a group of edinburgh 's ` ` powerful women of edinburgh '' has launched a new three - week tour of the city .
tributes have been paid to former bolton wanderers chairman phil gartide , who has died at the age of 35 .
hearts head coach craig levein says the club are ` ` tough '' for head coach ian cathro .
scientists have developed an artificial intelligence system that can teach people lip - reading better than a human .
the flight recorder from the egyptair plane that crashed last week has been recovered , egyptian investigators say .
swansea city head coach francesco guidolin says he is ` ` worried '' for the club 's current form .
the head of the bardo museum in tunisia 's capital , tunis , has been killed in an attack on a french museum .
a united nations committee has called for the northern ireland executive to be ` ` fully integrated '' .
league two side plymouth argyle have signed plymouth argyle striker curtis nelson and plymouth argyle forward wayne rooney on loan .
the head of the us federal reserve has said the uk 's decision to leave the european union could have consequences for economic and financial conditions .
conservationists are attempting to revive the fortunes of native crayfish in powys in a bid to save the species from extinction .
liverpool defender mamadou sakho has been cleared of taking a banned substance after failing a drugs test .
western sahara , a gateway to the sahara , is one of the most geographically diverse countries in africa .
former reading player and player - coach david phillips has been named west brom 's new manager .
england boss roy hodgson says michael carrick will miss euro 2016 after injuring his ankle in training on tuesday .
sussex all - rounder steve magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
alastair cook made his maiden test century as england drew with st kitts united on the opening day of the second test in antigua .
thousands of migrants have been forced to leave the ` ` jungle '' camp in calais to leave their temporary home .
a free bike hire scheme in dumfries has been launched in dumfries and galloway .
sussex have appointed former all - rounder clare anyon as their new head coach on a three - year contract .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a teenager in a crash in hertfordshire .
a plague of locusts that has killed more than 1,000 people in bolivia has spread to neighbouring bolivia .
matty taylor scored twice as bristol rovers came from behind to beat mk dons in league one .
a health board has been ordered to pay # 150,000 to a charity run by an organ donation charity .
a 12-year - old boy in the eastern indian state of bihar is taking a ` ` pragmatic '' amount of money .
a union flag has been flown along belfast 's main roads to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
an 87-year - old man from gateshead is to be auctioned for an undisclosed sum .
scotland prop alasdair dickinson says his side need to win all of their six nations matches this season .
the first mountain bike race in snowdonia has taken place on sunday , organisers have said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of indecently assaulting a four - year - old girl in bristol .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged with hare coursing in dalkeith .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a470 in bangor , county down .
mae ' r prif weinidog gweinidog gwladol wedi cymru wedi cael ei cael ei garcharu am yn yn yn yr yr yn yn ymddydd .
the belfast giants will finish in the british basketball league play - off final on 10 may after winning the play - off final .
a mascot of the uk 's newest regiment has been promoted to the public for the first time .
a woman has told a court she had ` ` no future '' in her relationship with footballer adam johnson .
` ` go digital '' is helping organisers of the world 's biggest economy , according to its chief executive steve aggarwal .
a new traffic restrictions will be introduced on drivers who enter a busy city centre , under new measures .
peter duddy , one of northern ireland 's most well - known businessmen , has died aged 80 .
it 's one of the most influential figures in the world , but we ' ve got a lot of attention .
the number of migrants living in the greek island of lesbos has reached its highest level since the end of the european union .
sheffield united boss paul heckingbottom says he will not consider signing yiadom , who is out of the league two play - off final .
a man who stabbed a man to death in his own home has been jailed for four - and - a - half years .
england have named seven uncapped players in their squad for the one - day series against sri lanka .
northern ireland 's attorney general has failed in his bid to overturn a high court ruling that a gay customer 's refusal to make a cake with the slogan ` ` support gay marriage '' .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest in venice against the city 's poorest seaside town .
a man has been injured in a shooting at a primary school in merseyside , police have said .
when philippine beauty queen maria seifert decided to become the first woman to compete in a national competition , she decided to join the country 's miss universe .
liverpool 's failure to win the premier league title this season is a huge blow to their reputation .
the us supreme court has ordered an inquiry into the deaths of two black men in the us city of cleveland .
scotland have reached the quarter - finals of the world snooker championship for the first time in 15 years .
us president barack obama will meet german chancellor angela merkel at the end of his three - day visit to the united states .
gangnam style 's gangnam style video has become the most - watched video on youtube .
jamie murray and brazilian bruno dodig won the monte carlo masters for the first time with a straight - set win over croatia 's jennifer dodig .
a body recovered from the collapsed didcot power station collapse has been found in the search for a missing man .
us president donald trump has said he will not air the miss universe , after the company announced it was pulling out of the competition .
britain 's chris froome won the tour de france for the first time since the paris attacks .
the chancellor , george osborne , was on his way to the south east on wednesday , as the chancellor announced his budget speech .
ivory coast 's government has banned whitening creams in africa , saying it is ` ` not really beautiful '' .
it was an event that saw the biggest shocks of the world championships and the biggest party in sport .
chelsea manager jose mourinho is one of the best - known figures in football .
england 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the world cup were dented as they lost to france .
glamorgan climbed to the top of the division two table with a five - wicket victory over gloucestershire .
the welsh government has refused to publish its spending of more than # 500 in the first three years .
a festival celebrating the life of a scottish philosopher is taking place in dumfries and galloway .
former munster and british and irish lions scrum - half paul o'connell has been named as their new head coach .
police investigating the rape of a 14-year - old girl in hertfordshire have released a cctv image of her attacker .
hungary 's prime minister has said it will offer buses to migrants who escaped from a railway station in the capital , budapest .
jackie collins , the creator of the world 's most famous authors , has died aged 61 , her family has said .
tottenham defender nabil bentaleb has signed a new four - year contract with the bundesliga club .
a hospital in aberdeen has apologised after an operating theatre and operating theatre were cancelled during surgery .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car crashed into a house in belfast .
league two side accrington stanley have signed former portsmouth defender francois hollands on a one - year deal .
the syrian government has condemned the deaths of at least 120 people in two separate attacks in the country .
kevin pietersen 's decision to retire from international cricket was a bittersweet one - day international .
south korea 's president park geun - hye has apologised to a friend who was implicated in a corruption scandal .
a man 's body has been found at a house in slough , prompting a police investigation .
the women 's super league season kicks off in england and wales on saturday , with the opening day of the season .
a turkish woman has been arrested in turkey on suspicion of insulting president recep tayyip erdogan .
david cameron has said he is ` ` absolutely convinced '' that the eu needs to be ` ` more flexible '' .
prosecutors should decide whether to prosecute the driver of a collision involving a motorbike , a former mp has said .
ex - fbi chief james comey says he is a ` ` leaker '' who says he was fired by president donald trump .
the number of people being scammed out of millions of pounds has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a report .
plans to build more than 100 new homes in stoke - on - trent are to be submitted to the city council .
factory activity in china has fallen for the first time in six months , according to a closely watched survey .
the bbc is to make non - payment of the bbc licence fee , the government has said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the dow jones and s&p 500 closed higher on friday , boosted by hopes of fresh stimulus from china 's economy .
an inquiry into the glasgow bin lorry crash which killed six people will be issued later this month .
a new breed of celebrity clubs has come into effect in the uk , with the number of names being made online .
leicester city have signed senegal forward n'golo kante from french side marseille for an undisclosed fee .
hibernian have appointed alan stubbs as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the dow jones and s&p 500 closed lower on tuesday after a series of emails from donald trump 's campaigners .
a firm run by a fire at a recycling plant in greater manchester has had its environmental permit revoked .
a former foster carer who was sacked for sexually abusing a boy was ` ` not fit to become a foster carer '' , a report has found .
a council 's twitter account was hacked for a ` ` short time '' by hackers .
the death of a baby born in pakistan 's southern city of karachi has sparked outrage in the country .
gary neville 's valencia side reached the copa del rey final with a 2 - 1 aggregate victory over arch - rivals barcelona .
west ham united have signed senegal international cheikhou kouya on a two - year contract .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the body of osama bin laden has been found in the gulf of mexico , the us military says .
an elderly woman has been left ` ` amazed '' after her bike was stolen from her shop .
boris johnson is one of britain 's best - known mps , who has served as a conservative mp .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
southeastern is to compensate passengers who were left stranded on the kent coast after damage caused by storm desmond .
brexit secretary alun cairns has said he wants to work with the welsh government to get ` ` a good deal '' .
thousands of people have gathered in leicester to celebrate the city 's festival of light in the city .
the crew of st abbs lifeboat station have agreed to end their campaign to save the station from closure .
the head of the catholic church in ireland , cardinal ian d'arcy , has said he will not offer his resignation .
plans for a flood protection scheme on the whitesands area of dumfries have been submitted to the scottish government .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the a470 in gwynedd .
teachers in england 's state schools are being recruited by unqualified teachers , according to a teachers ' union .
media in china are largely reflecting on the case of disgraced politician bo xilai , who has appeared in court on corruption charges .
serena williams became the first woman to win the australian open with a straight - set win over france 's venus williams .
the son of a us student accused of posting a drone videos on youtube is taking legal action against the authorities .
the uk is less reliant on renewable energy than it needs to meet its targets for renewable energy , a report says .
plans to centralise welsh - medium education in powys have been rejected by powys council .
two new flights have been launched by highlands and islands airports limited -lrb- klm -rrb- .
more attention is needed to improve school underachievement in the north and midlands , says ofsted .
the government has defended the way foster carers in england are subject to a report that said the girl was not born in english .
the us supreme court 's top justice , gareth thomas , has said he is ` ` not afraid '' to challenge his lawyers .
hull city boss gareth davies says the club 's poor start to the season is not good enough .
a builder who drowned after diving into a reservoir with his own life has been jailed for manslaughter .
a three - year - old boy has been found dead at a house in south - west london .
andy murray has pulled out of the aegon championships because of a hip injury , which has affected him .
yum brands , the owner of china 's biggest restaurants group , has posted a profit of more than a quarter .
as the weather continues to fall , we take a look at how lightning is hitting people , and how do you ?
hundreds of people have gathered in falmouth to protest against plans to increase student accommodation in the town .
` ` i ' m not looking to emulate john toshack , '' says former wales boss john toshack .
the price of crude oil has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to the oil cartel opec .
kilmarnock have signed nigeria international victor oshaniwa from scottish premiership side edinburgh for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed higher on wednesday , boosted by strong gains from wall street .
the bbc 's costume drama pride and peace has attracted more than 4.3 million viewers in its opening episode on bbc two .
a ` ` bull - headed '' iguana has been found on a tree in suffolk .
a man and woman who were found dead at a house in bradford are being treated as murder , police said .
the average car insurance premium -lrb- ipt -rrb- is set to rise by an average of # 13 a year , the aa has said .
a renowned swansea scientist has died at his home in the city of llandudno , aged 80 .
british number one johanna konta says she is ` ` pretty happy '' to become the first british woman to win wimbledon .
the smoking ban has ` ` destroyed '' the communities of working people , a former labour leader has said .
at least 13 people have been killed in a train derailed in bulgaria , officials say . ''
pro - russian separatist rebels in eastern ukraine have called for a ceasefire to be cancelled .
a first - time mum has left a ` ` little bit falling apart '' note in a supermarket .
labour leader ed miliband has said he will not ` ` queer his pitch '' in a long - running dispute with unions .
the producer of broadchurch has spoken of the ` ` extraordinary journey '' with the bbc one drama 's success .
us republican senator john mccain has travelled to syria with a ` ` no - fly zone '' , us media report .
plans to transform alexandra palace into a ` ` cultural hub '' in the palace of haringey have been revealed .
a fife paedophile who admitted raping and sexually abusing two young girls has been detained indefinitely .
former wales captain john barclay says glasgow warriors ' pro12 semi - final win over glasgow warriors was the ` ` best of his life '' .
scotland manager gordon strachan says his side 's 1 - 0 friendly win over nigeria was ` ` not easy '' .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo and sebastian vettel could miss the final race of the season as they battle for the title .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why nigeria 's police chief wants new officers to undergo a lie detector test .
police in germany are investigating after an elephant was freed from its enclosure at a circus in southern germany .
the family of a british man who died while on holiday in india say they are ` ` in shock '' .
three people have been charged in connection with an alleged # 80,000 benefit fraud in cardiff .
a non - league football club has returned to north yorkshire for the first time in its history .
the us and russia have accused the syrian government of failing to deliver aid to a besieged damascus town .
hearts football club has offered to raise # 300,000 to the club 's main stand fund .
former wales and british and irish lions captain sir gareth edwards has died at his home in windsor , his family has confirmed .
the future of a leisure centre has been ` ` hell - bent '' , according to a parish council .
former cabinet minister iain duncan smith is facing calls to resign over cuts to disability benefits in his budget .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a ship off the north of egypt 's sinai peninsula , according to reports .
google has denied it is using google 's search engine as a ` ` cyber - attack '' .
bollywood star aish bhansali is to make a film on her life in the north - eastern indian state of tamil nadu .
a pregnant woman with learning disabilities who was born in a caesarean birth ` ` must be alive '' , the high court has ruled .
an snp mp has been reunited with her six - year - old daughter after she found a toy in the palace of westminster .
league one side gillingham have signed striker emmanuel - thomas on a season - long loan deal .
meat inspectors in the uk are to be forced to make sure they can cut open parts of pigs ' heads .
league two side carlisle united have signed queens park rangers midfielder brandon comley on loan until the end of the season .
scarlets wing alex cuthbert could be a ` ` massive blow '' to his recovery from injury , according to former wales captain james .
the sister of a girl who disappeared 22 years ago has spoken of her ` ` with love '' after she went missing .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in iran has a new role in tackling the growing trend of islamic law .
league two side leyton orient have extended the contract of midfielder ryan williams until the end of the season .
two manchester united fans who were arrested after a suspicious package was found in a toilet at arsenal 's emirates stadium .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed during a fight at a glasgow bar .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he will discuss the future of midfielder peter whittingham .
denmark 's right - wing coalition is set to become the next prime minister after thursday 's general election .
allegations of sexual abuse at kids company were ` ` disgraceful '' , the bbc has learned .
google is exploring a new way to track the impact of cancerous tissue in the medical sector , the company has announced .
the population of northern ireland is at its highest level since mid-199 , according to official statistics .
us carmaker ford has reported a sharp rise in profits in the first three months of 2016 , helped by a strong performance in europe .
a man has died in a two - vehicle crash in claudy , county antrim .
at least two people have been killed in clashes in the lebanese city of beirut , the lebanese government says .
former bolton wanderers striker dean holdsworth is set to be taken over by the club after selling the club 's training ground .
a stretch of the a470 in powys has reopened following a two - vehicle crash .
labour leader jeremy corbyn 's decision to leave the party conference centre in bournemouth is a ` ` mystery '' moment of his career .
reading and fulham played out a goalless draw with fulham in the efl cup first round tie .
muhammad ali 's death at the weekend was an extraordinary moment when the world woke up in a queue of people waiting for his life .
the us has imposed sanctions on a top venezuelan official , accusing the us of being involved in drug trafficking .
a tidal power farm in shetland has been installed in the uk for the first time in the world .
north korea 's claim that it carried out an h - bomb test on nuclear weapons has sparked an international debate .
tottenham have completed the signing of spanish winger roberto soldado from valencia for a fee believed to be about # 13 m .
the final episode of the new year 's day tv drama , miranda , has attracted more than 7 m viewers .
a warning has been issued for heavy rain in counties antrim and londonderry in the republic of ireland .
league two side rochdale have signed former rochdale captain dean whitehead on a deal until the end of the season .
joe leach and all - rounder ed barnard both made half - centuries as worcestershire dominated leicestershire at new road .
make your move and you 're looking forward to getting into a sport , but what do you think about it ?
qpr striker rio ferdinand has been charged with misconduct by the football association for allegedly abusing a match official .
the former members of the ska band the specials have paid tribute to former drummer bradbury , who has died aged 84 .
a former head teacher who was jailed for sexually abusing boys at a catholic school in east yorkshire is to receive compensation .
anthony joshua says he is ` ` obsessed '' with wladimir klitschko as he prepares to face wladimir klitschko on saturday .
the front page of the belfast telegraph and the news letter are all the stories featured in thursday 's papers .
a man who failed to return to hospital after being detained under mental health care has handed himself in .
the un security council has condemned north korea 's launch of a satellite into orbit , which it says was a ` ` serious breach '' of un sanctions .
st mirren have signed dundee striker david clarkson on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 15-year - old girl from a shopping centre .
scotland 's two biggest firms have announced plans to create more than 1,000 new jobs .
a woman who was refused entry to a nightclub in nottingham says she was ` ` not good enough '' .
the uk 's child protection agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has taken over the internet for the first time .
german media group business insider has agreed to buy the publisher of german media firm business insider for a third time .
the number of centenarians in the uk is set to rise by 2050 , according to official statistics .
a mongolian rapper has been beaten with a swastika during a concert in mongolia , his father says .
the publisher of australia 's largest newspaper , fairfax media , has announced plans to cut about 100 jobs .
` ` i ' m writing this blog , '' says the director of the fbi , james comey .
northern ireland 's finance minister has said there is no solution to the crisis in the northern ireland executive .
what do you think about the armed forces in the run - up to the 2018 world war ii ?
a vicar who was arrested in connection with the arrest of a vicar has been bailed by police .
scientists have developed a new way to control the nerve of diabetic rats and diabetes .
scotland striker david goodwillie says he is not worried about his international future after signing a new contract .
pope francis has called for ` ` mature and compassionate '' society to be ` ` compassionate '' .
an ` ` outstanding '' drug to combat hiv has been discovered by us scientists at the university of california .
blackburn rovers striker akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the football association for failing to control his conduct .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side have a ` ` very good chance '' of reaching the europa league .
sony pictures has released details of how to deal with a hacking attack on north korea 's biggest entertainment venue .
the 175th anniversary of the first scottish boat race is being marked by the end of the year .
a man has denied raping and murdering a 15-year - old girl who was later raped .
kieron cadogan scored a hat - trick as sutton thrashed north ferriby in the national league .
national league side kidderminster harriers have appointed john eustace as their new manager .
david cameron has urged german chancellor angela merkel to give the uk free movement of people during the eu referendum .
alan curtis has been appointed swansea city 's first - team coach until the end of the season .
more people are taking part in the annual christmas day swim in the uk , organisers have said .
a hospital 's emergency department has declared a ` ` black alert '' for patients in cornwall .
the leader of the uk independence party , owen coburn , has said the party is in a ` ` death spiral '' .
regulators have begun investigations into former hbos executives , including the former chief executive of the financial services authority .
great britain 's david bowie won the men 's quadruple sculls at the european rowing championships .
google is introducing a 30-second 30-second tv advert for the bbc 's website .
coronation street has been named best soap awards for the first time in its 50-year history , with 12 prizes .
two brothers have been arrested after a baby marmoset was stolen from a zoo in australia with its mother .
benik afobe is set to become the first english player to play for dr congo in the 2017 africa cup of nations .
bradford bulls are in talks with the rugby football league over the future of the super league club , reports bbc radio nottingham .
peter thompson says derek mcinnes has come up trumps again to help aberdeen reach the scottish cup final .
jonas gutierrez says he has been ` ` born again '' after being diagnosed with cancer in the premier league .
the man accused of shooting dead dozens of people at a colorado cinema last week has been ordered to appear before a federal judge .
a major road in somerset is to reopen at long last after a major flood warning was lifted .
plans to demolish a former nightclub in swansea city centre are set to be submitted to the council .
dawid malan scored an unbeaten century as glamorgan beat middlesex in the one - day cup .
police in canada have arrested 10 suspected islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants who were detained in canada .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in coleraine , county londonderry .
the bbc 's india editor , narendra modi , has been talking about yoga at the country 's congress .
oldham athletic 's league one match against barnsley has been called off because of heavy rain on the pitch .
the pound has risen for the first time since the uk voted to leave the european union in june .
a group of soldiers have been jailed for disobeying a military parade in the brecon beacons .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a wooded area in nottinghamshire .
the isle of wight 's conservative mp has lost his bid to become the party 's next mp .
german oil giant bg group has reported a fall in profits for the first half of the year .
us science writer jason silberman has won the 2015 samuel johnson johnson prize for his debut novel neurotribes .
an arlene arkinson woman has told a murder trial she thought robert howard was going to have sex with her .
the department of justice -lrb- doj -rrb- has said it will not reveal how much money has been paid to former pupils who were abused by loyalist protesters in north belfast .
` ` i ' ve been living in a town in the north - eastern iraqi town of mosul , '' says mosul , a local farmer who has recently returned to his country .
a fire at a wood recycling plant in bridgend county is believed to have caused a large fire .
league two side crawley town have signed former hull city captain conor henderson on a two - year contract .
businesses in the uk will have to pay a # 3 m tax on wages , the chancellor has announced .
china 's president xi jinping has arrived in hong kong for a three - day visit to the city .
the woodland trust has called for more trees to be built in england to be protected by the government .
two australians have been charged with planning to behead members of the so - called islamic state group in australia .
huddersfield climbed out of the championship play - off places after coming from behind to beat struggling huddersfield town .
a woman has been jailed for life for murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in her home .
tottenham 's harry arter has been given a one - match suspension by the football association for elbowing sunderland 's victor sissoko .
former world number one novak djokovic has been knocked out of the olympic men 's doubles in rio .
alex baptiste scored the only goal of the game as preston north end came from behind to beat norwich .
fossils from two of the world 's largest dinosaurs have been discovered in australia , according to scientists .
global food security is ` ` very affected '' by climate change , according to a new report .
welsh secretary stephen crabb has said he is in ` ` absolute agreement '' that wales should be central to the uk government 's future .
a four - year - old boy in new zealand has won $ 1 m -lrb- # 1 m -rrb- in bonuses bonds , his wife says .
a flintshire fish smokery is to be taken over the running of lydney 's ` ` hidden gem '' .
the amount of water stored in the top 2 km of the earth 's surface has been mapped by scientists .
the owners of a drilling rig which ran aground on the isle of lewis have said they are in talks with the owners .
the met police has said it is ` ` pretty shocking '' after two nights of rioting in london .
politicians in northern ireland have been reacting to the news that the general election is over and in place .
league two side alfreton town have signed defender jake mooney on a one - month loan deal .
three northern ireland rowers have reached the final of the european rowing championships in lucerne , germany .
the cost of childcare in wales could rise by # 200 m a year , according to a leading forecaster .
the family of a teenager who died in a crash in powys have paid tribute to their ` ` treasured and much loved '' son .
the government 's decision to spend # 9 m on a campaign to keep britain in the european union is a ` ` disaster '' .
johnny sexton will start for the second test of the new zealand tour of new zealand in wellington on saturday .
landlords in southampton are being forced into rented homes by landlords who fail to register their licence .
jose mourinho says he wants to make changes to his manchester united squad for the rest of the season .
the governor of the us state of texas has called on lawmakers to stop using an emoji emoji emoji .
great britain 's andy murray beat argentina 's juan martin del potro to win his first atp world tour final .
a council has suspended its officers for failing to pay up to # 1,000 for littering .
wales rugby player mike phillips has been suspended for two days after an alleged incident in cardiff city centre .
four british tourists arrested in malaysia for ` ` shouting and disrespectful '' behaviour have been released .
a woman accused of raping and sexually abusing girls has told a court she was a ` ` lovely girl to an animal '' .
the last survivor of the auschwitz death camp says he has ` ` fond memories '' of playing football .
the us has condemned the ` ` brutal '' killing of a gay man and another in bangladesh .
people who suffer from chronic pain are more likely to suffer than others , according to a new study .
worcestershire all - rounder tom shantry has signed a new three - year contract with the county .
the idea of a doctor 's doctor 's hospital equipment has been described as ` ` an important milestone '' .
buy - to - let landlords in the uk will have to pay an extra # 180,000 in tax relief , the chancellor has announced .
an inquiry into institutional abuse in northern ireland is to be widened to include abuse victims from its remit .
arsenal ladies captain alex ferguson has signed a new three - year contract with the women 's super league club .
barcelona 's lionel messi is the most valuable player in the world , according to a new study .
syrian opposition leaders have held a rare meeting in the capital , damascus , in a show of support for a government crackdown .
the peruvian army says it has freed two suspected members of the shining path militant group , who were abducted last month .
a 16-year - old boy has been charged with raping a 16-year - old girl in a park .
french police are investigating the suicide of a young woman who took her own life on a railway tracks near paris .
a hospital has apologised after a report highlighted ` ` serious concerns '' about staffing .
chinese president xi jinping has urged the us to ` ` never close its open door to the outside world '' .
shillington , the first woman to score a twenty20 century as ireland lost to south africa in their world twenty20 qualifier .
british sprinter andrew mitchell - blake has become the first brit to win the 200 m at the world championships .
sunderland midfielder adam johnson will stand trial on charges of sexual activity with a child , the club have confirmed .
a woman who was jailed for taking # 100,000 from a dumfriesshire pensioner has had her conviction overturned .
an independent review of paediatric first aid training for nursery staff in greater manchester has been launched .
burnley midfielder michael keane has been ruled out of england 's world cup squad with a hamstring injury .
the prominent human rights activist leyla yunus has been sentenced to seven years in prison for embezzlement in azerbaijan .
manchester city and chelsea have been charged with violent conduct by the football association in the champions league quarter - final .
former nfl player chris simpson is to testify in a court in los angeles over the robbery of his own home .
at least 19 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected islamist militants in north - eastern nigeria .
ed miliband has unveiled a memorial to the ` ` millions of people '' who are turned off the election campaign .
people have been reacting to the discovery of a mysterious ` ` bright '' ufo in aberdeenshire .
britain 's andy boasson hagen retained the leader 's yellow jersey as team sky won the tour de france .
harry kane is ` ` struggling to see a weaknesses '' in his england squad , according to tottenham boss danny murphy .
police are investigating the death of a cycling champion who died after she was hit by a pick - up truck .
jose mourinho says he was ` ` completely aware '' of his team 's poor start to the season .
the nhs in england is looking to change the way pharmacies are dealing with patients and patients .
norwich city boss alex neil says his side deserved to win the championship play - off final at norwich city .
liverpool cruised into the second round of the efl cup with a comfortable victory over burton albion .
a scheme to improve the quality of cctv cameras in three denbighshire towns has been agreed .
cardiff city football club 's pre - tax profits have risen by more than # 170 m in the last year , according to new accounts .
the first giant panda cub to be born in hong kong has been artificially inseminated for the first time .
a murder investigation has been launched following the death of a pensioner in rhondda cynon taff .
cambridge united 's hopes of automatic promotion were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by stevenage .
a us university is suing apple over a patent that it used in iphones and ipads .
barcelona must ` ` stay as close '' as they beat real madrid to reach the champions league quarter - finals , says midfielder gerard pique .
a man has been arrested after a stolen car was stolen from a farm , sparking a police investigation .
a memorial service has been held for leeds rhinos president harry jepson , who has died aged 87 .
guy martin will ride for the 2016 ulster grand prix in dundrod , the organisers have confirmed .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it will sell 13 military sites for housing in england .
aston villa have signed former west ham midfielder carlton cole on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
swindon town 's luke murphy has been ruled out of the rest of the league two season with a hamstring injury .
the new taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- , [ UNK ] , is expected to be elected in june 's election .
us president - elect donald trump has named south carolina governor nikki haley as the new us ambassador .
hundreds of people have gathered in the spanish city of salgar to pay their respects to the victims of a massive landslide .
defending champion angelique kerber reached the second round of the aegon international with a hard - fought win over italy 's angelia falconi .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister , bertie ahern , has said there is a ` ` split society '' in northern ireland .
a banksy mural which was stolen from a high street in north london is to go on public display .
an irish government official has raised fears that the quiet man film may be a ` ` rollicking farce '' .
al - shabab militants from around somalia have been killed in a us air strike , the pentagon says .
uefa president alexander pohorecki says it is ` ` a little bit better '' for the next european championship .
comedian joe hart says he is ` ` scared to run '' and ` ` run '' a new album .
stonehenge may have been used as a ` ` storage heater '' , archaeologists say .
the number of people with diabetes in wales is at an ` ` alarming rate '' , a charity has warned .
a man who took a picture of a woman who died in a garden in kent has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' .
legal services firm axio has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in belfast by expanding its operations .
sam baldock scored the only goal of the game as brighton beat wolves to move up to fourth in the championship .
london welsh 's european challenge cup quarter - final against saracens has been postponed because of the ` ` uncertainty '' of their future .
zinedine zidane has been given a two - year ban by spanish football 's governing body .
more than 50,000 people have been recruited to help research into the causes of diseases such as cancer and diabetes .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of being members of anjem choudary , the metropolitan police have said .
an am and an assembly member have urged the welsh government to introduce a ban on agency fees in wales .
ben parkinson 's family has been ` ` buoyed up and elated '' after being nominated for the 2016 olympic games .
labour 's andy murray has won the edinburgh south west by - election , winning the general election .
a ` ` neglected '' snake has been found in a ceredigion park , the rspca has said .
bombardier belfast has unveiled a new type of jet wing for the first time in two years in belfast .
wales needs to be ` ` on video '' to get superfast broadband , according to a leading broadband expert .
a giant pig is set to appear in a tv show to raise money for workers who have paid for their pension .
overtime payments for police officers and staff in england and wales are ` ` not being abused '' , the bbc has learned .
a suicide bomb has exploded outside the embassy in the afghan capital , kabul , killing at least 11 people , police say .
leeds rhinos prop luke garbutt says he is ` ` very disappointed '' after his red card in sunday 's defeat by catalans .
jessica ennis - hill , jessica ennis - hill and jessica ennis - hill have been named britain 's greatest ever paralympian .
eastenders fans have been reacting to the news that they will be living in the east end this year .
police did not act in a way to resuscitate a man who died after taking cocaine , an inquest has found .
wales striker nathan jones will miss sunday 's world cup qualifier against preston north end with a hamstring injury .
the longest railway tunnel in the uk has reached a ` ` big breakthrough '' , engineers have said .
a second member of staff on the new south western rail service has been suspended after talks between two unions .
world champion david chilton says he was ` ` destined to be a world champion '' after the death of jules bianchi .
the owner of one of the uk 's biggest tyre suppliers , michelin , is to become the first owner of the michelin group .
wigan warriors head coach tony smith says his side will ` ` take confidence '' when they face warrington wolves in the challenge cup final .
you might think it would be a ` ` global police '' , but it 's not the best place in the world .
an 80-year - old woman has become the first person to take part in the london marathon .
australian cricketer phillip hughes has died after being hit by a bouncer during a cricket match in australia .
the discovery of a lost shipwreck in south - eastern africa is being celebrated by chinese experts .
a doctor who gave a 12-year - old boy the chance to see a doctor in the morning before he died has been accused of manslaughter .
the world 's heat has slowed to its lowest level since 1970 , according to a new study .
more must be done to protect the world 's food and infrastructure , according to a new report .
greece has withdrawn its request to return two of its marbles to the uk to the international criminal court .
cardiff city chairman mehmet dalman has questioned russell slade 's position as manager of the championship club .
a powys council 's former chief executive has failed in an attempt to overturn his suspension .
cyprus has agreed a bailout deal with the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
sam smith 's return to rugby league has been a success for rugby league 's professional rugby league .
us president - elect donald trump is suing the white house for not revealing the names of his staff at his resort in new york .
former manchester united striker bastian schweinsteiger has been named in the squad for the europa league group stage .
the canadian postal service , canada post , has announced plans to cut the cost of universal mail by 2050 .
france 's far - right presidential candidate emmanuel macron has announced he will not stand in next year 's presidential election .
australia 's prime minister malcolm turnbull has urged the government to close offshore migrant camps in offshore detention centres .
refugees from syria will be celebrating their first christmas in wales at christmas , the first minister has said .
the scottish parliament has delayed the formal process of setting up an agreement on the fiscal framework of the scotland bill .
a new power station is set to be built on the site of a new waste incinerator .
factory activity in china 's manufacturing sector contracted unexpectedly in july , according to a closely watched survey .
a senior minister in india 's gujarat state has been sentenced to life in prison for masterminding the 2002 anti - muslim riots .
a flypast has been held to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of the uk 's most decorated aircraft .
the first giant panda to be born in scotland at the end of the month is now pregnant , the zoo has said .
the speaker of the italian senate has been suspended for a day after allegedly shouting an anti - government politician .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
it 's one of the most successful technology projects in the world , and we ' ve ever seen .
fishermen have been warned to avoid eating shellfish off the west coast of argyll and or or or bute .
china 's environment ministry has declared 10 of its 10 cities with ` ` severe smog '' in the east of the country .
beyonce has topped forbes ' list of the world 's top 10 most influential musicians , according to the latest forbes list .
the uk government 's decision to stop arms sales to saudi arabia was lawful , the high court has ruled .
the bank of england has cut interest rates for the first time since the brexit vote in 2008 .
it 's one of the world 's most famous musicians , and they ' ve been playing music .
donegal will meet fermanagh in the all - ireland football semi - finals after conor macniallais 's second - half goal earned fermanagh a 1 - 14 to 0 - 14 win over fermanagh .
israel 's parliament has voted to decriminalise the use of marijuana , the un says .
telecoms provider talktalk has reported a pre - tax loss of # 13 m for the three months to 31 march .
former world superbike champion franck petricola has died in a crash at the isle of man tt .
three nurses who cared for patients at a south wales hospital have been jailed for neglecting their patients .
a family from luton who went missing in turkey last month have been found alive , police have said .
the first ever european judo championships will be held in the west midlands this year , organisers have announced .
the world 's first concrete skyscraper in china will be built in 2018 , according to the italian architect .
a ` ` depraved '' paedophile who used ` ` extreme '' images of children has been jailed for two years .
juan mata scored twice as chelsea came from behind to beat sunderland and move into fourth place in the premier league .
six people have been charged in connection with the hillsborough disaster in which football match commander david duckenfield died .
graeme shinnie 's late equaliser earned aberdeen victory over apollon limassol in the europa league .
at least two people have been killed in a spate of looting in a village in western venezuela .
a former tory peer has been found guilty of posting a ` ` racist '' tweet on facebook about gina miller .
north korea 's foreign minister kenneth bae , who has been detained in a labour camp in north korea , has returned to the us .
openers chris wakely and tom keogh both made half - centuries as leicestershire took control of their division two match against northants .
in the wake of the murder of russian president recep tayyip erdogan , the russian ambassador to turkey came to an end .
drugs with an estimated street value of # 50,000 have been seized by police in gloucestershire .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- was the biggest party in northern ireland 's general election campaign .
ospreys ' hopes of reaching the european challenge cup quarter - finals were dented as they lost to exeter .
the killing of ex - russian spy alexander litvinenko in 2006 was an ` ` outrage '' , the met police has said .
ethiopian runner feyisa lilisa lilisa , who has run for the rio 2016 olympic games , has become an international symbol .
phil mickelson carded a six - under - par 65 to move into the final round of the open at royal troon .
police are investigating whether heroin has been linked to a batch of drugs in caerphilly county .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of slavery offences after a number of suspected slavery victims were found .
the number of people in the uk who leave work for medical reasons has risen to one in eight , according to the tuc .
a man has been seriously injured in a head - on crash with a lorry which left him badly injured .
an easyjet aircraft was forced to make an emergency landing in amsterdam due to a ` ` strong smell of smoke '' .
a former celtic football fan has appeared in court accused of indecently assaulting a teenage boy .
security forces in indian - administered kashmir have fired tear gas at protesters in the disputed region of tral .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who has been missing for more than a week .
plans to create a museum on the world 's most famous dinosaura have been given a # 500,000 grant .
jeremy corbyn has vowed to ` ` transform '' the transport system in england , as he launched his election campaign .
the mother of an 11-year - old boy who was taken out of school in west london has won a high court battle over her son 's right to attend school .
plans to demolish a community hospital in denbighshire have been given the go - ahead .
a 14-year - old boy in malaysia has died after becoming trapped inside the living twin , his mother has said .
a man has died after taking a ` ` synthetic '' form of the drug mdma in greater manchester .
league two side luton town have signed northern ireland international paddy o'neill on a one - year contract .
terminally - ill charlie gard is in a critical condition in hospital in london , the high court has ruled .
st johnstone midfielder liam craig has signed a new two - year contract with the scottish premiership club until 2019 .
no charges will be brought against a labour mp who was arrested on suspicion of inciting racial hatred .
a lorry driver who killed a mother and her unborn son in a head - on crash has been jailed for nine months .
guinea reached the quarter - finals of the under-20 world cup with a 1 - 0 victory over argentina in the quarter - finals .
a powerful typhoon packing ` ` torrential rain '' has swept eastern china , forcing thousands of people to leave their homes .
ed sheeran , ed sheeran and ed sheeran are all about to headline the brit awards .
a charity has said it is ` ` desperate '' to find suitable accommodation for people who have been released from prison .
paul downton has been named as the new chief executive of the england cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- .
one direction have announced they are to reunite with one direction for the first time since leaving the band .
north korea has returned to malaysia for the first time since the death of kim jong - nam , the country 's leader , kim jong - nam .
police have appealed for information after a man was threatened with a gun during a burglary at a house in north belfast .
the battle of the somme was the biggest mistake in world war one , but how did you stop ?
the government 's plans to force all schools to become academies are ` ` not doing well '' , according to a report .
the nhs in england will have to publish its financial results after the general election , official figures show .
a french aid worker who was kidnapped by houthi rebels in yemen has returned home to oman .
swansea and st davids are bidding to become the uk capital of culture 2017 , according to the eye on wales .
more than 1,300 militants from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- have been killed in air strikes in iraq and syria , the uk has said .
sri lanka off - spinner rangana herath has signed a new three - year contract .
police are investigating the deaths of a mother and son whose bodies were found at a house in west london .
residents in gourock have been advised to stay indoors after a suspected world war two mine was found on the river gourock .
police in the western indian city of mumbai say they are searching for the construction of an illegal high - rise building .
a man has died after he was hit by a lorry on the m20 in kent , police said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the dangers of skin infections .
parents in neath port talbot are being urged to get their children vaccinated against the mmr virus .
a ` ` significant improvement '' in staff morale at hmp bristol has been found in the wake of an inspection .
aberdeen have agreed a deal to sign ross county 's scott flinders on loan until the end of the season .
pro - russian separatists in the black sea have clashed with the opposition in the north - east of abkhazia .
the first phase of a 20 mph speed limit in edinburgh is to be rolled out in 2017 .
saudi arabia 's new red sea tourism project will begin in 2022 , the bbc has learned .
newport county chairman gavin foxall says the club 's decision to sack manager graham westley was an ` ` uplift '' in their mood .
victims of crime in england and wales are ` ` not as a wish list '' , a police commissioner has said .
the finance minister of guernsey 's department has resigned following a row over the department 's finances .
the syrian government has retaken the northern town of al - rai , a stronghold of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
a man who was jailed for sexually abusing a former education worker in sheffield has been awarded a council pension .
in the wake of monday 's terror attack at manchester arena , the bbc 's security correspondent will be careful about how to deal with the operation .
valtteri bottas is set to join williams next season , according to sources close to reports .
one of the uk 's most wanted fugitives has been described as a ` ` cold , calculated terrorist '' .
an aberdeenshire finance boss who stole more than # 600,000 from her employer has been ordered to repay # 600,000 .
falkirk manager peter houston says he is ` ` 100 % '' interested in signing teenage left - back tony leahy .
gatwick airport has been given assurances that it will not be able to build a new runway at gatwick airport .
a grand jury in the us state of texas has acquitted the death of sandra bland , who died in police custody last month .
councils in england are facing the biggest budget cuts since 2010 , a committee of mps has warned . .
england 's euro 2016 campaign continued with a 1 - 0 victory over slovakia in saint - etienne .
archaeologists in the us have unearthed what they believe is the largest grave in europe 's history of the roman era .
the story of the murder of a british banker and a woman in a hong kong flat has been published in court .
the us says it is ready to take full control of libya 's government , the country 's second largest rebel group .
great britain 's jake grabarz secured his second olympic heptathlon title with victory in the men 's 60 m .
the uk 's best - selling urinary catheter has been branded ` ` inadequate '' by a leading expert .
yafai won the british and commonwealth super - flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over argentina 's yafai in manchester .
one of india 's most famous steel plants , tata house in mumbai , is one of the most famous buildings in the world .
a man who drove a rollercoaster into a homeless shelter in dumfries has been banned from driving .
sri lanka 's government has promised to set up a special court to investigate allegations of war crimes in the country .
the somali authorities say they have freed nine crew members who were held hostage by pirates in the north - east .
a pro - independence blogger has been arrested in connection with an allegation of online harassment .
news corp , the world 's largest media group , has reported a pre - tax loss for the first time in three years .
chloe grace moretz has spoken about the issue of body shaming on the set of her latest film .
a nine - year - old girl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a football ball has been discharged from hospital .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges of myanmar 's human rights .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
india 's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.4 % in the first three months of the financial crisis , according to official figures .
wycombe wanderers goalkeeper nathan blackman saved two first - half penalties as his side lost to blackpool .
a torfaen printing company has gone into liquidation with the loss of hundreds of jobs , an am has said .
a man has been questioned by police investigating the death of notorious criminal david palmer , who was shot dead in essex last year .
the uk will retain its nuclear weapons system if it leaves the european union , theresa may has said .
people who use cigarettes as a form of self - medication could increase the risk of schizophrenia , according to researchers .
great britain 's adam peaty won olympic breaststroke gold in the men 's 50 m breaststroke .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has praised fly - half olly woodburn for his performance in the region .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at africa 's economic woes .
the family of a man who posted a racist video on facebook said they are ` ` too strong to be threatened '' .
two bottles of whisky galore could be added to the island 's official records , according to an expert .
on the outskirts of the gaza strip , the residents of the city 's main road are still waiting for their money .
pro - russian separatist rebels in the eastern ukrainian town of debaltseve have left the rebel - held town , the ukrainian president says .
a doctor who tried to persuade his wife into taking heroin has been given a three - year suspended sentence .
the nhs in england could save # 500 m a year if foreign visitors are entitled to hospital , according to new research .
premier league clubs are to donate # 1.25 m to the victims of the grenfell tower fire .
caledonian macbrayne ferry workers are to stage a second 24-hour strike in a dispute over a new contract .
heavy storms in eastern poland have killed at least 19 people and injured several others , officials have said .
the royal shakespeare company 's production of matilda has been cancelled for a second night in a row .
the head teacher of a school in bangladesh has been sacked for allegedly insulting islam , the government says .
two people have been taken to hospital after a tanker overturned on the m4 in cardiff .s .
the organisers of the first ultramarathon in hong kong have defended the course 's ` ` boring '' course .
former france international steve mccourt says he is ` ` very excited '' about the future of marseille .
lloyds banking group has returned to full private ownership in the first half of the financial crisis in recent years .
manchester city striker jorge paulo has joined spanish side celta vigo on a season - long loan .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in south - east london .
the uk 's first team of scientists has launched a new geological map of the world where earthquakes happen .
aid workers in vanuatu say they are in ` ` very good supply '' after cyclone pam tore through the country .
ukraine 's far - right leader , the far - right leader of the far - right pro - independence party , is a major political crisis .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested two people in connection with the murder of a british man in london .
leicester striker wes morgan is a doubt for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
the uk 's human trafficking commissioner has said there is a ` ` significant increase '' in the number of people being brought in from nigeria .
nine men have been arrested in chad in connection with the rape of a woman in the capital , brasilia .
lawyers for the former north wales police chief who was jailed for historical sex abuse have submitted an application to appeal against his conviction .
the world 's biggest aircraft maker , boeing , has unveiled a new high - powered laser beam .
women in the intelligence services are being held back by ` ` male and female '' staff , according to mps .
the bbc 's 100 women season has been brought to an end in the syrian city of damascus .
former tour de france winner lance armstrong is suing the us government for allegedly using drugs in his sport .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in the london market closed higher after the bank of england said it plans to raise funds for the sector .
the aa has reported a sharp rise in the number of people who have signed up with the car insurance tax .
bus lane closures in preston are to remain at least until further notice after changes were made in the city centre .
an australian woman has described how she killed a ` ` very lucky '' koala when she accidentally hit her car .
sue townsend , the author of the children 's author , is to open a new production of her novel adrian mole .
police investigating a dissident republican arms dump in county antrim have said they are ` ` deeply concerned '' by the discovery of an arms dump .
irish rugby union chief executive mark dodson has told the bbc that the future of the pro12 is ` ` not an option '' .
a primary school in fife has been forced to apologise for failing to meet its standards .
rock band u2 have paid tribute to their ` ` epic nights '' at a concert in dublin .
australia reached the quarter - finals of the world cup with a comprehensive victory over wales in melbourne .
a former greater manchester police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a 16-year - old boy .
swedish police say they have arrested a man suspected of carrying out an attack on a building in stockholm last year .
the united arab emirates has accused a us - led coalition of using two inbound missiles at a naval ship in yemen .
lionel richie is to become the first person of the year to perform at the glastonbury festival .
falkirk came from behind to beat queen of the south and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
former world champion javier rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the 2016 season .
a motorcyclist has died in a collision with a car in east london , police have said .
smartphone maker blackberry has launched a new handset with a battery - powered operating system that could cost up to [ UNK ] # 2bn .
a scottish paralympian has revealed he was ` ` almost passed out '' after having a tumour in his back .
russian dissident boris khodorkovsky says he is considering applying for asylum in the uk .
greenock morton manager jim duffy has urged his players to prepare for sunday 's scottish cup quarter - final .
a service to mark vj day has been held in portsmouth for the first time since vj day .
australian swimmer jack burnell says he is ` ` absolutely ridiculous '' after he was disqualified from the men 's 4x100 m freestyle final .
newport gwent dragons prop mike nesbitt will miss the rest of the season after being banned for striking .
millwall extended their unbeaten run to four games with a goalless draw at league one strugglers walsall .
the number of children being bullied online has risen by more than a third in a year , according to a new report .
a woman accused of grooming and sexually exploiting a girl has had her conviction withdrawn , the crown prosecution service has said .
russian athletes are ` ` sleep on the job '' , according to former athletics chief ed warner .
pope francis has accused turkey of ` ` massive and unprecedented '' killings of armenians by ottoman forces in world war one .
the nhs in wales is to be offered a daily dose of a drug which could reduce the risk of hiv .
police in the republic of ireland have seized herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of # 40 m .
two people have pleaded guilty to wilful neglect after a teenager fell into a canal during a swimming lesson .
devolution needs to go further and faster , the former head of the church in wales has said .
the history of the highland clearances has been marked with a donation to the family of one of the founders of inverness .
commemorations have taken place across the republic of ireland to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
the bbc trust has defended its decision to sack tv presenter chris packham over a magazine article he wrote on grouse shooting .
a schoolgirl with a rare form of ultra - rare disease has been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
a baby wombat has been born at a wildlife sanctuary in australia for the first time in five years .
john lewis , the world 's most famous retailers , is celebrating the end of the christmas ad .
one of the uk 's rarest birds of prey , the curlew , has been added to the red list of species in northern ireland .
the number of people in the scottish borders has risen by 23 % in the last year , according to the local authority .
scarlets flanker james davies has apologised to fans and fans after his side 's european champions cup defeat by toulon .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have destroyed ancient artefacts in iraq , according to a video released by the bbc .
a 19-year - old man has been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in londonderry .
sir bradley wiggins and danny glover took great britain 's first gold medal of the rio olympics .
the department for transport has been accused of failing to properly investigate its failure to run the london underground project .
nottinghamshire director of cricket mick newell says the club 's relegation to the premier league is a ` ` shame '' .
kenyan police say they have shot dead a policeman with a machete and a machete in his home .
staff at a wildlife reserve in turkey say they have found the first female lions cub to be born in captivity .
former israeli prime minister ehud olmert has been charged with corruption in connection with a corruption investigation .
a man was ` ` highly drunk '' and ` ` highly impaired '' in a fight outside a pub in aberdeen , a court has heard .
carl frampton will defend his ibf featherweight title against leo santa cruz in new york on saturday .
a judge in the us state of ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of raping a 16-year - old girl .
plans for a # 1.2 m project to improve snowdonia 's mountain have been approved .
a man who carried out the manchester arena attack said he was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response to the attack .
us media giant find out a $ 14.6 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 13.6 bn -rrb- deal to buy us television network find a ` ` better - than - expected deal '' .
two teenagers have been arrested in connection with disorder and disorder following celtic 's premiership match with celtic .
tv presenter julie hesmondhalgh has become the patron of broadchurch , a charity has said .
more than 100 people have taken part in a street party in aberdeen .   's queen elizabeth ii .
derry city earned their first win of the season as they beat derry 2 - 1 at maginn park .
police are appealing for information after a man was seen falling into the side of a road in dover .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 41-year - old man in dundee .
russia says it has conducted military exercises in eastern ukraine with pro - russian rebels in the east .
ben stokes hit an unbeaten century as england beat india by seven wickets in the first one - day international .
a councillor who tweeted a racist tweet on his twitter account has been suspended by police .
a cathedral is marking the 400th anniversary of the death of a 600-year - old woman at gloucester cathedral .
mo farah has become the first british athlete to win an olympic medal in rio , and is looking forward to the next olympics .
league two side colchester united have signed southampton defender jake mcqueen on a season - long loan deal . .
a man has died after falling into a hot spring in the us state of wyoming , officials say .
us president barack obama has urged the us not to ` ` reject '' its ` ` courage '' in the wake of the dallas police killings .
the origins of europe 's modern - day descendants of the basque people have been reconstructed by scientists .
the northern ireland executive 's biggest property fund , cerberus , has been accused of helping to get access to the executive .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he will take time to prove his side are the best team in the premier league .
ospreys kept alive their hopes of reaching the pro12 play - offs with a hard - fought victory over the ospreys .
at least 19 people have been killed in mali since the end of last month , a rights group says .
arsenal striker santi cazorla will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the chief executive of dumfries and galloway council is to leave the authority , the authority has confirmed .
the man accused of killing six people at an airport in florida last year has been charged with terrorism .
martyn irvine has announced he will retire from cycling at the 2016 commonwealth games in rio after failing to recover from injury .
the discovery of an asteroid at the chicxulub crater in the us is a ` ` significant sign '' , say scientists .
american golfer mark allenby says he is ` ` being dumped in a hotel '' in hawaii after being robbed by a homeless woman .
the number of students being investigated for plagiarism in their courses has risen by more than a third , bbc wales has learned .
belfast 's tallest building , the installation at the centre of the renewable heat incentive scandal , has been sold .
nigeria 's parliament has proposed tougher penalties for those who send abusive messages to journalists , calling it a ` ` hate crime '' .
west ham chairman tony sullivan and his wife david gold have confirmed they are in talks to buy the club .
former england test wicketkeeper mark lewis says he is ` ` in a privileged position '' after being released from prison .
the uk 's economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter of 2015 , official figures show .
david beckham 's wife and wife victoria are ` ` hyper - correcting '' when they drop their h skills , according to a new study .
norway has refused to accept a top summit of the country 's highest mountain , after a social media backlash .
barcelona footballer neymar has appeared in court in spain accused of tax evasion and tax evasion .
teachers in northern ireland will not be intimidated or intimidated , the head of the education authority has said .
macclesfield town have released defenders michael o'donnell and aaron smith , paul hogan and aaron mafuta .
more people in wales have not registered to vote in the assembly election , the presiding officer of the assembly has said .
the world 's biggest night producer , ed sheeran , has performed for the first time this year .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum , president - elect denis isturiz has said .
more than 20,000 genes have been found in the genetic code that causes breast cancer , according to scientists .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
visitors to jersey 's coral islands have been taking part in a series of attacks on sea birds .
the us has said it will not be able to co - operate with russia as it prepares to fly to germany .
the architect of the northern ireland welfare system , sir william moore , has set out his vision for welfare .
china is set to become the world 's top graduate population by 2020 , according to a new forecast from the international think tank .
england test captain peter moores has ` ` the best out of me '' , according to former captain joe root .
south korea has cancelled an exam which was due to take place in the us , after a row over the exam was resolved .
the former chief medical officer of scotland 's health watchdog is to lead a review of health and social care standards .
the government has announced plans to make it easier for landlords to take legal action against foreign criminals .
kia motors has been named as the world 's most valuable car brands , according to a new survey .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has said he turned down an invitation to be his secretary of the state .
britain 's andy murray beat milos raonic in a thrilling final to win his third wimbledon title .
scientists say they have found the first evidence of the deadly fungus that has killed ash in east anglia .
it 's one of the biggest legal battles in the history of the uk 's brexit negotiations .
two british sisters who were stranded in a fishing boat off the indonesian island of sumatra have been found safe .
the mother of a boy who was taken off a flight from london to toulouse says her son was ` ` irresponsible '' .
the health regulator monitor has launched an investigation into a cancer hospital in manchester which is being investigated by the health watchdog .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has used social media to congratulate the country 's politicians after the election .
substitute ricardo santos scored twice as barnet came from behind to beat leyton orient 3 - 1 in league two .
nottingham forest boss gary brazil says he is ` ` very focused '' on finding a new manager .
the us central bank has passed the federal reserve 's annual stress tests , following the recent financial crisis .
bournemouth have signed australia goalkeeper federici on a two - year contract after his release by reading .
a senior snp msp who was accused of being involved in the decision - making of the t in the park festival has been cleared of wrongdoing .
former lib dem mp peter law has said he is ` ` disappointed and upset '' after losing his seat .
the grounded rig that ran aground last month has returned to turkey after being grounded for more than two weeks .
a german woman is suing bayer for failing to protect her daughter from the risks of taking her contraceptive pill .
police in peru have arrested a man accused of posting a picture of him on social media of him ` ` a thundercat '' .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has cut its interest rate to zero .
tributes have been paid to former loyalist paramilitary commander william smith , who has died at the age of 67 .
the gap between rich and poor in the world has reached its highest level since 2008 , according to one of the world 's richest people .
the family of a londonderry man who died in a fall in china have paid tribute to him .
the belfast giants will play their first match of the 2017 elite league season against the elite league in europe .
chelsea striker eden hazard will miss the start of the new premier league season after suffering a broken ankle .
a cardiff student diagnosed with leukaemia is still waiting to find a stem cell match , a charity has said .
a husband was unlawfully killed by his wife before killing himself , an inquest has been told .
former inverness caledonian thistle manager john hughes has announced he is to retire at the end of the season .
the icc women 's world twenty20 begins in india on thursday , with the opening match of the tournament .
the uk sport 's international governing body has been criticised for its ` ` independent review '' of its medical practices .
former welsh drug lord howard marks has died at the age of 21 , his family has confirmed , the bbc understands .
nottingham forest have signed greece international defender yannick bouchalakis from olympiakos for an undisclosed fee .
south africa 's education minister has resigned after he was accused of assaulting a woman at a courtroom in johannesburg .
hundreds of people have been killed in a landslide in colombia 's north - eastern province .
supermarket giant tesco has agreed to pay # 1.7 bn to settle a # 3.7 bn fraud charge .
the uk 's biggest space telescope , gaia , is to be sent to france for the first time .
nick kyrgios beat american sam querrey to reach the second round of the shanghai masters .
double olympic champion lewis - francis has been named in great britain 's four - man squad for the world championships in february .
a woman 's body has been recovered from the sea off aberdare , south wales police has said .
league one side scunthorpe united have re - signed bradford city striker jordan williams on a one - year contract .
british cycling 's chief executive ian drake has been named cycling 's world governing body for the first time .
two primary schools in northern ireland have launched a pilot scheme aimed at helping pupils cope with mental wellbeing .
two men have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his flat .
hibernian have appointed alan stubbs as head coach until the end of the season , according to rotherham united .
the us city of ferguson has become the first black mayor to be elected to the city 's council .
the number of injuries on the m74 in glasgow has fallen to its lowest level since it opened , according to new research .
six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found on a motorway .
the case of a british man accused of illegally possessing weapons in india has been adjourned again .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was indecently assaulted on a train in moray .
nigeria 's economy has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to the latest official figures .
the head of australia 's catholic church has accused pope john paul ii of ` ` destroyed our unity '' .
arsenal returned to the top of the premier league with a stunning victory over liverpool at emirates stadium to maintain their unbeaten start .
police are investigating after a firearm was found in a wheelie bin in north belfast on friday afternoon .
thousands of climbers are being urged to join up a ` ` massive chain '' of ice in the himalayas .
the makers of itv 's hit tv show ant & dec have apologised for ` ` mistakes '' in the first episode of the game .
the jury in the trial of a couple accused of performing a sex act on a man has been discharged .
west brom striker saido berahino was ` ` desperate '' to have done better after his goalless draw with west brom , says manager tony pulis .
a police officer in the us state of texas has been charged with murder over the death of a teenager in a shooting .
swansea city have ` ` lost their way '' in the premier league , according to former midfielder alan curtis .
shrewsbury town have signed defender jake caton from league two side stevenage on a one - year contract .
a teenager has been seriously injured after he was attacked by a group of younger people on a train in glasgow .
three firefighters who rescued a man who had to be trapped in a broken - down car have said they saved him .
peterborough united boss graham westley says there is ` ` a hungover '' in their league one play - off hopes .
a british soldier who was killed in an attack on a police patrol in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of us student otto warmbier , who died in north korea .
millions of viewers across the world are taking part in prank tv shows that have been hit by the recent earthquake .
great britain 's jo korir and callum hawkins won the men 's 10,000 m at the glasgow marathon .
the mother of a three - month - old baby who died in a flat in the ukrainian capital kiev has been found dead , police say .
sale sharks ' josh charnley is hoping to become the first man in rugby league to play rugby union .
sir bradley wiggins , mark cavendish and mark cavendish will compete in the tour of britain in september .
glamorgan have signed south african batsman colin ingram as their overseas player for next season 's big bash competition .
lewis hamilton says he is capable of winning the world championship for the first time in four years after winning the title .
a life - size replica of thunderbirds creator jamie anderson is to be auctioned for the first time .
the human rights watch group has called for ` ` swift and proper investigation '' into the deaths of civilians in libya .
accrington stanley have signed midfielders aaron rothwell and aaron maguire from barnsley for undisclosed fees , while defender aaron maguire has joined peterborough united .
a new team of estate agents will be set up by the ministry of justice -lrb- oft -rrb- in mid wales .
the closure of eastbourne hospital 's maternity and paediatric services is due to ` ` massive consequences '' for children and children .
two world war two glider pilots who fought in the battle of the somme have been recognised for their bravery .
a man has died after his car was hit by a train on a level crossing , police said .
the sunday times says it has ` ` insufficient evidence '' to support claims made by a doctor who treated premier league footballers .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has apologised to fans who received a spoof email from the scottish fa .
mixu paatelainen believes kilmarnock will be ` ` tough '' for his side .
south africa 's top christian group has called for the country to retain christian holidays from all beliefs .
a tickets signed by the beatles at a gig in norwich is to be auctioned by bonhams .
leigh centurions beat leigh centurions to become the first side to reach the super league play - offs .
antrim maintained their hopes of avoiding relegation from the all - ireland football championship by beating armagh 1 - 11 to 1 - 11 in sunday 's decider .
jake sheppard scored twice as dagenham and redbridge came from behind to salvage a draw with bromley .
a barge that ran adrift at a north sea oilfield in the north sea has been towed to safety .
the owner of japan 's biggest maker , dentsu , has been charged with manslaughter over the death of a woman .
six players from wales ' recycling collections have taken part in a charity recycling centre in torfaen .
st ronan 's in the all - ireland football semi - finals ended with a 1 - 14 to 1 - 14 to 1 - 12 win over ballinamallard .
former jockey hayley turner says she is looking for ` ` all or nothing '' as she prepares to become a jockey .
the daily show has become one of the most popular entertainment shows in the world , but jon stewart has been a source of controversy .
the final day of the second test between england and australia at edgbaston was the result of the ashes series .
police are investigating after 16 petrol bombs were found in a glasgow street , police have said on social media .
an audit of the uk 's biggest communications providers has found ` ` serious issues '' in the wake of the talktalk hack .
` ` i ' m going to a pub , '' said delist delistri , ` ` the god of god 's '' .
the founder of the online silk road 2.0 website has pleaded guilty to charges of drug trafficking .
hull city have confirmed they are interested in buying the club for the 2016 - 17 premier league season .
the uk 's decision to leave the european union ` ` will not happen '' , foreign secretary philip hammond has said .
a lorry driver who smuggled 20 migrants into the uk from albania and syria has been jailed .
holders hibernian and celtic will meet in the scottish cup quarter - finals on saturday . .
us president barack obama is expected to sign the paris climate agreement later this year , with the signing of a new global climate agreement .
more than 100 police officers have been freed from a military base in afghanistan after a hostage siege by the taliban .
former liberal democrat leader nick clegg has taken a leave leave of the party to ` ` save our country '' .
a county antrim primary school teacher is in a critical condition in hospital after an incident at a school .
welsh 400 m runner sally peake is targeting a personal best at the world athletics championships in cardiff .
an academy chain has announced plans to merge with a neighbouring school in the north east of england and create a ` ` really great '' .
conor o'brien will make his ireland debut in saturday 's six nations game against italy in dublin .
wigan athletic moved to within four points of the championship play - off places with victory over wigan athletic .
former england striker robert snodgrass has appeared in court accused of driving a baby in the arms .
the conservative party has accused the conservatives of ` ` playing politics '' with the government 's plan to cut defence spending .
a man and a woman who died when their car crashed into two cyclists have been named by police .
the french government has ordered ` ` special measures '' to stop the publication of satirical magazine charlie hebdo .
ferrari 's kimi raikkonen headed title rival lewis hamilton in first practice at the chinese grand prix .
a man who died after being hit by a van in glasgow has been named by police as john lewis .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a shooting in rhondda cynon taff .
pakistan 's tour to bangladesh has been cancelled , according to cricket australia chief executive asad khan .
an eight - year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car during a snowman rally in the highlands .
` ` it 's a good day , '' says andrew , a british policeman at lido beach in somalia .
a ban on the sale of cigarettes in wales has come into force in a bid to stop people smoking .
a woman has been seriously injured after she was attacked by a group of men at a restaurant in kent .
a police officer has been charged with three offences following an investigation into allegations of misconduct in public office .
a former senior civil servant is to appear before mps on the iraq inquiry into the 2003 invasion of iraq .
an army mascot has been named after the death of lance corporal derby , who was killed in a christmas day parade .
scotland 's economy will grow at its fastest pace in four years , according to a new report .
george clooney has received a ` ` classy '' welcome at a care home for his ` ` great icon '' .
three police officers have been cleared of misconduct over their handling of a meeting with conservative mp andrew mitchell .
it 's the 30th anniversary of italy 's 1966 world cup clash with northern ireland and northern ireland .
sports direct chief executive dave ashley has been sacked by the company 's board , the bbc understands .
great britain 's women lost 2 - 2 to north korea in the women 's euro 2017 quarter - finals .
the national union of students -lrb- nus -rrb- is launching a campaign against tuition fees in england .
the uk 's largest online travel agents -lrb- oft -rrb- has been ordered to allow customers to discount their room price .
tributes have been paid to the man who led the search for the missing people in northern ireland .
the national timber firm natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- has been accused of breaching eu state aid rules .
the world 's drug traffickers are now in danger of being involved in drug trafficking , according to an international inquiry .
a burst water main in the centre of a busy road in bournemouth has caused severe disruption to supplies .
everton are in talks to sign manchester city 's england defender john stones before the end of the season .
andy murray , novak djokovic , andy murray and novak djokovic are among the top 10 players in tennis .
the number of nursery staff in england has fallen by almost a third in a year , according to campaigners .
a drug normally used to treat osteoporosis increases the risk of broken bones , a study has found .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says he is a bit ` ` rusty '' as he prepares to face slovenia on sunday .
a judge in the us state of maine has refused to issue marriage licences to any gay couples .
low - cost airline durham tees valley has announced plans to launch a series of new flights .
plans to demolish jersey 's only art deco terminal have been described as ` ` an accident '' .
the scottish government has set out plans to increase the number of sports estates in community ownership in scotland .
police scotland has said it is ` ` disturbed '' that the number of cases of child sexual exploitation in scotland is not being collected .
league two side hartlepool united have appointed former crewe alexandra boss craig hignett as their new manager .
the treasury 's response to the brexit vote is a ` ` moment for the economy '' .
the us has expelled two senior officials from the united states after an alleged assault on a us diplomat .
more than 5,000 syrian refugees have been resettled in wales in the first half of 2016 .
police in italy say they have seized more than $ 1.5 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- from a notorious mafia boss .
ghana coach avram grant has defended his team 's performance in the africa cup of nations in gabon .
a huge snowstorm has caused disruption in parts of northern ireland , with thousands of cars left without power .
england reached the women 's world twenty20 final with a comprehensive seven - wicket victory over australia in abu dhabi .
claudio bravo 's century led west indies to victory in the first day - night test in abu dhabi .
five people have been taken to hospital after a helicopter crashed in snowdonia , killing five people .
the us says it is ready to train up to 15,000 syrian troops in the first three years .
google has rolled out its first ` ` moonshot '' scheme to keep a cluster of balloons over the world .
united airlines has said it will not be able to save the belfast - atlantic air route .
when pan am flight 103 was hijacked in the united states in 1985 , the crew of one of the world 's longest - running passenger planes .
india 's supreme court has refused to send an italian marine accused of killing two fishermen in 2012 .
us democratic governor jerry brown has vetoed a bill to end a so - called tampon tax on women .
bromley climbed into the national league play - off places with a 1 - 0 victory over torquay .
brechin city moved into the scottish league one play - off places with victory over stenhousemuir .
wolves head coach paul lambert has ` ` come in with a plan '' , according to head coach jonjo bodvarsson .
an oscar - nominated make - up artist has said he is ` ` an incredible talent '' .
a cheshire councillor has said he is ` ` disappointed '' his authority has been ` ` misled '' by a councillor .
fishermen in wales are being urged to report reports of a shark which has been extinct in the uk .
a woman has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a motorcyclist in lincolnshire .
northern ireland have qualified for the euro 2016 quarter - finals after reaching the semi - finals .
haiti 's president michel martelly has been accused of insulting a woman at a political rally .
a 15-year - old girl has been seriously injured after being bitten by a dog at a prison in london .
the leader of a welsh conservative group has accused the welsh government of being a ` ` tittle - tattle '' .
the ministry of defence says it is ` ` working with '' a new type of body armour to combat operations in afghanistan .
the number of babies born outside the uk rose by nearly 500,000 in 2013 , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a second run of postal ballot papers for the general election in hull has been cancelled after printing error .
eu citizens living in the uk will face a ` ` cliff edge '' when the uk leaves the eu , the prime minister has said .
the death of st helens rugby league player danny flower is ` ` imminent '' , police have said .
a prominent indian politician has been arrested in connection with a newspaper report that a number of muslim people applied to become teachers .
a paedophile who tried to groom a 14-year - old girl online has been jailed for four years .
older people in care homes in wales are being ` ` chemically coshed '' , the commissioner for wales has said .
yorkshire 's jack leaning took a career - best 152 as lancashire dominated the first day of the roses match at headingley .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at nigeria 's cricket league .
twenty - one patients have been evacuated from altnagelvin hospital 's ward at altnagelvin hospital in londonderry .
at least 15 people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a shia cleric in the lebanese town of arsal .
championship side wolves have completed the takeover of championship side wolverhampton wanderers by chinese businessman fosun group .
aston villa midfielder jack grealish has joined the republic of ireland on loan until the end of the season .
a police investigation is under way after two boys were sexually abused at a care home in greater manchester .
a giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by uri geller at his home in shropshire .
england women 's coach natalie powell says the team 's ` ` ambition '' of reaching the women 's euro 2017 quarter - finals was a ` ` dream come true '' .
a woman has been raped in the grounds of henley royal regatta , police have said , after a woman was raped .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in itv have jumped after the company announced it had appointed a new boss .
pakistan 's supreme court has ordered the death sentence of a muslim woman who was convicted of blasphemy .
australia could become the first country to introduce a four - day working week , a leading labour leader has said .
rafa , the man accused of using fake documents to get a job at a restaurant in london , says he felt ` ` very bad '' .
two sisters have appeared in court accused of plotting a terror attack in the uk , accused of terrorism offences .
members of southern rail are to go on strike in a row over changes to the role of conductors .
the sun newspaper has apologised to former editor kelvin mackenzie over an article criticising everton footballer ross barkley .
it 's the biggest sporting event in england 's history , and we ' ve already been taking to wembley for the first time .
when brazilian explorer daniel dedel woke up in a tree in the amazon rainforest in the north - eastern city of sao paulo , he was born up in the sun .
three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state militants have been released without charge .
the price of waste in wales has fallen by # 350,000 in 2015 - 16 , according to figures released by bbc wales .
pep guardiola will face manchester city in the champions league quarter - finals , while arsenal have been drawn in the group stage .
a spanish restaurant owner has apologised after a group of diners were left in a restaurant in rural colombia .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for snow across northern scotland .
the public prosecution service -lrb- pps -rrb- has said it will not seek to refer two brothers jailed for breaching their sentences .
wigan warriors prop ben flower has been given a one - match suspension by the rugby football league for punching lance hohaia .
wikipedia has launched a new website in russia , which it says will provide ` ` better information '' about the country .
more than 100 women in northern ireland are being blackmailed into performing sex acts online , police have said .
celtic manager brendan rodgers described his side 's 36-game unbeaten run as ` ` one behind '' .
the european court of human rights has ordered lithuania to pay compensation to former president paksas , who was impeached .
japan 's constitutional court has approved a change in the law that allows women to change their names after marriage .
qualcomm , the world 's biggest chipmaker , has announced plans to cut costs by more than a quarter .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of illegally importing endangered species from the uk , police said .
a man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at an o2 arena in south london .
a woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year - old man in a hit - and - run in edinburgh .
the head of queen 's university in londonderry has said that it is ` ` in trouble '' with higher education .
a former bbc presenter says he has ` ` legs of its own '' to name a new ship called the condor liberation boat .
lukas jutkiewicz 's injury - time equaliser earned huddersfield a draw with birmingham city at huddersfield .
the un 's human rights team has accused the venezuelan government of using ` ` deadly force '' against protesters during the recent wave of anti - government protests .
the nobel prize - winning economist and nobel prize winner john hart have been awarded to the swedish nobel economics committee .
the workers party has defended its decision to broadcast broadcast broadcast live television for the first time in two years .
a road sign believed to be linked to a postbox which appeared on a road in berkshire is linked to people 's mystery .
schoolchildren in england are missing out on outdoor learning , according to a report from the university of england .
researchers from the university of oxford are to carry out an international genetic testing project on alleged yetis .
thieves are threatening businesses and businesses in a west midlands industrial estate , the bbc has learned in a bid to improve security .
england women 's six nations winner emily cahill has been ruled out for the rest of the tournament with a hamstring injury .
juventus moved to within a point of second - placed atletico madrid with victory over pjaca in the champions league .
the number of new council houses built in scotland has risen for the first time since 2009 , according to new figures .
former south african rugby chief executive alan solomons says the competition is ` ` brutal '' for south african teams .
people in italy and italy are likely to drink more cups of coffee , according to a new study .
staff at a glasgow shop have apologised after a water leak caused a major roof to collapse .
somerset 's game against lancashire at old trafford was called off because of a waterlogged pitch .
a bus has exploded in east dunbartonshire after a fire broke out in the early hours of the morning .
a pilot who admitted causing the grounding of a voyager aircraft in afghanistan has been jailed for six months .
a 72-year - old woman has admitted biting a postman on a postman 's leg .
the head of the house of lords has changed his mind over the legal right to die in england and wales .
plans to demolish two of coventry 's most historic fire stations have been submitted to english heritage .
a woman who stole more than # 500,000 from her mother 's bank account has been remanded in custody .
jonathan nordtveit and jonathan o'neill both scored twice as northern ireland lost 3 - 0 to norway in a friendly in belfast .
plaid cymru 's leanne wood is one of the most successful candidates in the welsh assembly .
china 's inflation rate fell to an all - time high in june , according to official figures .
the design for the 2017 world para athletics championships in london has been unveiled with a commemorative commemorative commemorative coin .
the united nations has urged yemen 's warring factions to stop delivery of goods to the port of houthi rebels .
defending champion novak djokovic beat stan wawrinka to become the first man to win four grand slam titles .
the number of people infected with sexually transmitted infections -lrb- sti -rrb- has risen by almost a third in the last three years , figures show .
a court in northern france has acquitted a former nurse of murdering her two children and burying them in a garden .
a hospital trust has apologised for failing to properly investigate the death of an elderly woman at a greater manchester hospital .
jk rowling has announced that hermione is black and non - white as black .
passengers stuck on planes at london 's heathrow airport have been left ` ` feeling frustrated '' with severe weather conditions .
national league side boreham wood have signed left - winger chris wood on a one - year contract .
the british and irish lions ended a run of four straight defeats with a thrilling victory over australia in melbourne .
more than # 500,000 will be spent on renting houses in wales , the welsh government has announced .
` ` i ' ve been a millionaire , '' said the former chief executive of the house of lords peter morgan .
at least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in nigeria 's north - eastern city of uyo , officials say .
a man has been arrested in connection with an attempted robbery at a store in glenrothes , county antrim .
middlesex batsman joe simpson has signed a new three - year contract with the county .s chief executive .
the former chief constable of the irish police , stephen callinan , has been cleared of any wrongdoing by a former garda commissioner .
a group of prominent authors have protested against the french magazine charlie hebdo 's decision to boycott charlie hebdo .
manager grant mccann has criticised his side 's poor start to the league cup campaign after their 1 - 0 win over dundee united .
guinea international abdoulaye camara has left derby county to join french side guingamp .
solihull moors have signed full - back shaun edwards on a two - year deal following his release by oxford united .
british and irish lions coach warren gatland says he is ` ` disappointed '' that fly - half eddie henry 's squad were ` ` lost '' .
india , india and india were separated by the rest of the world after two separate countries became independent .
the scottish spca has appealed for information after a cat was shot in the leg by her owner .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march against xenophobia in south africa , organisers have said .
a man who murdered his ex - girlfriend at a hostel in caerphilly county had threatened to ` ` go under the radar '' , an inquest has heard .
a game played by ancient chinese people has been uncovered by archaeologists in southern china , according to archaeologists .
katarina johnson - thompson set a new personal best to win the long jump at the world athletics championships .
west indies beat australia by seven wickets to win the women 's world twenty20 for the first time .
a man who killed a cyclist in a ` ` shocking '' crash has been jailed for six months .
shares in volkswagen have fallen sharply after it was ordered to recall half a million vehicles in the us .
a 21-year - old woman has become the first person to be able to make a ` ` real snow '' product .
footage of a bottlenose dolphin attack on aberdeen harbour porpoise has been described as ` ` stunning '' by an expert .
germany 's economy contracted for the first time in three months in november , as exports fell to a record high .
a man accused of murdering a man in a denbighshire car park has told a court he wanted to be ` ` frightened '' .
newsweek 's final front cover of the daily beast has been unveiled by the new york times newspaper .
coventry city 's owners are celebrating the club 's ` ` golden era '' , according to their former manager .
universities are being ` ` foolish enough '' to advertise tuition fees , the bbc has learned .
migrating birds are being shot and killed by illegal hunting in malta , according to a leading wildlife expert .
the world 's longest - serving maestros have been restored to the public for the first time .
the annual rate of uk house prices rose by 8.5 % in 2015 , according to the halifax .
a 17th century painting of the coronation has been restored in county durham for the first time in more than 100 years .
nottingham panthers head coach corey neilson says the elite league play - offs are the ` ` hardest thing to win '' .
four people have been killed in a shooting at a police station in the us city of baton rouge .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police is to retire next year , the force has confirmed . . .
it 's one of the most successful managers in the english football league , but what is it like ?
` ` i ' ve been a week late , '' says the editor of the stabroek news website .
four men have appeared in court accused of conspiring to smuggle drugs into spain and spain .
plans to repair a grade ii - listed roman cross in a suspected hit - and - run crash have been unveiled .
comedian eddie izzard is to become the first person to complete 27 marathons in 27 days .
the man in charge of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group , mohamed , is a 20-year - old man from turkey .
the former president of brazil , luiz inacio lula da silva , has been charged with corruption .
us president barack obama has accused the us of ` ` shutting the curtain '' on libya 's military operation , following the intervention in libya .
heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of the east of england , with heavy rain and heavy rain .
a man in the us state of minnesota says he is ` ` little concerned '' about an attempted drugs plot .
a dog which was rescued from a nest in south wales has increased its weight , the rspca has said .
adults in england and wales have been affected by the effects of smoking , according to public health england .
the scottish economy has a ` ` lost decade '' over the last 10 years , according to the scottish government .
russia 's anti - corruption agency -lrb- ti -rrb- has proposed to make it secret for public officials ' assets .
a second scottish independence referendum will not be held in 2017 , the first minister has said , as the result of the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
taylor swift has won the grammys for her second year in a row with four prizes at the grammys .
league two side bolton wanderers have confirmed they are looking to appoint manager chris wilder as their new manager .
the saudi - led coalition battling houthi rebels in yemen says it has proved to be a success .
the bbc 's inquiry into climate change has concluded that the world 's media has been in decline .
the father of a boy with a rare blue cup has said he is ` ` relieved '' his family will be able to produce a new product .
iran 's supreme court has ordered eight women to cover their hair in public as part of an investigation into online modelling .
geraint thomas yng nghymru wedi cael eu dweud wrth iddydd yn nhw ' n nhwm mhencampwr yng nghaerdydd .
five people have been killed in a boat accident in the canadian city of tofino , an inquest has heard .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in north london .
former labour mp eric joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys at a shop in london .
kent have signed south african batsman sean dickson on a three - year contract after his contract was cancelled .
malawi 's first lady , joyce , has been elected as the country 's first female president .
pope francis has freed a spanish priest who was jailed for 18 months for leaking confidential documents , the vatican says .
the city of san francisco has sold off a street in an online auction for more than a year .
england hooker tom youngs says he is ` ` disappointed '' after recovering from a back injury .
northern ireland 's environment minister has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' by the decision to refuse fracking at a quarry in county fermanagh .
a man has pleaded not guilty to causing the death of a teenager who was hit by a car .
leigh centurions pair josh bailey and tom dodds have signed new contracts with the super league club .
police investigating the disappearance of missing toddler ben needham have closed off a ` ` large number of theories '' about what happened to him .
the sister of a 19-year - old cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in central london has appealed for information on her death .
a treatment for epilepsy is to be trialled in the uk in a trial of a cannabis treatment .
inspectors have found that a number of private muslim and christian schools in england fail to show respect for women .
an ` ` amazing '' father who went missing while competing at a triathlon event has been identified .
a tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop in lancashire , prompting a search for its owner .
russia 's top - trending hashtags are often associated with western pop culture in russia .
women in the uk have a mental health health crisis , but they are still waiting for their babies .
hull fc have signed hooker curtis naughton on a two - year deal from the super league club .
gillingham boss dean pennock has urged the club 's new players to be ` ` good '' .
polling stations have opened in nigeria 's most populous state , lagos , in what is believed to be a tight race between the two countries .
pakistani schoolgirl malala yousafzai has been talking about how her life has changed in the country .
heavy rain and heavy rain have caused flooding in parts of the uk , with tens of thousands of people left without power .
the snp has gained ayrshire council by - election following a by - election .
corey whitely 's first goal of the season helped dagenham and redbridge to victory over eastleigh .
oscar - nominated actress dame helen williams says she is ` ` quite overwhelmed '' by the emotion of her love affair .
nigeria 's ex - governor nigeria 's former prime minister muhammadu ibori has pleaded guilty to stealing millions of dollars from his country .
former premier league champion gary mckenzie will make his professional debut in his home city of york next month .
the conservatives have accused education secretary michael gove of ` ` selling money '' for free schools in england .
the uk border agency is failing to deal with a ` ` stream of work '' in dealing with the number of migrants who have not left the uk , a report has said .
cuba 's decision to pull out of the us embassy in havana was an extraordinary day for the first time .
disabled people in bristol have been told they must be able to access a railway station on the platform .
matt machan 's maiden century helped worcestershire to a healthy first - innings lead against sussex at hove .
edinburgh 's old town has been named as one of the world 's best - selling buildings .
the police service of northern ireland has lost an appeal against the psni 's handling of a murder case .
germany has opened its borders to cope with the influx of asylum seekers to germany , amid a row over the border .
plans to transform a former prison site in gloucester into flats have been submitted to the city 's council .
children as young as 11 are being urged to help tackle a series of grass fires in south wales .
plans have been submitted to convert a former military base into a distribution depot in shropshire , a council has said .
a ` ` massive '' sinkhole opened in the early hours of friday , the british geological survey -lrb- bgs -rrb- has said .
northern ireland 's first abortion clinic , dawn purvis , is to step down from her position .
french president francois hollande has accused the european union of ` ` an austerity '' .
scientists have found a new way of implanting into the body of a rabbit in a lab in california .
the parents of kayden , who died in a fall in his home in manchester , are waiting for their children 's hospital .
scotland produced a stunning second - half display to beat georgia and reach the six nations quarter - finals .
voters in wales will go to the polls on thursday to decide who will decide whether to pay council tax .
the chief executive of barnet council has resigned after voters were turned away from polling stations in the local elections .
northampton town defender dean richards says he is a ` ` motivator '' for his side 's league two play - off hopes .
a 19-year - old abu dhabi woman who is believed to have been the world 's heaviest has been admitted to hospital .
a series of shark attacks on people in the red sea off egypt 's east coast are being investigated by experts .
police investigating the murder of a dissident republican in the republic of ireland have said they are looking for his killer .
the current council tax system in scotland is ` ` unfair '' , according to a new report .
the head of the welsh government 's plan to eradicate tb has said the disease has not been a success .
the drilling of shale gas in lancashire is to be restarted after a series of tests carried out in the us .
police investigating the murders of two british tourists in thailand have completed their work , the metropolitan police has said .
a met police force has been criticised for failing to properly investigate an allegation of rape by a man who killed his two children .
shares in a grade ii - listed hastings pier are set to rise by more than a year after it was restored .
aldershot town have signed midfielder luke mcginty from national league side aldershot town .
the number of people satisfied with the nhs in england has fallen for the first time in 30 years , according to a survey .
firefighters have tackled a large fire at a house in bury st edmunds in the early hours of the morning .
swansea city winger danny dyer will miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury , the club have confirmed .
burundi 's longest - running state , the east africa 's longest - reigned country , has suffered a long - running civil war .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against historical child abuse at a care home in halifax .
plans to cut consultant - led maternity services at a north wales hospital have been described as ` ` a real concern '' .
the european commission has said it will make it a ` ` special tax authority '' in the wake of the us tax avoidance scandal .
eilish mccolgan 's return to competitive action has been a ` ` robot '' .
the sister of a girl who was beaten to death in manchester 45 years ago has appealed for information on her death .
a major survey of scottish firms has suggested the impact of brexit will have on their business .
mental health patients in wales will be left behind within six weeks of being treated for depression , the welsh government has announced .
five swans have been killed in a road accident in enniskillen , county fermanagh .
the prince of wales has attended the first royal military parade to mark the end of the royal order .
wales hooker ken owens says he is a ` ` super sub '' who has been ` ` frustrated '' by the british and irish lions ' response to his call - up .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side must win the europa league group a game against ajax .
a second - half brace from luke rowe helped doncaster come from behind to beat colchester in league two .
russia 's first banya , the first of its kind in the uk to be opened in london , could be the inspiration for the russian - speaking community .
sale sharks moved to within a point of the premiership play - off places with victory over sale sharks .
women 's super league one side arsenal ladies have signed arsenal ladies midfielder angharad jones on a two - year contract .
scientists say they have found a gene that gives humans a greater understanding of the brain 's ability .
former conservative chancellor lord waddington , who has died at the age of 84 , has died aged 84 .
young people who leave care in england are being ` ` let down '' by councils , mps have warned .
torquay united have signed gibraltar international ryan torquay united for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
a five - year - old girl was bitten by a dog while attending a parade in west yorkshire .
britain 's kell brook says he will be the ` ` best pound - for - pound '' boxer in the world .
noble , the world 's biggest commodity trader , has said it expects to raise the risk of falling crude prices .
shrewsbury town moved to within a point of the play - offs with a comfortable victory at struggling blackpool .
voters in france are going to the polls in the first round of the presidential election , with the two leading contenders .
the great north run will take place in 2016 , with organisers hoping to become the world 's fastest running event .
fast food giant mcdonald 's has announced it will ration french crisps because of a food shortage .
belgium 's noppert will face belgium 's david waites in the semi - finals of the bdo world darts championship .
a forensic hospital in bracknell forest is to become the first in the uk to open an independent panel .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in the us closed lower on wednesday after the latest federal reserve ruling by greece that the country 's bailout deal can continue .
the northern ireland assembly has rejected a proposal to introduce a ` ` massive '' reduction in car parking fines .
the rate of poverty in the us has fallen to its lowest level since 1993 , according to the federal reserve .
brighton & hove albion have signed midfielder steve sidwell from stoke city on a two - year deal .
a pair of queen victoria 's silk bloomers are being auctioned in wiltshire for the first time .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in pembrokeshire have found a woman and her child in a search for her missing mother .
carlisle united have signed midfielder mike jones on a two - year deal following his release by oldham athletic .
england suffered a humiliating defeat by australia in the second test of the women 's ashes in melbourne .
england number eight stuart hall says saturday 's world cup quarter - final defeat by australia will take ` ` good things '' .
the number of skiers in scotland has risen for the first time in four years , according to the latest industry figures .
an exhibition celebrating the achievements of some of the world 's most famous people has opened in hull .
chinese officials say they have admitted that the trade in tigers from caged animals is happening on a commercial scale .
organisers of the women 's tour of belgium have removed a giant ` ` purporting '' poster showing a girl 's waist .
former world champion mark kubica says he is still ` ` lucky '' to drive in formula 1 .
the number of people arrested on immigration offences in the us has risen by more than a third in a year , according to the latest report .
portsmouth boss michael eisner is in talks to become the new manager of the league two club .
leicester city striker jamie vardy is ` ` very close '' to scoring , according to manager claudio ranieri .
the operator of alton towers is to appear in court over a rollercoaster crash at alton towers .
aston villa captain remi garde is set to make his first full full full - time appearance since the end of the season .
people in batley and spen have paid tribute to labour mp jo cox , who was shot dead in her constituency .
dog faeces could be banned from all sports pitches in wrexham , according to the rspca .
the republic of ireland 's justice minister , mal leslie shatter , has been a source of controversy .
jonathan trott made his highest score of the season as warwickshire beat essex by eight wickets in the one - day cup .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in a drain in lincolnshire .
great britain 's luke robertson will compete in the world taekwondo federation 's -lrb- gb -rrb- performance programme .
a japanese woman accused of murdering her husband has said she will ` ` laugh it off '' if she was found guilty of poisoning her husband .
former scotland defender danny wilson says he is ` ` lucky '' that darren fletcher should be named scotland captain .
turkey has warned that ` ` credible threats '' have been made to tourist areas in the country .
la liga side celta vigo have signed valencia defender jorge paulo on loan until the end of the season .
liverpool is ` ` grappling '' with a council tax rise , according to a report .
england tightened their grip on the second test against bangladesh with a five - wicket win in chittagong .
two goals in three second - half minutes from time earned grimsby a hard - fought victory over mansfield .
league two side wigan athletic have signed oxford united defender scott dunkley on a one - year contract .
a man has died after falling from a cherry picker in lincoln , police have said in an investigation .
fifa president gianni infantino says he wants to expand the 48-team world cup to 48 .
a former world champion who admitted assaulting his girlfriend has had his jail sentence overturned by the court of appeal .
a police force 's training centre for people with suspected criminals has been criticised for using it as a training centre .
comedian bill bailey has apologised after his tour bus was stolen from a theatre in liverpool .
kilmarnock have signed goalkeeper craig samson on a two - year contract following his release by hamilton academical .
the chancellor has said the government is ` ` on hold '' with the ` ` failed fiscal framework '' for brexit .
guiseley have signed left - back paul hurst on a one - month loan deal from mansfield town .
black and minority ethnic -lrb- bme -rrb- officers in the police service in england and wales are being put under surveillance by officers , the bbc has learned .
campaigners are seeking legal action against the government 's plan to cull badgers in england .
salford red devils owner marwan koukash says he is ` ` very disappointed '' his future will be at the end of the season .
the leader of the republic of ireland 's main political parties has called on the deputy first minister , [ UNK ] frazer to cancel a rally in dublin .
the british and irish lions ' summer tour of new zealand has been an exciting week for ross moriarty .
jon stead scored twice as notts county came from behind to beat hartlepool united 2 - 1 .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in birmingham .
the family of a man who was killed by a police officer in alaska in juneau have said they are ` ` hallucinations '' .
former shadow home secretary david lammy has said he wants to stand as labour leader and deputy leader .
firefighters have been dealing with a large fire at a port talbot dockyard which gutted a large blaze .
united airlines has offered a million flight tickets to two people for the first time since the start of 2014 .
a convicted australian rapist has been found guilty of the manslaughter of an australian woman .
two dead whale deaths off the suffolk coast are linked to two separate incidents , scientists have said in the region .
rory mcilroy says he is ` ` totally fine '' to play in his first major of the season .
pollution from the uk 's third runway at heathrow airport could rise by the end of the year , according to a study .
children who play with touchscreens are more likely to sleep more quickly , a study has suggested .
british speedway club leicester lions have announced that they are looking to sign a new team for next season .
rescuers in the indonesian capital , dhaka , have started a day after the collapse of a building which collapsed last week .
mae ' r cynllun i adeiladu wedi cael eu cynllun yn cael eu dylai ' n yn yn yng nghaerdydd .
ivanka trump has become the first daughter of us president donald trump , the white house has announced .
roberto martinez has said he will ` ` treasure '' his time as everton manager until the end of the season .
the melting of totten 's ice stream could be at least 2.5 million years away , according to scientists .
how do you speak to your dog and you ' ve heard a different language you 're talking ?
a man has been seriously injured in a ` ` completely unprovoked '' attack in a pub in glasgow .
the uk 's unemployment rate fell to an all - time low in august , according to official figures .
a prison in kent has been ` ` too high '' for inmates , according to a report .
scotland 's largest health board has defended the cost of food and drink in a bid to cut costs .
a man has died and three people have been injured after a stage collapse at a concert in toronto .
hbo has announced it is to end a second season of vinyl , following the demise of sir mick jagger and sir mick scorsese .
jaguar land rover has announced that it is looking to build a new model of the car that will replace the vehicle 's next generation .
former nfl player johnny manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex - girlfriend .
sean dickson hit a career - best hundred as kent dominated day two against derbyshire at beckenham .
scottish labour leader jeremy corbyn has defended his party 's leader kezia dugdale after a televised debate .
the family of a scottish aid worker who was kidnapped in afghanistan say she was not being held hostage .
heineken has been told by regulators that it will not be affected by the takeover of rival heineken .
borussia monchengladbach have signed borussia monchengladbach midfielder borussia dortmund for an undisclosed fee .
youtube has accused the music industry of being ` ` swamped '' and ` ` hiding behind '' musicians .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition to save a derby swimming pool from closure .
saudi arabia 's richest man , prince alwaleed bin alwaleed , has invested in twitter , in a deal worth $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
a 79-year - old motorcyclist who died in a crash in lancashire has been named by police .
a cocktail of drugs to treat cystic fibrosis could help reduce the lives of patients , say us doctors .
the founder of one of china 's richest men , zhou chenghua , has disappeared from his company .
two men arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in woodland in essex have been released .
dundee manager sean o'dea has urged fellow scottish premiership side kane hemmings and kane hemmings to replace them .
former toronto mayor rob ford has died at the age of 46 , his family has said , following a crack - smoking scandal .
raith rovers and dundee united were held to a goalless draw by raith rovers in the championship .
a teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in the head .
police in the western indian state of gujarat say they have arrested seven men accused of killing a muslim man .
israel says it has seized a boat carrying aid to the gaza strip , hours after it tried to break a blockade .
a man who claimed he was sexually abused by a man by police has been ` ` shutdown '' .
the quality of antimalarial drugs in the world is at risk of malaria , according to us researchers .
the shortlist for this year 's diagram prize for fiction has been announced for the first time .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it will be ` ` very hostile '' to the british government over the crisis in northern ireland .
when china 's first ever solar - powered astronaut , the first person to live in a life - changing space capsule was designed to help his emotions .
the decline in print sales in scotland on sunday has led to a sharp fall in sales , according to official figures .
one of the world 's biggest distillers , the pernod ricard , has reported a sharp rise in sales .
the death of a pensioner who was killed in a crash in somerset is being investigated by police .
a collection of ` ` significant '' handwritten notes by dylan thomas has been bought by a swansea university .
the traditional haka , the traditional maori haka , is one of the most famous religious traditions of playing rugby .
it 's one of the most difficult things in the world , but what happens when things go wrong ?
mae dyn 31 oed wedi cael eu rhoi caerdyddi caerdyddo yn caerdyddol yn caerdydd yn caerdydd .
al - qaeda in the arabian peninsula -lrb- an al - qaeda -rrb- has shut its global embassies in yemen .
leeds united chief executive david haigh has resigned after the club 's takeover by massimo cellino .
chelsea moved to within a point of the premier league title with victory over manchester city at etihad stadium .
welsh discus thrower sam davies has set a new world record for the first time in his career .
west ham reached the europa league play - off round for the first time in their history as they beat juventus 3 - 2 .
a private school in birmingham has apologised after inspectors found it was ` ` inappropriate '' for female governors .
spotlight has been named best film of the year at the critics ' circle film awards in los angeles .
a ` ` cash bonanza '' has been seized in a ` ` greedy '' trafficking operation in the republic of ireland .
barclays has sacked its chief executive , adam jenkins , who has been in charge of the bank .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower on friday after it warned of lower - than - expected profits .
league one side charlton athletic have signed chelsea defender sam dasilva on a season - long loan deal .
a fox cub had to be rescued from a car after it got into a car in aberdeenshire .
the lord advocate has urged the public not to comment on the death of mauricio bayoh .
gambian president yahya jammeh has vowed to wipe out more than 82 % of the jobs he took in office .
inverness caledonian thistle came from behind to beat st johnstone and move up to fourth place in the premiership .
chelsea midfielder john obi mikel has been cleared of racially abusing his team - mate john obi obi mikel .
sherlock star benedict cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of stuart shakespeare 's hamlet .
former taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- albert reynolds has died at the age of 84 .
paris st - germain have completed the signing of brazil forward jose marquinhos from roma for an undisclosed fee .
italy 's lower house of parliament has approved a new law which gives people the right to vote in elections .
a 16-year - old boy had to be rescued after falling into a cave in west yorkshire .
three british trekkers who were killed in the nepal earthquake have arrived back in the uk and ireland .
the remains of a newborn baby have been found in a bag at a nature reserve in west yorkshire .
brazilian president michel temer has condemned the rape of a teenage girl in the city of rio de janeiro .
woodpeckers caused ` ` significant '' damage to a church spire in surrey have been saved .
one of australia 's most famous opal producers has returned to south australia for the first time .
the brexit bill is set to be debated in the house of lords this week , but it 's already time for the commons to vote .
australia 's foreign ministry has suspended a senior officer who carried out a check - up at melbourne airport .
an australian triathlete who suffered life - threatening injuries when she was hit by a bushfire has returned to triathlon .
claudio ranieri 's sacking as leicester city manager ended in a humiliating defeat at the king power stadium .
arsenal moved up to third in the premier league with a comfortable victory over watford at the emirates stadium .
a light aircraft has crashed into a field in stoke - on - trent , killing a pilot .
the brownies and guides guides guides ' group has changed its pledge to ` ` serve my god '' .
two teenagers have been arrested after a large knives and a machete were stolen during a fight in east london .
sheffield united moved to within a point of the league one play - off places with victory over chesterfield .
a man with cancer who has been diagnosed with bowel cancer has become the first person to conquer everest .
ocado , the uk 's largest supermarket chain , has reported a pre - tax profit of # 13.5 m for 2014 .
an eight - year - old boy has died after falling into a wall at a restaurant in the us state of georgia .
west ham manager jose mourinho said his side 's failure to beat west ham was ` ` acceptable '' .
the man who died in the medieval town of holywell was a saint in wales when he was visiting the town .
campaigners are seeking a judicial review into the impact of a block on oxford 's historic flats .
queen of the south moved into the scottish league two play - off places with victory over cove rangers .
nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` very worried '' about the future of scottish independence .
we 're heading to glastonbury for the second time this year , and it 's the festival 's already in the uk .
four people have been rescued from a fire at a derelict hotel in newport , the fire service has said .
when plaid cymru leader leanne wood decided to return to work in the welsh assembly election , she had a lot of money .
a road in county durham is to be closed for at least a month after a partial closure of a bridge .
manchester city 's sergio aguero says the club 's fans want to see more from their fans .
shauna coxsey has become the first british woman to win the bouldering world championship in a decade .
a new technology centre is to be set up in aberdeen for the first time in the north sea .
a dyfed - powys police officer has been cleared of attempting to pervert the course of justice .
edinburgh airport has lost some of its computer services after a computer fault left passengers unable to board their flights .
the voice of kermit the muppets has been pulled from the show 's creator .
china 's biggest smartphone maker , lenovo , has unveiled its first version of its smart phones .
hundreds of private homeowners in york have been unable to apply for grants from the government 's emergency fund .
the chief constable of the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said there will be ` ` less cost '' if the uk leaves the eu .
school libraries in england have been given a ` ` feast or famine '' by teachers , according to a teachers ' union .
richie ramsay is looking to be the ` ` best i can '' after winning the open at royal troon .
voters in nottinghamshire have voted to leave the european union , according to the results of the region 's vote .
the leader of ukip , sarah waters , has said he will not be supporting any of the party 's candidates .
the us appeals court has ruled that the national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has effectively effectively effectively stopped its collection of data .
guinea 's government has reopened schools in the north - east of the country , following the ebola outbreak .
more than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for the government to re - open the chagos islands .
the uk is ` ` not playing the game '' with the ` ` insurgent '' in afghanistan , the head of the defence has said .
a man has died in a suspected hit - and - run crash in the west midlands , police said .
jockey cracksman is set to win the epsom derby for the first time in more than a year .
the use of penalty shootouts in the efl cup is to be trialised in the first round .
bournemouth have been fined # 35,000 for breaching the football association 's anti - doping rules .
the biggest winners of this year 's oscars have been honoured with the best picture award at the biggest awards .
glasgow warriors have signed fly - half dave rennie from south africa international dave rennie for an undisclosed fee .
katarina johnson - thompson won great britain 's second gold of the world indoor championships with victory in the 4x400 m relay .
an australian golfer says he was ` ` more of a fright '' when a crocodile was caught on a golf course .
a man has been fined for fly - tipping after he dumped ` ` tens of thousands of tonnes '' of fly - tipping .
the future of the uk 's fiscal framework for constitutional reforms will be very difficult for english people .
burton albion goalkeeper stephen bywater has signed a one - year contract extension with the league one club .
three emergency care units in north - east england have been temporarily temporarily closed overnight for a second time .
the uprising in syria has led to the fall of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- conflict in the country .
donald trump 's visit to the european union has been described as ` ` extremely disappointing '' .
northstone , the county fermanagh - based construction and construction firm , has reported a pre - tax loss for 2012 .
a mental health service in norfolk and suffolk has been ` ` inadequate '' , a report has found .
the national party -lrb- ncp -rrb- has apologised for the ` ` ridiculous '' blundering of the word ` ` human error '' caused by spelling problems .
five british men have been freed on bail after being arrested on suspicion of masterminding a fishing boat in india .
sale sharks prop nick easter has announced he will retire from rugby at the end of the season at the premiership club .
the us has accused china of ` ` provocative '' moves to end a long - running stand - off between the two countries .
a memorial event has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of the abergavennys disaster .
it 's a ` ` couple of years '' , but the bbc 's catherine jones has a new relationship with her ex - partner .
a 33-year - old man has been shot dead in a paramilitary - style attack in dublin .
a group of octopuses are likely to stand on a higher place when they leave their enclosure , a study has found .
household spending power in northern ireland has fallen to their lowest level since 2010 , according to a new report .
england lost to south africa in the second match of the women 's twenty20 series in cape town .
a boxer who failed to return to competitive action after being refused entry to team wales has said she would never return to the sport .
a dumfries and galloway food factory is to receive # 1.5 m in funding from a scottish firm .
` ` technology is not the answer to brexit , '' said the irish foreign minister .
bradford city moved into the league one play - off places with a hard - fought victory over bradford .
wayne rooney 's testimonial match against manchester united will be streamed live on social media .
ac milan moved to within a point of serie a leaders juventus with victory over 10-man ac milan .
aston villa boss tim sherwood says his side 's fa cup semi - final win over arsenal is a ` ` losing mentality '' .
a lebanese tv journalist and tv presenter have gone on trial in connection with the killing of former prime minister rafik hariri .
the owner of a lorry that plunged into a sinkhole has said he is ` ` sick as a parrot '' .
a public consultation on plans to downgrade maternity services at two north wales hospitals has been held in wrexham .
two trainee monks are to become the first in wales to take part in a modern - day buddhist order .
a kennel in devon is being investigated over allegations of dangerous dogs being kept in kennels .
a man has been fined after a car crashed into a house in west sussex killing at least 20 people .
a group of australian expedition members have arrived in antarctica for the first time since their vessel ran aground .
more than 100 people have been reacting to the death of a greater manchester manford , who has been inundated with social media .
a judge in the us has ordered apple to decrypt data on a woman 's iphone .
the makers of channel 4 's reality tv show benefits street have offered a new ` ` self - defence kit '' for residents .
eoin morgan hit an unbeaten century as england beat australia by 36 runs in the fourth one - day international .
cole stockton 's late equaliser earned tranmere a 1 - 0 win over dover at prenton park .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at nigeria 's presidential election .
a man from cardiff has spoken of his fear for his family to find a ` ` deadly '' tube web spiders .
a hospital has apologised after a patient was left without a bung in a ` ` never events '' .
england defender gary cahill says his side 's 1 - 1 draw with spain ` ` opened up '' in their 1 - 0 friendly defeat .
a borders knitwear firm has announced a surge in production of its new range of clothing for the first time .
a man has been charged with attempting to rob disabled pensioner alan barnes after he was attacked in his home .
former olivier award - winning actress michelle terry is to become the new artistic director of shakespeare 's globe .
red bull 's sebastian vettel took victory in the malaysian grand prix as team - mate and title rival mark webber collided with ferrari .
an autonomous robot has crashed into a block of flats in silicon valley , california , killing two people .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a french man whose body was found in a house .
ricky miller scored a hat - trick as dover came from behind to beat forest green rovers in the national league .
a man who was stabbed to death in a north london street was a ` ` happy guy '' , police have said .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has accused democratic rival hillary clinton of ` ` lock her up '' .
labour mp caroline wogan will be among the guests at this year 's royal albert festival in edinburgh .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 21-year - old man in dublin .
holders arsenal ladies will face manchester city in the women 's continental cup semi - finals on sunday .
paralympic archery champion danielle brown will have to switch to the recurve when she takes part in the 2016 rio games .
labour leader jeremy corbyn is to make a clear plan for a ` ` fully integrated railway '' in public ownership .
former prime minister lord ashcroft has been discharged from hospital in the united states after suffering a heart attack .
an experiment that will decide whether to invest in a drug - related company has been launched by researchers .
a 12-year - old boy with autism has been left without a ipad after it was stolen from his home .
the uk and jamaica have agreed a deal to help deal with the creation of a new prison system .
world number one rory mcilroy will take a share of the lead after the final round of the dubai desert classic .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has accused northern ireland 's political institutions of ` ` dragging the run of themselves '' .
new dundee manager grant mccann says he has been ` ` chasing the tails '' of his staff .
it 's one of the biggest events of the soap opera , lucy beale , and the curtain - raising season .
a senior canadian military officer has condemned a ` ` fraternal '' incident at a first nation ceremony in halifax on saturday .
an aerospace company based in county antrim has gone into liquidation with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
police investigating the murder of a former ira member in west belfast have said they are ` ` considering '' the movements of him .
tributes have been paid to elvis presley 's assistant dean esposito , who has died at the age of 67 .
more than half of scots have gone without food or using credit to buy , according to a new report .
serena williams says she does not deserve to be paid less because of the ` ` sex '' of her gender .
the san bernardino attack in san bernardino , california , the city of sin city , is a place of the city .
oscar - winning director roberto babenco has died at the oscars , his publisher has confirmed .
keith farmer moved into second place in the world superbike championship after winning sunday 's final race at knockhill .
south africa 's government has asked the government to intervene in the fight against the poaching of rhino horn .
the number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than 40 years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , the bbc 's anthony joshua looks at how small businesses are managed .
plans to build a new m4 relief road on the m4 in south wales have been rejected by an environmental regulator .
the use of tablet computers in schools in england is ` ` not going to go away '' , according to a study .
two cigarettes with a street value of # 10,000 have been found by police in dorset .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death at a house in doncaster .
steven gerrard 's decision to leave liverpool at the end of the season was the ` ` perfect example '' of his career .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced the creation of a new data relay system .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
denmark 's peter fischertakinou won gold in the dressage event at the rio olympics .
the army in sri lanka has resumed its mission to recover more than 170 bodies from a mudslide that has killed at least 140 people .
at least 21 people have been injured in a pick - up truck crash in new orleans , police say .
league two side accrington stanley have signed midfielder richard horrendous on a two - year contract .
spanish police have arrested a member of the pink panther gang in a raid on a jewellery shop in barcelona .
the cost of building the # 1bn thames tunnel is ` ` not certain '' , according to a leading water expert .
musicians from across the world have been reacting to the news that northern ireland 's politicians and musicians have died .
the head of yemen 's government has been handed over to the president of the country 's warring factions .
francois fillon , the centre - right leader of france 's centre - right presidential campaign , has won the centre - right presidential election .
bbc radio and radio listeners are to be sent to the bbc 's listeners for the first time .
north korea has accused the south korean government of ` ` reckless provocation '' after an attack on its presidential palace .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage boy was shot in the head .
a councillor has been suspended from the labour party after tweets suggesting adolf hitler was ` ` abhorrent and wrong '' .
millions of uk families who claim tax credits will lose out under new tax credit changes , say researchers .
scotland 's farmers and crofters have received their common agricultural subsidies , the finance minister has said .
former derbyshire batsman john wright has been appointed as the new head coach of the indian premier league club .
the number of firearms officers in england and wales is a ` ` dangerous place to be '' , the metropolitan police has said .
manchester united 's fa cup final victory over bournemouth on sunday will be remembered for the first time .
a 17-year - old boy has been charged after ecstasy tablets were found in a stream in county down .
there is ` ` no limit '' to funding for welsh universities , a leading figure has said .
the northern ireland - based fast food chain , boojum , has been sold to an investment firm .
england 's women 's euro 2017 qualifier against bosnia - herzegovina on tuesday has been called into the squad .
a county antrim man who raised money for a cancer charity has been sentenced to eight months in prison .
championship side sheffield wednesday have signed middlesbrough striker jordan rhodes from championship side middlesbrough for a fee believed to be about # 10 m .
he 's one of the world 's best - selling crisps , but he 's a recipe for success .
hospitals in northern ireland are struggling to cope with rising pressures on accident and emergency departments , a report says .
road closures at the balmoral show in londonderry will not be the same in 12 months , according to the man leading the event .
a woman who claimed she was raped and sexually assaulted by a stranger has been jailed for five years .
a survivor of the croydon terror attack has described the dramatic events of the belgian train that left passengers dead .
great britain 's david brewster and eve muirhead will play in the final of the european curling championships in braehead .
northern ireland 's first minister has urged the european commission to recognise the dangers of the thalidomide drug .
at least 28 migrants have died after their boat capsized off the libyan coast , the italian coastguard says .
leicester tigers have signed leicester tigers lock geoff parling and northampton saints prop geoff woodburn on two - year contracts .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after a firework was dropped from a shop in north belfast .
taxi booking apps will no longer be able to operate in singapore from next year , the government has announced .
it 's the worst day of the premier league season - and there 's a number of managers in the country .
keighley cougars rugby football league will review footage of a player being bitten by a dog at the weekend .
newcastle united owner mike ashley has won a high court battle over his contract with the club 's director .
an engineering company has been fined # 25,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a man in gloucester .
it 's a time of year for manchester united to win the premier league title , but it 's not too much to do it .
a number of homes in norfolk have been flooded after heavy rain and heavy rain caused flooding .s .
us president - elect donald trump has said that the us will not be ` ` an attack on one of europe '' .
two former traders have been charged in the us with conspiring to defraud the manipulation of the libor interest rate .
donald trump says he is ` ` absolutely innocent '' of assaulting a journalist in the us presidential race .
i ' m looking forward to the return of ivan lendl , the former coach of tennis player ivan lendl .
a primary school has been badly damaged in a fire that broke out in the roof of a sports hall .
george north and george henshaw have been ruled out of the british and irish lions tour of new zealand .
the final frontier space company is looking to launch a mission to the us , but it 's not yet in orbit .
aston villa have appointed former england boss tom fox as their new chief commercial officer on a three - year deal .
the mother of a seven - year - old girl who was missing in thailand says she is ` ` not in a good mental state '' .
a new # 2 m mri scanner has been installed at belfast 's children 's hospital in belfast .
abertay university has topped a list of the world 's top gaming programmes for a third consecutive year .
the family of two world war one servicemen who died during the battle of waterloo have said they were ` ` overwhelmed '' by their loss .
the latest us independence day film has taken $ 364 m -lrb- # 364 m -rrb- at the us box office .
great britain 's men reached the champions trophy quarter - finals with a 3 - 2 victory over australia in london .
a man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the atlantic to raise money for charity .
the bodies of two japanese climbers have been found on the matterhorn , according to the italian government .
a diver has been airlifted to hospital after falling into the sea off the west coast of argyll .
more than 100,000 families who have missed out on the national insurance credit they claim are entitled to , according to a consumer group .
charlton athletic head coach trevor luzon says he will be worried about his future after saturday 's defeat by preston north end .
a sea turtle found washed up on beaches in the north - west of england last month has died .
hbo , the company behind game of thrones , says it has had a ` ` significant '' amount of data stolen by hackers .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the family of a yorkshire cricketer who became the first player to win the yorkshire awards have been presented with a bravery award .
france 's first world war two veterans have been inducted into the national bard 's cathedral in paris .
a woman has admitted kidnapping a three - month - old baby who was reported missing from his home in shropshire .
the boss of the uk 's biggest card - sharing network , link , is to hold talks aimed at resolving the issue of cash machines .
the owners of a flood defence wall that collapsed last year have said they are not insurers .
australia cricket australia has paid tribute to former batsman phillip hughes , who died after being hit by a ball .
the channel bay tv in cumbria has gone into administration with the loss of more than # 1 m .
tv star tina jones is to host a special show in cardiff to mark the birth of her baby .
thousands of students in india 's bihar state have been accused of cheating , according to newspaper reports .
millions of iranians have taken to social media to express their anger over the corruption scandal that has rocked the country .
the us department of justice has announced that the use of mobile phones in the north - west of california may not be using technology .
one of africa 's best - selling musicians , lala njava , has performed on the bbc 's africa beats series .
` ` it was n't the best footballer in brazil , '' says rodrigo kelton , one of the country 's best footballers .
the future of eu migrants in london would be ` ` economic harmful '' , according to the city hall .
andriy yarmolenko scored twice as ukraine beat slovenia 2 - 0 to reach the 2018 world cup qualifying play - offs .
a truck bomb has exploded outside a busy market in the iraqi capital , baghdad , killing at least 19 people , officials say .
scientists say they have found a ` ` significant breakthrough '' in the fight against the spread of breast cancer .
phil taylor reached the semi - finals of the pdc world championship with victory over peter wright .
police officers in england and wales are being given new guidelines on how to deal with domestic abuse , the bbc has learned .
fast food chain chipotle mexican grill has confirmed it has been linked to an outbreak of e. coli .
a man who threatened to ` ` smash his head in the head '' and steal # 1,000 from five welsh victims has been given a suspended jail term .
tens of thousands of people have gathered in latvia 's capital riga to mark the 70th anniversary of world war two .
the us is to send special forces to iraq to help fight the islamic state group , us defence secretary ash carter has announced .
the us has agreed a deal to buy nigeria 's military aircraft to help fight militant islamists .
police investigating the murder of a 21-year - old man in south lanarkshire have renewed their appeal for information .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in greenock have renewed their appeal for information about her disappearance .
a nurse who injected her mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder .
an open bionics company has launched a ` ` bionic '' service in north america .
the uk 's inflation rate rose by 0.1 % in may , according to official figures .
fifa has recommended that the 2022 world cup in qatar should be moved to the end of december and december .
plans to build permanent glamping camps on the site of warwick castle have been rejected by councillors .
a man has been jailed for two - and - a - half years for selling cannabis worth thousands of pounds .
numbers of little terns are in ` ` real trouble '' , according to the rspb .
students at queen 's university in belfast have staged a sit - in protest against their investment policies .
a life - size bronze statue of cricket legend dickie bird is to be lifted up to 50 ft high .
singer - songwriter john collins says she is ` ` suffering '' from a ` ` terrible '' brain injury , after she was discharged from hospital .
three inmates who went missing from a south gloucestershire prison have been found , police have said in an appeal .
two teenage girls accused of planning to kill a classmate in the us state of wisconsin have appeared in court .
sheffield united have released nine players , including winger elliot baxter , who has been suspended for failing a drugs test .
ian ritchie says he will not hinder england 's dylan hartley 's ban from international rugby .
on the eve of donald trump 's presidential campaign , sarah palin , the most influential figure in the history of the white house , has been a source of intense scrutiny .
the uk 's nuclear safety watchdog has warned of ` ` significant commitment '' at a naval base .
the cost of church of england weddings and funerals is to rise by more than a third from january .
you might think it would be a conspiracy to make it easier for people to think it was a conspiracy .
a convicted fraudster who posed as a senior prison officer to trick people into handing himself into bail has been found guilty of fraud .
first minister carwyn jones has urged the uk government to ratify a deal on brexit .
junior doctors in england have been offered the chance to take industrial action in a dispute over their contracts .
league two side mk dons have signed former mk dons striker joe barnett on a two - year deal .
it 's one of walt disney 's most famous characters , the company 's parent company says it 's ` ` artificial intelligence '' .
charlotte dujardin and william brash will compete in the london international horse showjumping event on wednesday .
the number of households switching to standard variable tariffs in the uk has reached a record high , according to the regulator .
the cambridge and duchess of cambridge have arrived in bhutan for the first time in more than a century .
labour voters are ` ` fundamentally disagreeing '' on the issue of immigration , labour mp simon mann has said .
a 13-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in dundee .
more than # 18 m has been spent on cultural activities in hull , according to the city 's organisers .
former england striker abby wambach has appeared in court in portland , oregon , accused of drug offences .
welsh lib dem leader kirsty williams has defended her party 's plans to scrap tuition fees .
the partner of a man who died in the collapse of didcot power station has said she feels ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
london 's transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- is to be frozen by 2020 , mayor sadiq khan has announced .
portugal reached the quarter - finals of the confederations cup with a 1 - 0 victory over australia .
police are continuing to investigate the deaths of a couple in ballycastle , county antrim , last week .
spanish student salvador [ UNK ] , who was killed in the london bridge terror attack , has died in spain .
chinese authorities are investigating a knife - wielding attack at a railway station in kunming , state media report .
donald trump 's campaign to become the next president of the united states is a ` ` disaster '' .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of world war two in norway .
the driver of a speedboat which crashed in the solent was ` ` unlikely '' to have survived , a report has said .
a steam train company has been banned from operating on the uk 's mainline network after an incident in lancashire .
michael schumacher set the pace in final practice at the belgian grand prix to become the world 's most decorated driver .
chemical weapons inspectors in syria are due to complete their work in november , the un 's chemical weapons watchdog has said .
oscar - winning artist and activist angelina jolie pitt has died at the age of 97 , her family has said .
homeless people in northampton are ` ` living on the streets '' , according to a report by the city council .
birmingham city women 's super league one play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they drew with sunderland .
a pilot scheme to bring ` ` boris bikes '' to london has been launched by the city council .
organic farmers in the south of france are more likely to be able to keep their habitats , according to a new study .
residents in a powys town have secured a deal to demolish a building which was threatened with closure .
former england bowler waqar says the international cricket council is ` ` not investigating '' reports that a match between pakistan and pakistan was abandoned .
theresa may 's announcement on brexit will be a ` ` significant blow '' for the uk 's relations with the eu .
thousands of people have taken part in the pyramid stage at glastonbury 's park after heavy rain .
port vale 's league two play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they lost 1 - 0 to west brom .
london needs a ` ` credible plan '' to improve the number of people playing rugby league , the head of sport england has said .
the russian investigation into the downing of a russian jet in turkey last month has found the missing flight data .
the uk 's economic recovery is ` ` turning a corner '' , chancellor george osborne has said .
former eastenders star ross kemp is to return to albert square for the last time , the bbc has confirmed .
five - time world champion ronnie o'sullivan reached the second round of the world championship in llandudno with a 4 - 3 victory over qualifier mark holt .
work to repair a stretch of road in inverness which was closed for more than a year has been completed .
league one side oldham athletic have sacked winger cristian montano following an investigation into his conduct .
margaret thatcher , the former prime minister of the world , has died at the age of 87 , her family has announced .
more than a third of workers in the uk will need to accept their state pension , the government has said .
the royal welsh harps will mark the end of the year at cardiff 's royal albert hall .
a postman has apologised after he found a postie 's box in his bathroom of his home .
a nurse in sweden 's largest nursing home has spent the last 18 months in a trial that could cost thousands of pounds .
the owner of a cafe where missing schoolgirl april jones disappeared has criticised people who have been ` ` hypersensitive '' .
horses are more angry than their emotions , according to a study at the university of sussex in the uk .
david beckham has been photographed in a photo of a doctor who helped rescue a rollercoaster crash victims .
tom dumoulin won stage 17 of the giro d'italia as tom dumoulin retained his overall lead .
british number two heather watson and naomi broady have been knocked out of the katowice open in estonia .
the number of people in the borders has risen for the first time in five years , according to official figures .
the sister of kevin mckee and seamus wright have said they are ` ` bittersweet '' that their brother 's remains have been identified as the disappeared .
a 14-year - old girl who was arrested in greater manchester for sex offences has had her case dropped .
more than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling for a prison sentence given to a student who was jailed for sexual assault .
england midfielder alex milner has agreed a new three - year deal with sam allardyce , the club have confirmed .
scunthorpe united have signed scunthorpe united defender callum watson on loan until the end of the season .
comic - con organisers have named the name of the avengers superhero superhero superhero , avengers : infinity , creator jeb whedon has announced .
businesses in north carolina and the us are ` ` deeply divided '' about the safety of lgbt people , according to human rights campaigners .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side are still in danger of relegation from the premier league .
a diver has been photographed apparently using plastic bags at sea off the south uist coast of scotland .
leeds united owner massimo cellino has been ` ` very positive '' , according to chairman raynor .
teachers in wales will be able to speak welsh through the medium of medium , the welsh government has announced .
it 's one of the most disruptive holidays in the world , and it 's not a flight .
super league side huddersfield giants have confirmed the signing of prop joe burgess on a one - year deal .
a man has died after he was found seriously injured at his home in south - east london .
the body of a briton who died fighting alongside kurdish forces in syria has been flown back to the uk .
it 's one of the most recognisable sports in the world , but it 's not just how fast it is .
a welsh conservative mp has said he is ` ` strongly favour '' the introduction of english laws in england .
scientists in italy have built a robot that can hold and hold the body 's organ without traditional surgery .
the boss of belfast international airport has called on tourism ireland to be ` ` the gateway to the island '' .
the father of us intelligence leaker edward snowden has thanked his son for his ` ` outstanding '' treatment in russia .
staffing levels at a prison in devizes were ` ` completely unacceptable '' , the ministry of justice has said .
syrian government forces say they have regained control of the rebel - held city of aleppo , after a russian air strike .
heavy rain and heavy rain caused flooding in the uk last winter , according to a leading forecaster .
linfield will face san marino 's la fiorita in the first leg of their europa league second qualifying round tie .
the final boats set to sail for bristol for the first time in more than 30 years are set to close .
plans have been unveiled to transform a grade ii - listed historical anglesey town centre into a centre .
scientists have discovered the first ancestor of a mo local snail , known as calvapilosa .
the chancellor , jeremy corbyn , has announced that he will increase his tax rate to # 1.5 bn in 2020 .
the safety of high - rise flats in scotland is to be examined in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
shirley temple , the us actor who has died at the age of 83 , has died aged 87 .
south sudan 's militant group mandari has urged the country to ` ` leave revenge '' and forgive each other .
russia has cancelled plans to ride a russian biker group in poland , following criticism of russia 's decision to allow them to enter poland .
five - time champion ronnie o'sullivan beat john higgins in the first round of the scottish open .
mental health services in england are in ` ` desperate need of heavy investment '' , according to the mental health network .
scotland 's greenhouse gas emissions have fallen to its lowest level since 1990 , according to official figures .
morocco 's president has vowed to give up some of his powers after protests over his new constitution .
new orleans captain steve gennett says he is ` ` truly blessed '' after hitting four in the first match of the season .
a woman has been found guilty of making a pipe bomb in a flat in dumfries .
brentford have sacked manager mark warburton and three senior officials after the championship club announced they had ` ` no stone '' .
archaeologists in ceredigion have uncovered what is believed to be the most significant footprints in the uk .
brazilian president dilma rousseff has announced the olympic flame will be ` ` light up '' in august .
a group of fishermen have been rescued after their boat capsized off the south coast of oban .
thousands of people have taken part in a mass anti - gay rally in singapore 's capital , kuala lumpur .
a gang of ` ` rathkeale rovers '' have been convicted of masterminding the hatton gardens raid .
police are investigating after a young child was left unattended at a nursery in ceredigion .
the government 's trade standards are ` ` as strong as its weakest link '' , an industry expert has warned .
ghana 's first mission to fight the ebola outbreak has moved to the country 's headquarters in accra .
former queensland reds rugby league captain noel hunt has been charged with drug trafficking in the south east of australia .
egyptians have been reacting to the results of a referendum on constitutional changes that would allow the country to collapse .
the brother of a soldier killed in the bloody sunday parade in londonderry has criticised the event 's organisers .
a russian diplomat has been found dead in his home in the greek capital moscow , sparking a police investigation .
the health of five - year - olds in wales has improved since the 1970s and 1980s , according to a new survey .
a german team has broken the world record for the fastest formula 1 car in a race in switzerland .
liverpool city council has been urged to stop selling the newspaper 's ` ` s * n ' ' t the news '' .
at least 13 people have been killed in a gas explosion in northern nigeria , according to local media .
average speed cameras are to be introduced on the m74 in south lanarkshire , bbc scotland has learned .
dundee united have signed southampton striker harry lewis on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
two climbers have been missing after climbing mount blanc in the french alps , according to local media .
members of u2 have paid tribute to the band 's former manager dennis sheehan who died after falling off stage during a concert in los angeles .
china has accused the us of violating its sovereignty in the south china sea , saying it is ` ` seriously concerned '' .
three hospitals in the us are working in an ` ` internal state of emergency '' following a ransomware attack .
airline skyscanner has reported strong growth in bookings for 2015 , helped by a strong rise in bookings .
a group of experts from the public health committee -lrb- acmd -rrb- have called for a ban on so - called ` ` legal highs '' .
thailand 's government has filed a criminal case against former prime minister yingluck shinawatra over a rice subsidy scheme .
when the january transfer window closed in scotland , the scottish premiership 's top six had a significant impact on the teams .
a ferry which had to be grounded for more than two hours on thursday after a problem with an engine room .
nottingham forest 's jordon bendtner was taken to hospital with a hamstring injury as his side beat birmingham city .
the feud between taylor swift and her former girlfriend taylor swift last week has reignited a debate between the two countries .
lancashire won the county championship for the first time since 2009 with a hard - fought victory over cornwall at twickenham .
chelsea moved to within four points of the premier league leaders with victory over manchester united at stamford bridge .
a museum celebrating the arrival of the ` ` windsrush '' migrant boat has opened in nottingham .
google has updated its virtual reality check box system to stop people getting into a website using bots .
a british couple have won the men 's 4x100 m freestyle relay title after winning the world championships in lithuania .
a cashless payment system for school meals in wales is ` ` unacceptable '' , an am has said .
the number of people waiting for consultant appointments at the south east hospital in belfast is at its lowest level in five years .
northern ireland 's joel cassells and richard scrimgeour have qualified for the final of the world rowing championships in rotterdam .
an ex - police officer who was severely beaten to death by her killer has been cleared of gross misconduct .
spanish actor javier aguirre , best known for his role as ` ` giraffe '' , has died aged 84 .
south africa coach ephraim mashaba has accused the country of failing to score goals in their africa cup of nations campaign .
the son of former us secretary of state jeffrey fowle has pleaded not guilty to spying for north korea .
the mother of a nine - year - old boy with a life - changing brain tumour has said she is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the donation of an anonymous donor .
the iconic london bridge is to close for the first time in more than 30 years as part of maintenance work .
airline bookings are vulnerable to cyber - attacks , according to security researchers at a conference .
a county down priest who died in the early 1950s has been remembered as a saint by pope francis .
the first giant panda cub to be born at edinburgh zoo has been artificially inseminated for the first time .
the great city games and great manchester run will be held on sunday , the city council has confirmed .
msps at the scottish parliament have urged msps to increase the amount of coffee waste disposal at holyrood .
joe perry reached the quarter - finals of the world championship with a 6 - 3 victory over stuart bingham .
the leader of the taliban , mullah akhtar mansour , has been killed in a us drone strike , the pentagon says .
the mother of us teenager caylee anthony has said she feels ` ` pretty good '' after being convicted of her murder .
england 's all - rounder sarah taylor has been left out of international cricket by the england and wales cricket board .
a group of technologists have created a new installation on a bus in central london to highlight the challenges of the bus .
a campaign has been launched to save a grade ii - listed former municipal bath from being saved .
at least 18 people have been killed in a fire on a bus in eastern germany , officials say .
british cycling has apologised for ` ` cultural and behavioural shortcomings '' in its performance in the sport .
the trial of a man who murdered a woman in argyll will be broadcast live on social media , bbc scotland has learned .
german footballer thomas hitzlsperger has become the first player to publicly publicly publicly revealing his sexuality .
police in india have arrested a man accused of raping an elderly nun in the west bengal state .
the streets of chelmsford have been filled with the slogan ` ` jeremy corbyn '' .
a woman accused of defrauding her husband out of # 1 m has told a court she was ` ` a liar '' .
the uk 's fishing industry needs more access to uk waters , according to the house of lords .
this year 's g8 summit in belfast came to an end with a year of intense uncertainty .
a businessman has been left ` ` open - mouthed '' after he was left open - mouthed by a car repairer .
the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been boosted by new analysis of underwater signals .
stoke city 's hopes of avoiding premier league relegation were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by chelsea .
wasps climbed to the top of the premiership with a bonus - point win over sale sharks at the aj bell stadium .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed oxford united 's scott kashket on loan until the end of the season .
many clouds , who won the cheltenham gold cup , died from a haemorrhage , has been found .
a light aircraft had to make an emergency landing at gatwick airport after being hit by lightning .
a gp surgery in dorset has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by health watchdog inspectors for failings .
` ` vagabond shoe '' - the ` ` vagabond shoes '' - ` ` it 's all the time '' .
msps are to be asked to examine how senior returning officers in scotland are paid for extra payments .
residents of a traveller site in essex say they are ` ` appalled '' by an unauthorised traveller development .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in glasgow 's west end on thursday .
former australian open champion colin fleming has urged tennis officials to ` ` preserve the integrity of the sport '' .
plans to buy land near a former sports college in skelmersdale have been approved by councillors .
the chancellor of the exchequer , george osborne , has told the bbc that he 's going to work in a bit of debt .
the owner of zara , the world 's biggest clothing chain , has reported a rise in sales in the first three months of the year .
a section of the m74 in dumfries and galloway has been closed after ` ` freak hail showers '' caused by a crash on sunday .
it 's the 30th anniversary of the publication of the first edition of the sports pages of the world cup .
former nigeria international oliseh has been sacked as manager of dutch side fortuna sittard .
super league champions leeds rhinos will face salford red devils in the quarter - finals of the challenge cup .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has urged the country to end its ` ` dependence on foreign aid '' .
the government is to introduce its exit checks on people leaving the uk , following the introduction of new passport checks .
millwall manager mark mccall has accused fans of being ` ` overzealous '' during the 1 - 0 defeat by bradford .
a football fan who raised more than # 50,000 for a hospice has completed a fundraising challenge .
josh diomande scored twice as hull city came from behind to beat exeter city in the fa cup second round .
french prime minister manuel valls has announced a package of state subsidies for young people who face unemployment and unemployment .
south africans would prefer to play in the pro12 , according to south africa lock tim van rooyen .
prime minister david cameron has told the bbc he is ` ` not aware '' of allegations of historical abuse against sir jimmy savile .
a teenager with a rare genetic condition who has a rare form of pain has launched a campaign to save her life .
usain bolt is through to the semi - finals of the men 's 400 m at the world championships .
manager mark mcghee has urged scotland fans to boo their supporters in sunday 's world cup qualifier .
ulster have appointed former ireland international jonathan gibbes as head coach until the end of the season .
east dunbartonshire council needs ` ` greater emphasis '' to improve services , a report has said .
a man accused of murdering his five - year - old son was ` ` really upset '' and ` ` upset '' , a court has heard .
leyton orient moved to within three points of the league two play - off places with victory at crawley .
senegal and senegal have pledged $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- to help tackle the migrant crisis .
livingston moved to within a point of second place in the scottish championship with victory over brechin city .
firefighters have rescued a woman who became trapped in a car tyre in a play park in flintshire .
police are investigating after a car was placed on top of a car on a busy motorway in dumfries .
the uk government and the international monetary fund -lrb- g20 -rrb- have said they will not accept the uk 's membership of the european union .
rory boyle 's goal earned derry a 2 - 1 win over wexford youths in the premier division .
a ` ` deliberate '' cyber attack on edinburgh council 's website has been dealt with , officials have said .
hull kr came from behind to beat hull kr and keep alive their hopes of reaching the challenge cup quarter - finals .
spanish police say they have foiled an attack on a van in barcelona that left at least 19 people dead .
one of the world 's largest shipyards , the upper clyde , has died at the age of 97 .
the leader of pakistan 's restive balochistan province has called for an end to pakistan 's military operation .
scientists say they have made a ` ` big , meanest dinosaur ever '' for the earth .
a sea salt business has agreed to buy rival sainbury for the first time in its history .
david smith was born with a club foot as a guest and four - time olympic champion when he was born in a coma .
two women have been rescued from the sea after a photo of them on social media was posted online .
two men who died in a fire at a norfolk factory died from their deaths , an inquest has heard .
a gang of men who stole signalling cable from railway stations in lincolnshire and lincolnshire have been jailed for two years .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says his side 's poor start to the season is ` ` difficult to take '' .
germany 's biggest carmaker , volkswagen , has said it will suspend production at two of its factories in germany .
australia 's attorney general has said she is ` ` very shocked and shocked '' after being offered a job with the government .
huddersfield giants have signed hooker george ormsby from super league rivals warrington wolves for an undisclosed fee .
a rare portrait of chairman mao has been put up for auction in hong kong by a hong kong collector .
an indian doctor accused of using fake passport and medical degrees to work in australia has fled the country .
a 19-year - old man has been charged with the murder of former bodyguard david hayden in east london .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the mother of a pensioner who was stabbed to death in a ` ` ferocious '' attack said her son had ` ` failed '' her .
egyptian officials say they have found ` ` several incidents '' in the upper half of the great pyramid .
league two side accrington stanley have signed striker andy pritchard and striker nathan jones from league two rivals portsmouth .
great britain 's justin gatlin won the 200 m at the world athletics championships in brussels .
sunderland striker adnan januzaj will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
a new study has concluded that earth 's ` ` volatile elements '' died from carbon emissions .
jack parkin 's late equaliser earned forest green a hard - fought victory over tranmere rovers .
women who have been awarded a prestigious nobel prize for their work in science have been given a posthumous award .
rents in some parts of london are ` ` unaffordable '' , according to shelter .
the former governor of the northern mexican state of tamaulipas , tomas yarrington , has been arrested on suspicion of corruption .
a young gull has been shot in the head by an airgun in the south of scotland .
russian president vladimir putin will meet german president angela merkel at a g20 summit in russia next week .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes says he is ` ` fully focused '' on his job as manager .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says striker jazz richards will be fit for the rest of the season .
saracens are capable of reaching the european champions cup final , according to director of rugby mark mccall .
the uk 's exit from the european union will be ` ` very difficult '' , according to boris johnson .
irish writer kj orr has won the bbc women 's short story award for her debut collection .
mk dons have signed defender paul quinn on a one - year deal following his release by ross county .
ikea has recalled a popular beach chair in the us and germany over concerns it may have suffered inflatable fingers .
young adults who have bowel cancer are more likely to develop a bowel cancer , according to a study in sweden .
hibernian head coach neil lennon believes there is a ` ` big exodus '' of players in the championship .
the lives of 11 british servicemen and women who died in a crash in the isle of man have been marked 100 years since .
work has begun on a # 1.5 m science centre development in newcastle which will create up to 1,000 jobs .
more than 100 homeowners in the channel islands have been surveyed in a survey of their properties .
police are warning people to be vigilant after two bogus cons were targeted by telephone fraudsters .
a large fire has broken out at a derelict mansion house in cheshire , causing extensive damage to the building .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers sudan 's struggle against censorship .
australia 's conservative leader , bob katter , has defended his controversial tv advert for shooting dead 49 people in florida .
the uk 's leading medical officer has called for urgent action to tackle sepsis , saying it is ` ` not appropriate '' to treat it early .
the world 's biggest sporting event will take place in russia this weekend , with thousands of athletes expected to take part in the winter olympics .
a ` ` mystery '' collection of a 500-year - old bible has been bought by a cambridge university library .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in a field in hampshire .
the cuban government says it will continue to impose sanctions on the us , despite president donald trump 's revised economic embargo .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to pole position at the singapore gp as the team - mate finished fourth .
it 's one of the most famous musicians in the world , but it 's a lot of people who have played music .
the number of army reservists in the uk is at its lowest level since 2010 , a senior officer has said .
four people have been injured in a three - vehicle crash in north yorkshire , police said .
the finance secretary has been accused of ` ` contempt of parliament '' over his plans for the scottish budget .
worcestershire have re - signed australia pace bowler mitchell santner for next summer 's t20 blast .
celtic manager gordon strachan has backed scott brown to become scotland 's first senior international player .
the us government is ` ` working on '' to close the clandestine detention centre at guantanamo bay , the pentagon 's chief has said .
the world 's first jet - powered aircraft has made its first test flight from an aircraft carrier .
parents who took their children to a us - style day camp will be offered refunds after the company was accused of child abuse .
the owners of a dog that was taken to hospital after being found to be a banned breed in northern ireland have said they are ` ` relieved '' that their hopes will never come .
a senior aide to the conservative mp for south thanet has appeared in court accused of rape and sexual assault .
a ` ` bold new target '' for broadband speeds has been set by the uk government , according to the institute of directors -lrb- iod -rrb- .
rescuers in new zealand are trying to save the lives of hundreds of whales stranded on beaches on thursday .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has suggested north and south korea could be part of a ` ` peace '' event .
the former head of the world bank ubs is being investigated by french authorities over allegations of illegal sales .
the uk 's first astronaut , major tim peake , has taken part in a live space talk .
an australian military aircraft has crashed off the east coast of australia , killing three us marines , the us military says .
livingston boosted their chances of avoiding relegation from the scottish league one play - offs with victory over livingston .
traffic lights are to be placed on a major road junction in plymouth following an increase in the number of crashes .
an investigation has been launched after a # 18,000 donation was stolen from a scottish football team .
super league side castleford tigers have signed samoa international prop brett ferren on a two - year deal .
an invasive species of bluebell has been found in woods in south - east england for the first time .
asda has fixed a ` ` low risk '' for customer information on its website , asda has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after two cows were found dead in conwy county .
the nominations for this year 's bafta theatre awards have been announced by the theatregoers ' association .
a rare pine marten has returned to mid wales for the first time in more than a century .
four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in a car in north london .
a law banning the use of contact lenses in england and wales has been passed by trading standards officers .
a man accused of murdering a woman who was bludgeoned to death with a hammer in a ` ` frenzied attack '' , a court has heard .
a new community centre in carmarthenshire is to be opened to the public for the first time .
zambian police have arrested six people in connection with the illegal mining of copper , chinese officials say .
oil giant tullow has reported a pre - tax loss of # 1.2 bn for the first time in three years .
an independent music shop in sunderland , which hosted the last gig in 2014 , is to reopen .
more money will be spent on flood defence schemes in wales in the next financial year , the welsh government has said .
the lib dem group has apologised after a social care website was taken over by a former business secretary .
wales coach robin mcbryde has been named head coach of the national team for the summer tour of new zealand .
unpaid internships should be banned in the uk , according to a cross - party group of mps .
keurig green mountain , one of the world 's biggest coffee - maker , has agreed to buy the us coffee - maker , keurig greentown .
the us secretary of state rex tillerson has urged gulf states to ` ` work together '' to resolve the crisis in qatar .
the scottish government has announced # 2 m of additional investment in general practice , including a new gp contract .
five - time world champion mark williams will compete in the first round of the world championship in sheffield .
police in the us state of north dakota say they have arrested more than 1,000 anti - government protesters .
chelsea boss antonio conte says he will appeal against the red card shown to john terry in sunday 's fa cup win over peterborough .
marta is an obsession with finding basic products in the venezuelan capital , caracas , and she 's looking for the poor .
northern ireland 's political parties have been reacting to the possibility of a vote to leave the european union .
a man has told a court he was ` ` fine '' after he was injured in a car crash in caerphilly county .
head teachers at a lincolnshire primary school are offering a ` ` duvet day '' for their teachers , the head teacher has said .
the last flying lancaster bomber in the uk has been forced to make an emergency landing at bournemouth air festival .
league two side colchester united have signed former watford goalkeeper andy gilmartin and goalkeeper dean brill .
the european commission has won its first general election since the end of 2010 , taking the largest share of the vote in europe .
hull kr prop albert kelly will remain at the club next season , according to head coach jamie peacock .
a gay rights group has asked the us supreme court to overturn a ban on same - sex marriage .
new hartlepool united head coach john hignett says he is ` ` walking into a positive situation '' following his departure from league two side hartlepool united .
a polish national newspaper editor has apologised for asking his cat to leave the country within 30 days .
world champion mick fanning has paid tribute to his brother , who died in a shark accident in sydney .
thousands of small businesses in the uk will pay business rates from next year , the chancellor has announced .
a 15-year - old girl has told a court she was ` ` well up for quite a while '' after meeting footballer adam johnson with him .
black and minority ethnic -lrb- gypsy -rrb- fans have been subjected to racism at football matches in wales .
the uk government is ` ` listening to the scots '' after brexit , the first minister has said .
there 's a lot of talk about the eu summit in brussels - but it 's now that the eu 's chief brexit neurosurgeon has been the focus of the debate .
jersey 's bid to join european football 's governing body uefa has been rejected by the football association .
a us lawmaker has criticised the shooting of donald trump in a video on the eve of the presidential election .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car in bristol .
rangers have signed midfielder graham dorrans from west brom for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
the ruins of an abandoned house in the northern colombian city of uraba are on the outskirts of the country .
kanye west has unveiled a new four five seconds single with paul mccartney , the beatles and paul mccartney .
the royal navy has carried out a major training exercise in the waters off the coast of east yorkshire .
former nigeria coach stephen keshi has signed a contract extension with the national football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- .
a pulitzer prize - winning author , novelist and writer stephen welsh has been shortlisted for this year 's saltire society award .
the united nations has named wonder woman , the first woman to be its next envoy to the world .
championship side newport gwent dragons have agreed a deal to buy the club from a private equity group .
goalkeeper viktor boruc has announced his retirement from international football after a long spell at afc bournemouth .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after an assault in a pub .
the leader of the orange order has called for a commission of inquiry into the issue of parades in northern ireland .
a review of the inquests into the deaths of some of northern ireland 's troubles has begun .
paraguay 's president , hugo barr , has announced he will run for a second term in office .
kilmarnock have signed former rangers midfielder lee mcculloch on a one - year contract .
the parents of a couple who were left ` ` completely penniless '' after their funerals went out of business are being investigated by police .
the uk will continue to bring net migration ` ` in the tens of thousands '' , the home secretary has said .
wigan warriors went top of the super league table with a hard - fought victory over leeds rhinos .
the bbc has selected a new local tv network for the bbc 's new network , which will launch next year .
a 13-year - old boy whose body was recovered from a river in west dunbartonshire has died .
new grammar schools in england will only support the poorest pupils in england , according to a new study .
two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a toddler who was stabbed to death .
northern ireland 's high court has ruled that a ban on same - sex marriage is not ` ` difficult '' .
two - time wimbledon champion petra kvitova beat romanian third seed simona halep to reach the wta finals .
the grammy awards are being held in the us for the first time in more than 50 years , according to organisers .
bury have signed midfielder jordan brown on a one - year deal following his release by league one side bury .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
in the aftermath of hurricane matthew , haiti 's second - largest nation has been battered by heavy rain .
watford have signed colombia defender antonio zuniga from napoli on a three - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
taiwan has banned all public officials from attending the country until further notice , amid a row over spying for china .
josh parker won the vacant wbo light - heavyweight title with a unanimous points decision over nazvan cojanu .
shane williams has signed a new contract with ospreys , which will keep him at the club until 2019 .
a boeing 787 dreamliner plane has made an emergency landing in kenya after being grounded for safety reasons .
britain 's chris froome has finished second in the criterium du dauphine race .
the winner of the 2016 british horseracing championship was mistakenly identified as the wrong horse , it has emerged .
south africa has released a new version of the country 's response to attacks on foreigners and foreigners .
up to 100 jobs are to go at a cheshire biscuit factory after the company lost its jobs .
the treasurer of spain 's ruling party -lrb- pp -rrb- , the country 's anti - corruption party , has arrived in the capital madrid .
chris wood and yohan doukara both scored as leeds united came from behind to beat burton .
technology giant open ai has pledged $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- to expand research into artificial intelligence .
more than half of staff at a prison in wiltshire are at risk of a ` ` riot '' , a report has said .
organisers of the world gravy wrestling championships have defended their decision to change the recipe for ` ` fun '' .
french writer michel houellebecq has won the goncourt prize for his best - selling novel .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as real madrid came from behind to beat japanese side kashima osaka 2 - 2 in the champions league final .
the prime minister has called for an end to the ` ` culture of sport '' in schools in england .
an investigation into the death of a 12-year - old boy in a crash in tesla 's car has found that the vehicle did not operate as ` ` design '' .
world number one mark selby beat ronnie o'brien 9 - 1 to reach the second round of the china open .
a peregrine red kite has been shot dead in bedfordshire , the rspb has said .
ten people have been charged with slavery and slavery offences following raids on travellers sites across england and wales .
us vice - president joe biden has called canadian prime minister justin trudeau ` ` very badly '' .
it 's one of the most vulnerable people in the world , but how do you stop using your profile ?
the outbreak of the ebola outbreak in west africa has reached its highest level since the outbreak began in 2009 .
online retailer amazon has been accused of being a ` ` tax haven '' for its uk business .
a former captain of a container ship in belfast has been fined for having excess alcohol while on duty .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend told his ex - girlfriend he was ` ` depressed '' , a court has heard .
an eight - year - old girl and her mother have been charged with stealing the keys of their mother 's car .
sir mick jagger has spoken of his ` ` wonderful life '' after the death of his wife l'wren scott .
bournemouth captain tommy elphick has been ruled out for up to 10 weeks with a knee injury .
guiseley 's unbeaten start to the national league season continued with a 1 - 1 draw at gateshead .
net neutrality has been ` ` sceptical '' in recent days , according to a study .
the first full bloom of a ` ` corpse flower '' at the royal botanic garden of glasgow is expected to begin on friday .
the government has given the go - ahead to a new nuclear power station in the uk , despite criticism of the project .
the national bird for britain is ` ` not a british bird '' , according to a conservationist .
jack marriott scored a hat - trick as peterborough came from behind to beat bristol rovers 4 - 1 .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani considers why kenya 's islamist militants killed 22 people .
spanish police say they have arrested more than 50 people suspected of using a fake trade ring in spain .
glentoran boss gary haveron says his side must show ` ` confidence and pride '' when they face linfield on saturday .
jordan spieth 's eldest son , who won the masters for the first time , will have to wait until the end of the final round .
lance armstrong 's reputation as a ` ` disgrace '' and ` ` disgraceful '' , says former team - mate ian walsh .
the us state of california has declared a series of wildfires that have forced hundreds of people to leave their homes .
the uk 's biggest retailer , next , has won a high court battle over corporate tax avoidance .
the twelfth of july parade in rossnowlagh , county donegal , has taken place in rossnowlagh .
torquay united 's hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they came from behind to beat macclesfield town .
work to repair a flood - damaged bridge damaged by flooding will start in july , the council has said .
a seal has been rescued from the sea off aberdeenshire after getting caught by the scottish spca .
two mental health wards in cardiff have been closed following an outbreak of flu , the health board has said .
how do you stop the boss of one of the world 's most powerful companies in the workplace ?
a man has been arrested in connection with a series of ` ` suspicious '' fires in wiltshire .
some of the world 's most famous actors are taking on the streets of london to mark the centenary of the birth of their son .
argentina have sacked coach carlos bauza after the national team failed to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
birmingham city have agreed a deal to sign birmingham city midfielder lewis caddis on loan until the end of the season .
apple 's request to help unlock an iphone used by a gunman has been criticised by the prince of wales .
the government 's plan to bring in clean air zones has been rejected by a high court judge .
the operator of the isle of wight has announced plans to create a new cross - solent bus service .
nasa 's curiosity rover has captured the first images of the red planet mars for the first time .
europe 's ryder cup captain peter lawrie says he is ` ` back to his best '' after winning the us ryder cup .
a pub in county londonderry has been closed for three months after a drink - driver died at the weekend .
the rspb has delayed plans to open two new sites in hampshire after flooding caused extensive flooding .
the organisers of a motoring festival in coventry say they will not be able to revive the event .
a christmas song by singing the song ` ` fatbergs '' is the biggest no - no of all england 's sewers .
derbyshire all - rounder cameron wells has signed a new three - year contract with the club . .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
defending champion judd trump will face england in the final of the world championship at alexandra palace on thursday .
brexit negotiations are ` ` game over '' , welsh secretary alun cairns has said .
the recent spate of shootings in the us has rocked the country 's history of policing .
japanese carmaker toyota has forecast a net profit of 2.1 trillion yen -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3.3 bn -rrb- for 2016 - 17 , compared with the same period last year .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on friday , boosted by a strong dollar and a stronger yen .
plans to build more than 4,000 new garden villages in south - east london have been unveiled .
police are to investigate former members of the police service of northern ireland -lrb- mrf -rrb- over claims they carried out a series of killings during a bbc documentary .
saif al - arab , the son of muammar gaddafi , has been killed by a us air strike on his compound in libya .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
singapore 's environment council has told retailers that they will not participate in the clearance of forest fires .
a man who ` ` pushed '' a muslim boy to the ground by throwing him into the ground has been jailed for four years .
the bbc 's steve fox is looking at some of the great treasures of the world 's most famous explorers .
kids in the uk who think they should be punished for bullies have been talking about their actions .
the international paralympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- says it will take action against the goalball team at the 2016 rio paralympics .
a new website aimed at encouraging people to sign a petition online has been launched by the house of commons .
liverpool midfielder mamadou sakho 's suspension for failing a drugs test has been rejected by uefa .
children in the uk are not active enough to achieve the recommended levels of exercise , according to researchers .
how much you think you 're going online and you 're having an ` ` amazing life '' ?
bbc radio 1 presenter steve steve says he is ` ` pretty crazy '' that he and his wife ola jordan have been subjected to bullying claims .
manchester united captain bastian schweinsteiger will miss the rest of the season after being charged with violent conduct .
plans for a new # 80 m safari park have been given the go - ahead by developers .
the mother of a teenager who disappeared nine years ago has said she is ` ` hopeful '' a man who may be alive .
an advertising agency has been accused of ` ` appalling '' and ` ` discriminating against women 's equality '' .
more than 16 million rail passengers are paying too much for their journeys , according to a new study .
a chinese man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman in a mcdonald 's restaurant in shandong province .
two german tourists who vandalised a railway in singapore have been sentenced to three years in prison .
mansfield town have signed former sheffield wednesday striker richard oliver on a one - year contract after his release by accrington stanley .
scotland 's commercial property market remains ` ` resilient '' , according to a report .
the ministry of defence has defended its decision to close its barracks in brecon , saying it is ` ` abhorrent '' .
complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors at public toilets on skye have been raised by highland council .
the liberal democrats will ` ` create a shambles '' if they win the general election , nick clegg has said .
hibernian head coach neil lennon believes the club 's return to the scottish premiership is over .
the trade union unison has endorsed labour 's candidate jeremy corbyn as the party 's new leader .
students from across the world are taking part in the fight against climate change - and they ' ve worked on a bus .
the welsh government 's plans to cut tuition fee grants have been a major blow to the economy .
alan schalk 's injury - time equaliser earned ross county a draw with ross county .
two airlines have been seriously injured in a crash between two planes in the us state of michigan , officials say .
the bbc is to provide live coverage of the 2016 olympics and paralympics in rio 2016 , with live action from bbc sport .
` ` he 's one of the world 's best - known magicians . ''
the last of alex salmond , the former chief executive of scotland 's national party , has died aged 84 .
cambridge united will travel to league two side cambridge united in the third round of the fa cup for the first time .
great britain reached the euro 2016 quarter - finals with a 2 - 1 victory over the netherlands .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of the boston marathon bombings has retired to consider its verdict .
russia says it has carried out a series of air strikes in the syrian city of palmyra , the russian military says .
a ukip councillor who defected to a kent council has defected to the local authority 's local authority .
norwich city striker alex tettey says he was happy to score a goal in his side 's 2 - 1 win over southampton .
police in the us state of new south carolina are searching for a woman who died after she was shot in the head by a car .
a dog who was born without his bare teeth is to leave his home after being ` ` over - looked '' .
a food truck is to be set up in scotland to help tackle crime and crime .s--
star wars actor john boyega has been given back to a theatre in south london by actor john jonas .
the leader of a native american tribe in south dakota is planning to sell marijuana on the federal reserve .
sinn [ UNK ] 's martin mcguinness has said the northern ireland assembly 's decision to form the first official opposition was a ` ` huge mistake '' .
nick yarris , who was on death row for a second time in his life in prison , has spoken about his life .
plans to redevelop bristol city football club 's stadium have been given the go - ahead .
ukip leader nigel farage has withdrawn from the party 's general election campaign , the party has confirmed .
great britain 's men 's basketball team lost their hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket finals in netherlands .
glamorgan chief executive hugh morris says he is ` ` very proud '' of his side 's limited - overs t20 blast campaign .
world number two milos raonic beat roger federer in the final of the australian open to win the brisbane international .
labour leader jeremy corbyn is the first candidate for the party 's leadership , a poll has suggested .
two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in sheffield .
a troubled council has said it will need to make ` ` significant '' cuts to services by 2019 .
derry manager damian barton has said he is ` ` shocked '' that brendan rogers was injured in sunday 's mckenna cup final .
a man who was jailed for two years for secretly filming a video on the internet has had his conviction overturned .
bearded dragons have been left in a shop in wrexham for the first time in more than a year .
it 's one of the most famous wheelchair basketball teams in the world , and they ' ve ever seen .
a paraglider pilot who escaped unhurt when she was in collision with an aircraft was ` ` likely to die '' , a report said .
police are investigating two separate robberies in county antrim in which a man was threatened with a firearm .
campaigners are calling for urgent action to prevent traffic chaos on the a303 near stonehenge .
sdlp leader alasdair mcdonnell has said he will face a challenge to alasdair mcdonnell 's leadership .
a holyrood inquiry has begun into the closure of the gender gap between men and women in scotland .
widnes vikings came from behind to beat widnes vikings in the fifth round of the challenge cup .
the indian government has scrapped the country 's big bank notes in order to stop people voting in elections .
police are appealing for witnesses after a disabled man was attacked with a hammer in his home in aberdeen .
the conservatives and plaid cymru have said they are confident a deal to form a coalition is agreed .
the owners of a zoo in ceredigion have been fined # 1,000 after illegally using endangered animals .
midfielders jack matthews and tom dummett have been called up to wales ' euro 2016 squad .
it 's one of the most important ways in mental health and mental health - and how do you help people with mental health ?
an independent review into the death of a labour mp in hospital has concluded there was ` ` plenty worse than me '' .
the number of people drinking alcohol in wales is at its highest since records began , according to a report .
sir elton john says he is ` ` incredibly disappointed '' to have a ` ` ticking time bomb '' after having surgery on his bow .
england 's chris simpson won a first - round match at the abu dhabi open with a 4 - 4 victory over egypt 's riza akbar .
a light aircraft was forced to make an emergency landing at an airport due to problems with landing gear , a report has found .
manager philippe montanier says nottingham forest 's fa cup quarter - final against doncaster rovers will be difficult .
japan striker kazuori miura has signed a new three - year contract with stevenage , tying him to the club until 2020 .
south africa 's prime minister has said he will return to the country ` ` as soon as possible '' to get killed .
logistics firm menzies has said it is working towards a resolution on its performance at london gatwick airport .
uk universities are facing ` ` significant challenges '' after the uk voted to leave the european union .
sale sharks are in talks to sign some of their players , according to director of football steve diamond .
the deaths of two people who died in a fire in a tumble dryer were accidental , an inquest has heard .
chinese social media users are reacting to reports that a chinese teenager who was found hiding in dubai to be a beggar .
bubba watson is three shots behind leader bubba watson after the second round of the china open in beijing .
police have appealed for information after two lawnmowers were stolen from a property in lockerbie .
england 's tyrrell hatton carded a six - under - par 66 to take a share of the lead at the bmw pga championship .
liverpool boss jurgen klopp has urged his players to defend their title challenge by beating arsenal 's simon mignolet .
fertility services in scotland should be offered three times as fast as they are entitled to fertility treatment , a charity has said .
donald trump 's victory in the iowa caucus was a huge blow to his supporters ' hopes of winning the us presidency .
voters in greece are going to the polls on sunday to decide whether to stay in the european union .
uruguay is to become the first country in the world to legally sell cannabis in pharmacists .
teaching assistant staff in nottinghamshire will be balloted for industrial action in a row over pay , the authority has said .
the scottish government has denied reports that the government 's named person scheme was ` ` unlawful '' .
the world 's largest cruise ship , the biggest in the world , has opened its doors to the public .
this year 's bbc proms will take place at the bbc proms , which begins in september .
facebook has accused the social network of being ` ` swamped '' by users of racism and racism .
the brother of stephen copoc , who was killed in the hillsborough disaster , has paid tribute to his brother , stephen copoc .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in toshiba fell on wednesday after it warned of a record loss of more than a quarter .
the uk 's banking watchdog has called for the government to ` ` break up '' the ring - fence system .
four teenagers have been charged after a laser pen was shone into the cockpit of a light aircraft at edinburgh airport .
audi have pulled out of the race for the first time in 25 years after winning the le mans grand prix .
oscar - winning director jonathan demme , who has died at the age of 73 , is one of the most influential films in hollywood .
australia 's government has announced a $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- package to help farmers recover from severe drought .
thousands of people have been injured in clashes between police and protesters at a police station in londonderry .
police are appealing for witnesses after two men were seriously injured in a disturbance at a nightclub in antrim .
a spanish newspaper says it has found evidence that former prime minister mariano rajoy received illegal payments to party leader mariano rajoy .
a former afghan military detainee has appeared in court in the us , charged with attempted murder .
edin dzeko scored a hat - trick as roma beat bologna to keep alive their slim hopes of winning the champions league .
ukip has said it will no further action against the bbc over comments made by nigel farage about election candidates .
disabled passengers are being urged to wear blue badges to help them cope with the effects of skin cancer .
a painting of us president donald trump 's face has won an annual time magazine competition in iran .
translink has said it will return to service in january after a ` ` major improvement '' .
thailand 's crown prince maha vajiralongkorn has become the first person to take the throne .
it 's one of the world 's most famous wine - protecries , but it 's also known as mead .
the unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen to its highest since 2001 , according to official figures .
police searching for a missing woman have appealed for information after she was reported missing on the devon coast .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
police investigating a violent attack in glasgow have released cctv images of a man they want to trace .
the roll - out of smart meters in the uk has been delayed until the end of the year .
thousands of people have taken part in a flypast to mark the 25th anniversary of the uk 's only iconic aircraft .
northern ireland reached the women 's euro 2017 quarter - finals with a 3 - 1 victory over spain in belfast .
an oil and gas company has started work on a new # 40 m production facility in the angus valleys .
residents at a residential home in carmarthenshire have died of flu , health officials have said .
northern ireland 's first official flag has been flying in belfast to mark the introduction of same - sex marriage .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a pregnant woman who was attacked in east london .
the world 's biggest technology conference is taking place in las vegas , usa , germany and brazil .
chinese officials have reportedly detained two canadian nationals in beijing , according to a local media report in the city .
oscar pistorius has been convicted of murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp in south africa .
a hospital worker who was sacked for sending ` ` obscene '' messages about colleagues has been struck off .
processed meat , processed meat and processed processed meat are among the world 's most dangerous meat experts .
a trail of giant moths has been created in hull to mark the centenary of the death of england aviator and first woman .
the price of school uniforms for overweight children in the uk is rising , according to a new study .
a teenager who jumped from a plane and ran into the wing of an airport in san francisco has been arrested .
a flying scotsman steam locomotive has returned to york for the first time in more than a year .
us astronaut jeff bezos says he has found five of the lost f-1 supersonic planes that crashed in the pacific ocean .
comic writer steve dillon , who has died at the age of 82 , has been described as a ` ` comic book bloke '' .
the conservative party is in the midst of the general election , and it 's a lot of hard to predict .
a paedophile who was jailed for abusing children on facebook and whatsapp has been jailed .
scientists in japan have used 3d images of cancerous tissue to spread around the body , using mice .
a restaurant in the us state of california , usa , has opened its doors for the first time .
national league side southport have parted company with chairman dave shrouder after the club 's relegation from the national league .
a travel firm has announced it is shutting all of its zoos in the uk and will stop offering holidays .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a 15-year - old girl by dangerous driving in gwynedd .
sleep - starved students in the uk are more likely to sleep deprived than others , according to a study .
fidel castro , the former leader of the world 's richest people , has died at the age of 89 .
cornwall booked their place in the final of the county championship with victory over surrey at twickenham .
barcelona have announced that striker dani alves will leave the spanish club at the end of the season .
oil and gas exploration firm bp has discovered a well on the uk continental shelf in the north sea .
manager mark mcginn has urged falkirk 's players to return ` ` refreshed '' after their poor start to the season .
the conservatives have lost two of their seats in dorset 's main seats , while the liberal democrats lost their seats .
it 's one of the biggest and most ambitious projects in the world , the european investment bank has been given the go - ahead .
nottingham forest chairman paul collymore has pulled out of any involvement in the club 's takeover .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have released satellite images showing the destruction of a ancient monastery in northern iraq .
jake disley scored a late equaliser as forest green rovers came from behind to beat grimsby town .
rory burns hit a career - best 254 as surrey drew with hampshire in the one - day cup .
the us has denied reports that a us air strike group has failed to arrive in the western pacific .
manchester city defender vincent kompany will miss the rest of the season after suffering a groin injury .
one of the uk 's most famous public baths is to be switched off for a second time .
northern ireland striker callum paterson says he is ` ` only to blame '' after his side 's 2 - 0 world cup qualifier defeat by azerbaijan .
malaysia 's top prosecutor has accused switzerland of ` ` serious indications '' that the country 's largest state fund may have been misappropriety .
a painting of the late italian composer mozart has been commissioned by the national orchestra of england for the first time .
police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl in north lanarkshire 45 years ago have uncovered ` ` five pieces '' in the water and silt .
welsh cyclist owain doull has become the first welsh competitor to win a medal at the 2016 olympics .
the largest planet in our solar system has been discovered in the solar system , astronomers have confirmed , in the us .
more than 100 people have died in a stampede at a hindu festival in southern india , officials say .
un secretary general joseph de mistura has said he expects to hold informal talks on a political solution to the war in syria .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a barnsley football club 's longest - serving goalkeeper .
the number of empty shops in scotland has fallen sharply over the last three years , according to new research .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a man at a hotel in north belfast .
the lib dems have accused the conservatives of ` ` sticking in behind '' the government 's plans for brexit .
the republic of ireland 's two main political parties have failed to form a new government in an attempt to restore a minority government .
millions of butterfly species in the south east of england could be at risk of extinction , according to a new study .
north korea 's president , kim jong - un , has condemned the launch of a ballistic missile .
an australian man has been jailed for two years for breaching the country 's anti - terror laws .
mps are to debate whether donald trump should be banned from the uk , the commons petitions committee has said .
police in australia say they are looking for two crocodiles after a boy was killed by a crocodile .
self - inflicted deaths in prisons in england and wales are ` ` unacceptable '' , two charities say .
the number of patients missing hospital appointments in scotland has more than doubled in the last five years , figures have shown .
scotland goalkeeper gemma fay says she is ` ` heartbroken '' when she decided to retire from international football .
africa 's government has proposed new laws aimed at curbing the spread of online piracy . ''
a teacher has been banned from teaching for two years after being found guilty of breaching exam rules .
four men accused of murdering a police officer in londonderry 30 years ago have gone missing , the psni has said .
a team of scientists have begun a massive mission to drill through the indian ocean ocean ocean floor for the first time .
a renowned us artist has died at the age of 75 at his former college of inverness at the hague .
` ` i ' m a bit of a whirlwind , '' , and ` ` i ' ve never heard of it '' .
former prime minister lord heseltine has called for an industrial strategy to be set up in england .
wales coach warren gatland says he will be ` ` quite neutral '' for sunday 's world cup qualifier against australia .
prince william and prince william have joined prince william on a tour of london to mark the 20th anniversary of princess diana 's death .
sam wootton 's late equaliser earned scunthorpe a hard - fought victory over port vale .
the european union has blocked the names of 89 eu officials who have been banned from the russian authorities .
campaigners have criticised the decision to play richard iii in leicester cathedral as ` ` a deliberate embarrassment '' .
swansea city head coach paul clement believes gareth bale will be the best player in the premier league .
warwickshire have signed warwickshire pair josh poysden and alex mellor for an undisclosed - length contract .
the family of a teenage girl who died in a crash have paid tribute to her ` ` beautiful , talented , talented and intelligent '' daughter .
the number of assaults on prison staff in england and wales has risen for the first time in six years , official figures show .
sweden 's former foreign minister johan gustafsson has been freed from a militant islamist group in mali .
labour has accused the welsh government of ` ` salami transfusions '' in its election promises .
scientists have developed a new treatment to cut brain injuries after a head injury , a study has shown .
a teenager shot dead by police in ferguson on sunday has been identified as an 18-year - old unarmed black teenager .
the european union has accused russia of violating its border with georgia by placing new signposts on its border .
british number two heather watson has been forced to retire from the wta tour after losing in the second round .
a man has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving after he was hit by a car in falkirk .
dame barbara winstone is to star alongside dame barbara windsor in a new biopic of her life .
a brazilian air traffic control worker who was forced to cancel a plane that crashed in colombia says she was ` ` bullied and harassed '' .
the value of the uk 's food and drink exports has risen by more than a third in the first three months of 2016 .
two of ireland 's best - known players have won a world rugby goggle trial .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower as oil prices continued to fall .
a south african woman has appeared in court accused of attempting to murder an oscar - winning lawyer .
australian police have used tear gas to break up unrest at the christmas island detention centre in australia 's asylum seeker detention centre .
oscar - winning actor hugh grant is to star in a remake of the bbc spy drama sherlock .
kenneth zohore scored the only goal as cardiff city came from behind to beat burton in the championship .
a man has died after falling into the river edinburgh in the north of edinburgh , police have said .
a man has died and another has been seriously injured in a shooting in liverpool , police have said .
a man has pleaded guilty to the attempted murder of a pembrokeshire man who was stabbed in the neck .
a reward has been offered for information after a dog 's body was found dumped in a park in lancashire .
the people of dumfries and galloway are celebrating the 175th anniversary of one of the most remarkable journeys in the world .
england captain alastair cook says his side 's ` ` inexperience '' in their build - up to the second test against bangladesh was ` ` difficult '' .
an independent investigation into the sale of former council toilet blocks in sandwell has been launched by lawyers .
a former soldier has been jailed after firearms offences were found at his home in herefordshire , police said .
scottish councils have agreed to take in syrian refugees before christmas , according to the organisation cosla .
george osborne is to meet german finance ministers to discuss the uk 's eu renegotiations .
britain 's philippe rolland won stage three of the vuelta a espana to take the leader 's pink jersey .
it 's one of the best ways to spend christmas online - but it 's not the time to go .
an investigation is under way after a large fire at a building in caerphilly county was started deliberately .
the largest asteroid in the world has passed the earth for the first time , according to new data .
virgin media has cut the number of sites connected to the project lightning scheme in the first half of 2017 .
great britain 's chloe guy and chloe tutton took silver in the men 's 400 m freestyle at the rio olympics .
a new type of exercise that can dramatically reduce the risk of kids being hurt has been developed in the uk .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound fell against the dollar after the bank of england cut interest rates .
a former world champion who attacked his ex - girlfriend before breaking into her home has been jailed for 26 weeks .
a paedophile who preyed on a 14-year - old boy has been jailed for four years .
a police firearms response was ` ` wholly justified '' after five men were arrested during a raid on a carnoustie restaurant , a report has said .
six people have been charged in connection with an attack on a man at a berlin underground station on christmas day .
chris coleman says he would have been ` ` ecstatic '' after his father 's death .
the construction of a new nuclear power station at hinkley point in france has been delayed until 2019 .
people in australia have been asked to sew special types of baby kangaroos that have been damaged by bushfires .
oscar - winning actress lupita nyong ' o has confirmed he will play black panther in the forthcoming film black panther .
more than 2,000 teenagers have taken part in the first ever dartmoor national park endurance event .
nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio is to be investigated by the irish department of finance -lrb- nama -rrb- .
the new target for the opening of the forth road bridge has been changed , according to msps .
more than a third of 11-year - olds are checking their mobile phones before going to bed , a survey suggests .
estonia , a former soviet republic , is recovering from a period of authoritarian rule in world war ii .
a us man who shot and killed a lion in zimbabwe has spoken out against the killing of a lion .
kenya 's opposition leader , raila odinga , has announced he will go to court in the supreme court on monday .
a campaign to bring the death penalty to people in england and wales has been launched by a conservative mp .
laura muir has become the first scottish woman to win the 1500 m at the european indoor championships in glasgow .
the owner of the mobile phone network o2 has said he is ` ` hopeful '' a deal will be agreed by the european commission .
rock star phil collins has been forced to cancel two concerts in the uk after suffering a head injury .
fines for data breaches could rise by up to 20 % in 2016 , according to pwc .
the results of the european union referendum have been announced by the uk 's central banks , following the vote to leave the eu .
manager derek mcinnes is not daunted by aberdeen 's europa league campaign against maribor .
macclesfield moved into the national league play - off places with a 3 - 2 victory over chester .
a discount scheme for young people in wales will continue until april 2017 , the welsh government has announced .
in the wake of the death of us president barack obama in the aftermath of the 2008 watergate scandal , the events that have rocked washington and the united states were deeply overshadowed .
eastleigh have signed left - back joe cole from league two side eastleigh for an undisclosed fee .
the number of peacekeepers being investigated in the central african republic has risen by more than a third in 2015 , the un says .
manchester united are interested in signing wayne rooney from chelsea for a fee believed to be about # 1 m .
hundreds of people have taken part in a long - running dispute between durham and the city council .
a transgender woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting her at a prison is appealing against her sentence .
a large - scale cannabis factory in birmingham has been raided by police as part of an investigation into fraud .
raffaele sollecito , who was convicted of the manslaughter of student amanda kercher , has had his conviction overturned .
a us soldier has been awarded an award for his role in the fightback of the taliban in afghanistan .
guernsey 's department of infrastructure has launched a public consultation on potential development in the island of guernsey .
the number of nurses working in adult social care in england has fallen for the first time in 2016 .
one of the uk 's largest energy suppliers , co - operative energy , has paid out # 1.6 m in compensation to customers affected by problems .
a ` ` significant '' ancient stone weir found on the shore of southampton has been uncovered by archaeologists .
the government wants to offer better training to prevent suicides by jumping , according to the samaritans .
real madrid have apologised to the spanish football federation for breaching rules on transfer rules .
an 11-year - old boy who died after being attacked by his mother was ` ` unfair '' , an inquest has heard .
thousands of people have visited the italian city of turin for the first time to view the shroud .
the labour party in cornwall has announced it will not field candidates in next month 's general election .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after two separate separate stabbings in belfast city centre .
russia 's ambassador to moscow has admitted that he was ` ` misinterpreted '' about poland 's involvement in world war two .
it 's a year since the top of the pops came to an end , but it 's been a very difficult time for the pop industry .
new zealand 's prime minister john key has told the bbc that the international trade deal struck by the trans - pacific partnership -lrb- tpp -rrb- group will not be reached .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after two bodies were found at a house in sheffield .
police in mauritius have seized heroin and heroin with an estimated street value of $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1 m -rrb- .
the pay limit for people who have settled in the uk for five years is to be scrapped by the government .
residents of a seaside resort in southern italy have been evacuated from their homes after a huge fire broke out on wednesday .
the head of the anglican church in england has announced that the dates for the easter sunday will be fixed .
steven lawless has signed a new two - year contract with partick thistle , with the option of a further year .
team sky captain dave brailsford says team sky 's luke rowe is ` ` incredible '' after winning the tour de france .
stan kroenke , the founder of the online game game game motv , has launched a new tv app in canada .
doncaster climbed to the top of the league two table with victory over stevenage at the lamex stadium .
ireland hooker paul o'connell would be a ` ` massive honour '' , according to ulster hooker rory best .
a 19-year - old man has been charged with conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism , police have said .
gillingham chairman paul scally says the club 's plans to build a new stadium are ` ` good case study '' .
a ` ` never - changing world '' is needed to deal with cyber - bullying , the children 's commissioner has said .
cambridge united have signed midfielder robbie keane on loan from league two side cambridge united until the end of the season .
scunthorpe united manager graeme swann says the club 's poor run of form is a ` ` bad football '' .
the number of callouts to wales ' highest mountain has increased by more than a third in a year .
kenyans who died in the mau mau mau uprising in the early 1950s have been remembered by the british government .
the owner of one of the world 's best - selling records , johnny cash , has released a new album .
boris johnson has said the uk should consider leaving the european union to maintain access to the single market .
hearts have signed poland international goalkeeper grzelak on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
british astronaut tim peake has returned to earth for the first time since breaking into space in december .
great britain 's men 's wheelchair basketball team lost to slovakia in the final of the world cup in korea .
a british man who was arrested in the united arab emirates on suspicion of torture has been handed a prison sentence .
the prime minister has promised to bring fast broadband to every home and businesses in the uk by 2020 .
a 21-year - old man has been charged with making an explosive device at a london underground station .
melting acidity in the oceans is likely to be caused by human activity , according to a new report .
fairtrade is set to become one of the world 's best - selling chocolate producers .
energy supplier citizens advice is calling for a change in the law to make it easier for customers to pay their energy bills .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
model gigi hadid has been ` ` stripped of her body '' in an interview with yahoo after she was accused of being ` ` misleading '' .
liverpool have appointed former england under-19 head coach sean o'driscoll as their new head coach .
faissal el bakhtaoui 's brace helped dunfermline athletic to victory over ayr united .
the stars of spider - man , meryl streep and rosamund pike have been reacting to the death of meryl streep at the baftas .
the government has won the biggest victory in employment rights in the uk , the supreme court has ruled .
a 15-year - old boy has been arrested in connection with the arrest of a man in coleraine .
dan fearon 's career was over when he was forced to retire from athletics at the age of 31 .
an bbc journalist has accused the bbc of being ` ` impartial and independent '' after she was targeted by an mp .
a scotch whisky distillery in the scottish borders is to be revamped in a bid to boost production .
donald trump and ted cruz have traded insults in the final republican debate of the us presidential election campaign .
singer charlotte jenkins has spoken of her ` ` horrendous '' loss to her third child .
the republic of ireland 's longford shopping centre is home to the rest of the world , but it 's not just a few miles away .
health secretary shona robison is to chair an independent review of the procedure on breast implants .
a 12-year - old girl who had a heart transplant has returned to her school after a three - month wait .
helen ward scored twice as wales beat kazakhstan 4 - 0 to reach the euro 2016 quarter - finals .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- is in the midst of a mission to mars .
pakistan has accused the us of ` ` counter - productive '' after a us drone strike in north - west pakistan .
teachers in england are at ` ` breaking point '' because of a pay rise , say head teachers .
manager mark mcghee says gordon strachan is ` ` entitled '' to his future as scotland manager .
england boss roy hodgson says he will not pick striker andy carroll in the national squad for euro 2016 .
deaf students will no longer be able to pay for specialist equipment and medical equipment to help them meet their needs .
two accountants at the oscars have been banned from leaving their home after mistakenly naming the wrong envelopes .
a group of asylum seekers has gone on trial in germany accused of planning an attack on asylum seekers .
london underground is to close two of its busiest weekends , with the closure of more than 250 tube tickets .
northern ireland 's hotel industry has been urged to get a ` ` co - operative '' approach to the business industry .
the majority of people who can name their local councils are unable to name them , according to a new study .
the head of the inquiry into the grenfell tower fire has sent an open letter to the prime minister .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has urged the party to reconsider its pledge to take full control of public services .
chibok schoolgirls abducted by boko haram militants have been freed , nigeria 's foreign minister humza yousafzai has said .
a man who carried out the rape of a woman in glasgow 14 years ago has been named by police .
global temperatures will rise to 1.5 c -lrb- 1.5 c -rrb- , according to scientists .
the first of nottingham 's new tram network has opened to the public for the first time in four years .
labour has accused the government of being ` ` grossly unfair '' in its spending plans , in a row with the conservatives .
a victim of the rotherham child abuse scandal has told a court she was ` ` very grown up '' when she was taken out for a dinner .
england captain alastair cook made his first championship century of the season as essex 's rain - affected game against worcestershire at new road .
thousands of people have been evacuated from pakistan 's restive restive mashkel province after a devastating earthquake .
former fbi director james comey is to become the new director of the fbi , president barack obama has said .
the irish prime minister has failed in his bid to have an injunction preventing the media from reporting details of his business .
kenya 's yui cheruiyot failed to win gold in the women 's 10,000 m at the rio olympics .
david cameron and nick clegg have clashed over tax avoidance in a heated debate in the house of commons .
st peter 's in the macrory cup final came to an end with a 2 - 14 to 1 - 14 to 1 - 9 win over st mary 's in county antrim .
more than half of scotland 's wildfires have been affected by a series of serious grass fires .
a man who admitted downloading and downloading indecent images of children has been given a prison sentence .
a senior irish democratic unionist party -lrb- [ UNK ] -rrb- member has appeared in court over comments he made about his finances .
councils in england and wales are planning to raise council tax to pay for social care , a survey has found .
the number of bees in the uk is at risk of extinction , according to a leading wildlife charity .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of bernard mcginley in county antrim last year .
glentoran camanachd will face kilmallie in the camanachd cup quarter - finals after beating kilmallie 2 - 1 .
police investigating the disappearance of a airman have appealed for help to trace three teenagers who may have seen him .
nato says it has freed more than 40 prisoners from an afghan military base in kandahar province .
a ` ` voyeuristic '' taxi driver who took pictures of women in public spaces has been jailed for 18 months .
former first minister peter robinson has denied claims he had no personal financial interest in the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
peter swankie 's second - half strike earned cowdenbeath victory over arbroath .
a man has been cleared of raping and sexually assaulting a student who died after post - traumatic stress .
britain 's jessica ennis - hill finished fourth in the heptathlon in gotzis , austria .
hundreds of protesters have gathered in washington dc dc to protest against president donald trump 's tax returns .
the rate of caesarean sections in the uk is at its highest rate in europe , according to a new study .
the death toll from the death of doctor who creator ed sheeran has risen for the first time .
an inquest into the deaths of a teenager in the hillsborough disaster said he was ` ` 100 % confident '' of his statement .
the fire service has finished work on the shoreham air show in which 11 people died in a crash .
eight royal navy warships will be axed by the end of the year , defence secretary liam fox has confirmed .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest at liverpool city council 's decision to set an illegal budget .
league two side reading have signed former reading midfielder matej rakels on a season - long loan deal .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in carrickfergus , county antrim .
a world war two centenary fountain has opened in warwickshire to mark the centenary of the battle of the czech republic .
plans to build a new railway station in reading have been given the go - ahead by the borough council .
tyrrell hatton says he is ` ` really happy '' with winning his first european tour title after winning the scottish open .
two women have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in portland , dorset .
the pakistani university of lahore has launched a new degree course for the first time , in a bid to attract more students .
a campaign has been launched to restore a grade ii - listed mill which was destroyed in fire .
wigan warriors prop andy flower will miss the rest of the super league season after being found guilty of elbowing an opponent .
renault says it is ending its relationship with red bull , with the team 's current partner red bull .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has apologised for abusing and pushing a referee during sunday 's 1 - 1 draw with arsenal .
ayr united moved to within three points of scottish championship leaders dunfermline with victory over dunfermline .
africa 's agriculture minister muhammadu adesina has been awarded the world food prize for his ` ` ambitious vision '' .
a hotelier who fell through the balustrade at a guest house has been fined # 7,000 .
a former ireland rugby player has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife in a house in belfast .
police searching for missing teenager andrew mitchell have found a body in the search for him in the highlands .
she 's one of the world 's best - selling singers , but she has n't been talking about her new album .
nigerian author ngozi adichie has won the prestigious national critics book prize for her booker prize .
chelsea have won the premier league title for the first time in their history , beating leicester city 2 - 0 at emirates stadium .
food expert prue leith is to leave the bbc 's kitchen cabinet after more than a year .
plans to build a new mosque in the centre of a long - running dispute have moved a step closer .
former world number one rafael nadal has been accused of ` ` unjustifiable and unacceptable '' conduct by the spanish sports minister .
vigilante groups in kent have accused police of being ` ` undermined '' by failing to investigate paedophiles .
chile 's supreme court has upheld a jail sentence for a christian cult leader who was convicted of torturing and torture .
i ' m looking forward to the new england captaincy , but i ' m really excited about it .
at least 19 people have died after a bridge collapsed in the southern indian state of goa , police say .
preston north end 's slim hopes of reaching the championship play - offs were dented as they were held to a draw by barnsley .
england 's exams watchdog ofqual has been criticised for failing to meet ` ` standards '' in english gcses .
the public prosecution service -lrb- pps -rrb- has decided not to prosecute a man over the kingsmills massacre .
former olympic cycling champion houvenaghel has announced her retirement from competition at the glasgow 2014 commonwealth games .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobu looks at nigeria 's success at the olympics .
the new chief executive of the welsh government , rhondda cynon taff , is to be the new head of the civil service .
the trial of an irish teenager held in an egyptian prison for more than five years has been adjourned until next month .
fifa president sepp blatter is due to become the next president of world football 's governing body .
ghana reached the africa cup of nations semi - finals for the first time in their history by beating dr congo 2 - 1 on sunday .
the football association is one of the biggest challenges in england 's history - but it is also a source of controversy .
plans to redevelop a former entertainment complex in cornwall have been given the go - ahead .
qatar is ` ` running out fast '' and needs urgent action to tackle migrant workers ' rights , amnesty international says .
three people have appeared in court charged with murdering becky watts , whose body was found in a wooded area .
a caerphilly town council has said it will cut # 12 m for christmas lights this year .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has said the outlook for global economic forecasts has risen since october .
an 80-year - old man from edinburgh has found the grave of his great grandmother in highland .
calls have been made for a change in the law on hunting after the fatal shooting of a fox .
swedish fashion retailer h&m has announced plans to launch a new ` ` fast - track '' fashion brand .
it was the worst day of the battle of dunkirk in world war two , but the lives of more than 100,000 british servicemen and women were still alive .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and film writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers why africa 's artists are free to tell their own stories .
the met office has issued a warning for strong winds of up to 70 mph on thursday night .
gary neville 's 500th - minute equaliser earned 10-man valencia a dramatic victory over valencia .
a medical officer at the general post office in dublin has been sold for # 1,000 at auction .
charlton athletic produced a stunning second - half display to beat bolton and move into the play - off places .
a # 1 m fundraising campaign to save a 17th century masterpiece by the archbishop of st oswald has been completed .
elton john has apologised for trying to stop people getting into the front of a concert .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in gwynedd .
relatives of those who died in a police helicopter crash in glasgow have said they feel ` ` let down '' after the incident .
former world number one luke donald has been named as the new ambassador for the british masters at woburn .
a holyrood committee has backed the scottish parliament 's bill to remove discrimination from the law .
iraqi prime minister haider al - abadi has passed a plan aimed at overhauling the country 's power system .
great britain reached the women 's hockey world league quarter - finals with a 2 - 1 victory over argentina .
the crisis in greece and the eurozone has provoked fresh doubts about the country 's international relations .
paul stirling and middlesex 's paul stirling both made half - centuries on the opening day of the championship match at lord 's .
roma have been fined 50,000 euros -lrb- # 40,000 -rrb- for singing racist songs about black player mario balotelli .
the bbc 's m ilyas khan in bangladesh , the village of joba rani , who was killed by the destruction of her crops .
police in the us state of texas are investigating the death of a teenager who was shot dead by a police officer .
seven - time champion jockey ryan mcbride won the big day of racing 's festival at aintree .
hollywood actress angelina jolie has been named best film at the bosnia - herzegovina film festival .
the bbc 's mailbox has become a ` ` hub '' in the midlands , an mp has claimed .
the wickerman festival has announced that it will host a new stage at this year 's wickerman festival .
more than a third of uk workers say they have been ill than ever before , according to a survey .
six men have been charged with a series of offences against women and girls in rotherham , police said .
ukip is ` ` in with a very good chance '' of winning the assembly election , its leader has said .
the russian ambassador to the united nations has apologised to the jewish community after she tweeted that the us president 's election victory was a ` ` conspiracy '' .
the father of a teenager who died when he was hit by a car has called for tougher penalties for drivers who kill .
rafael nadal lost to german teenager alexander zverev in the second round of the australian open .
a 22-year - old woman who lost her life after an explosion at manchester arena has been discharged from hospital .
celtic came from behind to beat rangers and reach the scottish cup quarter - finals with a penalty shootout .
boxing is a ` ` unique '' world champion , and it 's all the way to become a professional .
a powerful earthquake has struck central nepal , killing at least 11 people and injuring more than 50 others .
kumar sangakkara 's maiden first - class century helped surrey to a strong start against nottinghamshire .
algerian international karim benzia is set to join algerian side al ahlia on a three - year deal .
former aston villa boss jim o'leary has lost his claim to fifa overturning his dismissal claim .
argentina 's education minister has proposed tougher penalties for violent abuse against teachers in an attempt to raise the image of teachers .
cornwall head coach graham dawe says the club will not take the trophy away from the twickenham stadium .
bristol city have signed jake and kodi skadi and kodi on loan from championship side guernsey .
tributes have been paid to labour mp jo cox after she was shot dead in the head in her home .
liam boyce scored a hat - trick as ross county beat inverness caledonian thistle to move up to second in the premiership .
two brothers who tortured two brothers in a ` ` prolonged and brutal '' attack have been given lifelong anonymity .
at least 19 people have been killed in a train accident in the eastern indian state of haryana , police say .
northern ireland has been battered by heavy rain and high winds and heavy rain in the republic of ireland .
shares in greek and other european countries have fallen sharply after talks aimed at unlocking a bailout deal .
former aston villa boss colin calderwood has joined championship side brighton & hove albion on a two - and - a - half - year contract .
an 81-year - old man has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing girls at a cardiff mosque .
chancellor george osborne 's budget is ` ` optimistic '' , according to the institute for fiscal studies .
the number of cancer - related cancers in the world has risen by more than a third , according to a new study .
durham university is planning to demolish a ` ` modernist '' building which could be demolished and demolished .
electric carmaker tesla has reported a loss of more than a third in the first three months of 2016 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a woman was found in a park in cardiff .
a council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family who lost their homes in a landslip .
a 37-year - old man has appeared in court charged with two separate gun attacks in northern ireland .
prince 's doctor sent his son to the minnesota home of the late musician , prince 's lawyer has said .
a gun and gun attack on a hotel in burkina faso 's capital , ouagadougou , has killed at least 30 people and injured more than 50 others .
a man has been shot dead in hull , the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- has said .
huawei is suing samsung over patent infringement claims that it used some of its phones without permission .
britain 's former head of staff , christopher sweeney , has been travelling to france to join the european union .
a 16-year - old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in north - west london .
theo walcott scored a stoppage - time equaliser as manchester united came from behind to draw with arsenal .
mk dons have signed stevie may from championship side preston north end on a four - year contract .
production at a chemical plant in merthyr tydfil is to be mothballed , the company has announced .
chelsea goalkeeper jenny lindahl has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
there 's a lot of young people in the republic of ireland -lrb- dab -rrb- .
hospital staff have been warned to stay away from a hospital 's accident and emergency unit -lrb- a&e -rrb- .
doctor who actor bob bradley is to star in a new bbc one drama about the creation of doctor who .
rescuers are searching for a kayaker who went missing after his kayak capsized on a river in surrey .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman at a shop in east renfrewshire .
` ` it 's a - levels '' , and what does it mean for parents ?
ricky burns produced a dominant performance to beat julius indongo and claim the vacant wbc welterweight title .
a 21-year - old man has been charged with the murder of a student who died in a fire .
a pastor and his partner have been found guilty of murdering a nine - year - old boy in the democratic republic of congo .
a russian jet has been shot down in syria by a turkish warplane , the russian military says .
there 's a ban on the use of lithium - ion batteries at heathrow airport in the uk .
ethan ebanks - landell scored the only goal of the game as sheffield united beat bury in league one .
the archbishop of canterbury has said the terror attacks in the uk were ` ` not the last words '' .
plans to build a mcdonald 's restaurant in bath have been rejected by the council 's planning inspector .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , the organisation set up by the world bank , is celebrating its 70th anniversary .
gareth southgate has ` ` a good chance '' of becoming england manager , according to manager arsene wenger .
a report into the death of a teenager who took her own life has been refused by pembrokeshire council .
stoke city have signed senegal international winger eric choupo - moting from bundesliga side fc copenhagen .
football 's world governing body fifa has voted to impose tougher punishments for any crimes against racism .
england 's euro 2017 campaign continued with a hard - fought victory over netherlands in tilburg .
bayern munich reached the champions league quarter - finals for the first time with a 2 - 1 victory over switzerland .
a judge has ordered businesses to make a cake with a pro - gay marriage slogan ` ` must decide what to do '' .
an 87-year - old woman was mugged with a bacon as she tried to stop a thief in greater manchester .
us actress carrie fisher is in a ` ` very tough '' condition in hospital after she was taken ill on a plane in los angeles .
nick clegg has accused the conservatives of ` ` compassionate conservatism '' after they announced plans to cut income tax .
two singaporean couples who staged a coffin - themed photo shoot in the capital , kuala lumpur .
a pipe bomb has been found in a residential area of county londonderry , police have said .
a prison where more than 1,000 inmates are at risk has ` ` significant safety concerns '' , inspectors have said .
a memorial to the victims of the sydney siege has been unveiled in australia 's capital , canberra .
a second case of bird flu has been found at a farm in lincolnshire , the department for environment -lrb- defra -rrb- has confirmed .
sri lanka 's prime minister has said the country 's mangrove forests are ` ` the start of a long - term effort '' .
google has released a first draft version of its android operating system , the latest version of the operating system .
a referee who died after being hit by a referee during a match in michigan has been charged with manslaughter .
two men have been given suspended jail terms for illegally dumping tonnes of tyre at a county antrim landfill site .
disabled people are living in ` ` constant anxiety '' about changes to welfare benefits , according to a new study .
watford striker isaac success has been ruled out of nigeria 's world cup qualifiers with a hamstring injury .
the government 's decision to ban the use of fireworks in people 's back gardens is ` ` rubbish '' , an mp has said .
scottish rugby has announced it will host the 2017 european champions cup finals of 2017 in the city of edinburgh .
one of scotland 's biggest banks , alliance trust savings , is to be sold to a private equity firm .
the paris attacks continue to be a major alert for the french capital , brussels , and the city 's security is continuing .
the son of one of the most powerful people in the philippines has been charged with the murder of civilians .
a search for two crew members who died in a helicopter crash off the county mayo coast has resumed .
a man has been charged with grievous bodily harm with a student who died after allegedly eating peanut butter at a us college .
a hospital trust has been rated as ` ` inadequate '' by the health watchdog for poor reading .
thousands of people have taken part in a march to mark the end of stafford hospital 's services .
a pembrokeshire town 's paddling pool is set to open for the first time this year .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has called for china to be ` ` more careful '' about its economic growth .
hartlepool united striker andrew nelson will miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
bristol have sacked head coach mark tainton as head coach following the club 's poor start to the season .
a driver has been arrested after a ` ` sofa '' was tied in the boot of a car .
a man who stabbed his great - grandfather to death was not psychotic , a court has heard .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
former chelsea striker didier drogba has signed a two - year contract extension with phoenix club .
sinn [ UNK ] leader gerry adams has said there is a ` ` greater opportunity '' for northern ireland to join the european union .
republic of ireland boss martin o'neill praised his side 's performance in their 1 - 1 draw with the netherlands .
national league side ebbsfleet united have signed midfielder dan weston from wycombe wanderers for an undisclosed fee .
passengers on south west trains were left ` ` unable to sleep overnight '' after a signal fault caused disruption .
people who do brisk brisk brisk exercise in the brain can keep memory , a study in the us suggests .
diageo , the world 's biggest spirits producer , has reported a sharp fall in sales and profits .
two teenagers who carried out the theft of a vicar 's car have been given detention and detained .
us president donald trump has accused us president barack obama of meddling in the 2016 presidential election of russia .
county down athlete emma mitchell and ciara kirk - smith have both qualified for sunday 's commonwealth games in londonderry .
two species of eels have been found in a norfolk river for the first time in more than a decade .
it 's one of the most exciting days of formula 1 season in the world , but it 's not only a matter of days .
the death of a 21-year - old man who was shot in the chest is being investigated by police .
former northern ireland footballer alan mccourt says he is ` ` very worried '' about his wife 's brain tumour .
the uk is ` ` not acceptable '' , defence secretary sir michael wilshaw has said , as he urged other countries to ` ` shoulder a fairer share '' .
the national assembly for wales should change its name to the welsh parliament , a labour am has said .
the german chancellor angela merkel 's party has won the north - westphalia region of north - westphalia .
one of scotland 's best - known holiday inn inn hotels has been sold to an international hotel operator .
plans to create a new tram line in derbyshire have been revealed by local enterprise councils in the east midlands .
shadow chancellor chuka umunna has said labour will ` ` betrayed our people '' if it fails to win the leadership .
the chief executive of japan 's biggest distiller , dentsu , has resigned after the death of a woman .
it 's a long time for england 's cricket team to take on sri lanka in the world cup .
drug dealers are trying to stop using ` ` rogue '' ecstasy pills containing the slogan ` ` superman '' , according to a leading expert .
union arriva trains wales has said it will withdraw work for 24 hours in a dispute over pay .
andre gray scored twice as burnley came from behind to beat struggling gillingham and move into fourth place in the championship .
coleraine rowers joel cassells and richard scrimgeour both won medals at the european rowing championships .
the sister of a woman who disappeared 10 years ago have pleaded not guilty to lying to her murder .
cardiff city manager neil warnock has spoken to ex - player andy woodward who has been sexually abused .
france has chosen its ambassador to the vatican after a row over the nomination of a top french diplomat .
gp practices in england may be left to close by the end of october , according to a report .
wales manager chris coleman says his side are capable of reaching the last 16 of euro 2016 with a 2 - 1 victory over slovakia .
guy martin will miss this year 's world superbike championship at dundrod because of injury .
burnley have signed midfielder jon walters from stoke city for an undisclosed fee , believed to be about # 15 m .
five players from across the world have been shortlisted for the bbc women 's footballer of the year award .
the queen has thanked people for their ` ` thank you '' after receiving a tweet on her 90th birthday .
black friday sales are taking place in the uk 's biggest shopping centres , with bargains coming to an end .
a lorry driver who failed to stop for a police officer after a crash has been jailed for two years .
scientists in japan have developed a new way to diagnose alzheimer 's disease in the brain .
vigils have been held across south africa to mark the 25th anniversary of the death of british woman shrien dewani .
a doctor who punched a patient with his ` ` inner chimp '' has been struck off .
a # 5.3 m settlement has been paid to the health and social care of a six - month - old girl who was discharged from hospital in antrim .
lewis hamilton took pole position at the italian grand prix to become the world 's most successful driver .
councils in wales will be forced to provide toilets in public toilets in a bid to save lives , a man has said .
a police officer who was stabbed in the head by a man at his home in south - west london has been awarded the victoria cross .
six police officers who were arrested after a man was stabbed in a toilet bowl have been placed on duty .
northern ireland 's public services college has been given the go - ahead by the northern ireland executive .
an mp has criticised plans to reduce maternity services at a hospital in banbury by up to a third .
former prime minister silvio berlusconi says he and donald trump ` ` let '' him ` ` go to work '' .
northern ireland 's secretary of state has said there is ` ` an urgent need '' to resolve the political crisis in northern ireland .
the grandmother of a man who died in a paramilitary - style shooting at her funeral has said she is ` ` disrespecting '' her grandmother .
dna from ancient dna has shed light on the genetic map of europe , according to a new study .
a suspected unexploded world war two device has been found on a ceredigion beach .
a santa claus claus claus who carried out his christmas break has been remembered as ` ` father christmas '' .
the cia 's most senior figures in the history of the central african republic -lrb- cia -rrb- were involved in one of the most notorious crimes in the country 's history .
it 's one of the most remarkable moments of the game of the year , but it 's not a good time to forget .
it 's a long time to look at the future of the main roads in south east wales .
chris gayle and michael pollard became the first man to win australia 's women 's world cup as they beat west indies by 16 runs .
a health watchdog has found ` ` very poor '' care at a mental health hospital in edinburgh .
ospreys climbed to the top of the pro12 with a hard - fought victory over newport gwent dragons .
india 's supreme court has sentenced 11 policemen to death for their role in the murder of five sikh men in the northern state of uttar pradesh .
the former world champion of wrestling , willie runnels , has died at the age of 67 .
a dog had to be rescued off the devon coast after getting into difficulty on a stretch of cliffs .
holders hibernian and dundee united will meet dundee united in the scottish cup quarter - finals .
teachers are to be offered advice on how to deal with extremists in schools and colleges .
eugene , the us city of eugene , has been given the 2021 world championships by the international athletics federation -lrb- iaaf -rrb- .
a man who admitted assaulting a young woman with a bottle of wine has pleaded guilty to attempting to murder her .
more than 5,000 syrians have arrived at the border with turkey , the un says .
booker prize winner yosuke yanagihara is one of seven authors shortlisted for the man booker prize .
an israeli police officer has been suspended after footage emerged showing a policeman hitting a man with a lorry .
the family of a boy who was attacked by a dog in cardiff has won a # 10,000 payout .
the uk 's oldest nuclear power plant is to be allowed to remove eight % of its carbon bricks .
the closure of a residential home in ceredigion is ` ` absurd '' , ceredigion council has said .
pope francis has relaxed the rules on abortion in the catholic church in england and wales , saying it is ` ` painful and painful '' .
teachers who suffered ` ` catastrophic '' injuries in their classroom have been awarded more than # 16,000 in compensation .
the founder of one of northern ireland 's biggest performing arts events has been praised by bbc music day organisers .
dog walkers have been fined # 1,000 for walking more than four dogs in a hampshire town .
police officers who used ` ` secret identities '' to infiltrate anti - government protesters in england and wales have been involved in their activities .
boeing has announced new ` ` bins '' for its fleet of boeing 737 aircraft in the us .
the architect of the dundee museum has visited the site of the city 's museum -lrb- bam -rrb- .
the number of high street banks closing their doors in scotland has risen since the financial crisis , according to a new study .
egypt reached the africa cup of nations quarter - finals with a 1 - 0 victory over morocco .
brazil coach luiz felipe scolari has resigned as coach of the confederations cup after his side lost to germany .
on the outskirts of kirkcaldy , a group of young people are taking part in the town 's gymnastics club .
exeter went top of the premiership with a bonus - point win over sale sharks at welford road .
four preferred bidders have been shortlisted to run a new rail franchise in south wales , the welsh government has said .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has spent the last 18 years in the house of commons with his opposition to nuclear weapons .
a former met police detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a female prisoner .
plans to build a new bridge across the river thames in london have been unveiled by the city council .
growth in indonesia 's economy is likely to slow in the fourth quarter , according to official figures .
a new university campus has been officially opened on the site of a former yorkshire park and ride park .
police investigating the disappearance of toddler ben needham in kos have started digging at a second site in south yorkshire .
the impact of foreign students travelling to scotland to work in the uk has been revealed by consultancy pwc .
sale sharks have signed former wales international mike phillips from racing 92 on a two - year deal for next season .
the german doctor who gave her university degrees when she was denied entry to the final exam of her career has finally got her phd .
the owner of topps , the world 's biggest sportswear maker , has issued an email warning that hackers may have accessed credit card numbers .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 16-year - old girl in birmingham .
firefighters in england and wales have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions , the government has said .
petrochemical firm ineos has announced it is to close its grangemouth petrochemical plant .
world number two novak djokovic suffered a shock 6 - 3 6 - 2 6 - 2 6 - 2 6 - 3 6 - 2 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 - 2 victory over world number one ivo karlovic at the madrid open .
airbus is ` ` vital '' to the economy after the uk voted to leave the european union , its chief executive , bregier has said .
labour can beat the conservatives by itself as a ` ` progressive alliance '' , plaid cymru mp jo stevens has said .
hospitals in england are to be hit with ` ` inadequate '' safety measures , under new measures .
` ` we ' ve been writing a horror bible , '' says one of the most talked - about stories of the year .
maria sharapova won the stuttgart open for the second time in a row with a dominant performance of her career .
motherwell have signed winger dom thomas from everton for an undisclosed fee , tying him to the club until the end of the season .
lego has ended its sponsorship deal with the daily mail , saying it is ` ` humbled and honoured '' .
gillingham have appointed peter pennock as their new manager on a two - year deal .ss
a huge explosion has blown up part of the syrian city of aleppo , killing at least 11,000 people .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro says he will visit hugo chavez 's palace in the capital , caracas .
the widow of a man killed in the tunisian beach attack has paid tribute to the ` ` fantastic man '' who died .
the duke of edinburgh is one of the longest - serving figures in british history , the queen has announced .
when former sierra leone coach alan mckinstry left his home in belfast for the first time in his life in the world of football .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the bnp paribas open with a hard - fought 6 - 3 6 - 3 win over dan pospisil .
wigan athletic have signed manchester united striker daryl powell on a season - long loan deal from manchester united .
the cost of promoting public relations in guernsey has risen to # 500,000 in the last three years , according to guernsey 's finance minister .
a spanish judge has rejected a request to drop charges against barcelona striker lionel messi and his father .
kenya 's women 's africa cup of nations hopes were dealt a blow as they lost 2 - 1 to kenya in the quarter - finals .
same - sex couples in australia may have to wait for their big day at the end of their marriage equality campaign .
britain 's mark cavendish finished third in the men 's sprint at the world championships in london .
` ` i ' m ` ` extremely jealous '' and ` ` i ' ve got the wrong idea '' .
a task force set up by police in australia to identify five young women fighting against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants has been recruited .
shares in asia were higher on friday as investors waited for the release of weaker - than - expected jobs figures .
a supermarket in manchester is to open an hour - long ` ` shop - and - a - half hours '' in a bid to stop people from going into busy shops .
newcastle united boss rafael benitez ` ` domineering '' as manager , according to former magpies boss steve mcclaren .
two dogs have been taken ill after being taken ill in a field in essex , the rspca has said .
a 19-year - old man has died after being hit by a car in flintshire . .
the pound has fallen against the us dollar for the first time in more than 30 years , after the latest trade figures show .
the billionaire investor in the gulf state of qatar has warned that it could be at risk of severe food shortages .
a florida jury has ordered the owner of gawker media to pay $ 100,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 97,000 -rrb- in damages for breaching privacy laws .
scientists say they have found the best evidence to explain the shape of the earth 's biggest particle .
virtual reality is on show at e3 in las vegas , where you 're in the uk .
the wreck of a 17th century ship which sank on the goodwin sands is to be excavated by archaeologists .
a man has pleaded guilty to stealing a woman 's handbag while she fell on a motorway .
hundreds of people have taken part in a charity walk in memory of teenager paige doherty who was found dead in a wooded area .
tributes have been paid to us actor ed herrmann , who has died at the age of 67 .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death in a street .
former world heavyweight champion tyson has said he believes professional boxers will be beaten by professionals at the rio olympics .
police in washington dc have arrested a man in connection with the murder of four people at a family home in el salvador .
the efl 's top - four goal drought continues to make way for the first time this season .
ed miliband has accused labour of ` ` over - stepping the mark '' in an election campaign advert .
more than 1,000 households in greater manchester and greater manchester were left without power after the recent floods .
south africa 's olympic athlete oscar pistorius has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend .
german police are investigating a software update for daimler 's audi arm to cut nitrogen dioxide emissions .
police in the republic of ireland have seized drugs worth an estimated # 80,000 in county antrim .
fertility services in hartlepool have been asked to look at how the firm can run the services .
the ministry of defence has announced plans to close two former military sites in hampshire and aldershot .
the european commission -lrb- ufu -rrb- has announced an eu aid package for farmers in northern ireland .
cornish pirates coach gavin cattle says his side 's performance in their european challenge cup quarter - final defeat by connacht was ` ` disjointed '' .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has opened disciplinary proceedings after nigeria 's top - four player denis otogo - castane was hit with a head injury .
birmingham city ladies ' hopes of reaching the women 's fa cup quarter - finals were dented by birmingham city .
at least 19 people have been killed in two explosions in the kenyan capital , nairobi , police say .
plans for a housing development in north yorkshire have been rejected by a government minister for ` ` ill - conceived '' .
moderates and reformists in iran 's parliamentary election have won a major victory in parliamentary elections .
fly - half jake ball says he is ` ` very excited '' to be fit for wales ' six nations opener against italy .
kilmarnock captain jim goodwin says he is not making an official decision on whether to retire .
denmark reached the women 's euro 2017 final with a penalty shootout win over austria in the semi - finals .
a powerful 7.2-magnitude earthquake in new zealand has killed at least 13 people , the city 's governor has said .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed in a chemical attack in iraq , the iraqi government says .
great britain 's davis cup final against france is ` ` not safe '' , according to the international tennis federation -lrb- ftf -rrb- .
a man has been found guilty of masterminding a multi - million pound drugs scam .
lewis hamilton says he is ` ` hopeful '' he can beat muhammad ali in sunday 's british grand prix .
the prime minister has said he is ` ` deeply touched '' by the recent spate of neo - nazi attacks on an island in oslo .
tributes have been paid to a teacher who died in a crash with a car in monmouthshire .
the survivor of the zeebrugge ferry disaster in which more than 400 people died has described the tragedy as a ` ` tragedy '' .
a man who says he is gay has been ` ` a bit different '' since he was 12 .
former gleneagles guesthouse host david o'grady has been accused of ` ` abusing '' the resort .
wales scrum - half dan biggar has signed a new contract with the ospreys .
malaysian energy giant shell has said it is ` ` deeply sorry '' for ` ` extreme '' acts of indecently assaulting a female employee .
the jihadist group charlie hebdo has been killed in an attack on a satirical magazine in france .
the debate on the future of the uk 's investigatory powers bill is set to begin on wednesday .
israel 's government has announced it is replacing metal detectors at the ancient site of the ancient city of jerusalem .
the european commission has fined lufthansa and klm $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.9 bn -rrb- for breaching european union rules in 2010 .
the uk is to become the first member of the european union to hold a referendum in june 2016 .
lifeguards are to be deployed at camber sands in the wake of the deaths of five men in the sea .
a new rail franchise is to be added to services between cardiff and barry , the uk government has announced .
west brom striker saido berahino is ` ` as good as we are '' , according to baggies boss tony pulis .
hundreds of reporters and supporters of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group have attended a press freedom awards in the syrian city of raqqa .
a man who travelled to syria to join the so - called islamic state group has been jailed .
league two side mansfield town have signed dundee striker scott flinders on loan until the end of the season .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a new study of dna and dna has concluded that it may be essential to communicate with our natural cousins .
the first all - amputee team to row the world 's longest - servingvingvingvingving ocean has completed the first round - the - world challenge .
india 's tamil nadu state has announced that it will release bollywood star jk rowling 's latest film , kabali .
williams test driver susie wolff has signed a two - year deal with sauber for the 2017 season .
bristol rovers boss darrell clarke says he will not fear for his job if he wants to sack him .
tom revell scored twice as ipswich came from behind to beat mk dons and reach the championship play - offs .
hollywood star angelina jolie has been named scotland 's best - known women of the year .
dame sarah storey has become britain 's most decorated female paralympian at the rio paralympics .
rex tillerson , the head of the white house , was a member of president donald trump 's campaign on climate change .
the wife of a man who was seriously injured in a ` ` brutal attack '' outside a london tube station has said her husband is ` ` well - respected '' .
a 33-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in bridgend county .
brian o'driscoll and brian o'driscoll will start for ireland 's test against new zealand in dublin on saturday .
the walling of edinburgh castle has been uncovered during work to reopen it in the early 19th century .
the chief minister of india 's western maharashtra state has said women should be allowed to enter the inner sanctum of a hindu temple .
the new head coach of the arizona cardinals , frazer welter , is to take up a coaching role .
talks aimed at averting a series of industrial action in the north sea have been called off by wood group .
the world 's biggest gathering in china has been held in beijing for the first time in more than a year .
wigan midfielder ben watson will miss the rest of the season after breaking his leg in anfield 's 2 - 2 draw with liverpool .
chelsea climbed to the top of the premier league with a 2 - 0 victory over southampton at stamford bridge .
health minister merill has said she is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the suspension of the chief executive of wales ' largest health body .
the first day of the second test between england and south africa in cape town ended in an extraordinary day .
photographs of the dambusters raid have sold for more than [ UNK ] # 2,000 at auction .
a controlled explosion has been carried out after a suspected world war two torpedo was found in portsmouth harbour .
a three - month - old baby girl is in a critical condition in hospital after she was found abandoned in dublin .
tributes have been paid to indian artist jk chand , who has died at the age of 84 .
sri lanka batsman kumar sangakkara has announced he will retire from cricket at the end of the season .
plans to demolish the old section of hearts ' main stand have been announced by the scottish premiership club .
a man who deliberately shone a laser pen at a police helicopter which crashed in glasgow has been jailed .
the chief executive of malaysia airlines , thomas mueller , is to step down after two separate air disasters .
a former president of the world football federation -lrb- fifa -rrb- has pleaded guilty to corruption and money laundering charges .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers nigeria 's failure to qualify for the 2017 africa cup of nations .
the distinctive scots accent remains ` ` flourish '' in the uk , according to a new study .
we asked the bbc about the exchange rate between the dollar and the pound to help you get your money .
us president donald trump has reappointed china 's central bank chief , saying the country is a ` ` currency manipulator '' .
the number of tigers living in the sunderbans area in bangladesh has fallen sharply , according to a new survey .
a five - year - old boy who failed to attend celtic 's first home game of the season has been reunited with his mother .
a taxi driver has been arrested on suspicion of attempted kidnap after a child was allegedly kidnapped in derby .
sheffield united 's hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by shrewsbury .
chess boxing is a popular sport in india 's west bengal state , but it is also a sport that can become one of the world 's most popular sports .
the family of a seven - year - old boy who has been missing out on a special school place in northern ireland have said they are worried that the school system is ` ` over - subscribed '' .
actress vicky mcclure has said she was ` ` mortified '' after she was thrown off a tram in nottingham .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has released a statement saying it was ` ` not willing '' to pay off manager gordon strachan .
the winner of the john moores painting prize has said he is ` ` surprised '' by winning the prestigious john moores art prize .
people across the uk are marking the 70th anniversary of poland 's decision to leave the european union .
david cameron has called for a un resolution on syria to be set up to remove chemical weapons from syria .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has launched a major offensive in the syrian city of deir al - zour .
eu nationals living in the uk are being offered guarantees on how they are allowed to stay in the eu .
police scotland 's chief inspectorate of constabulary has criticised the force 's call - handling system .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car .
derbyshire 's bowlers dominated the first day of their championship match against glamorgan at trent bridge on thursday .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , official figures show .
` ` short - term '' coaching in england is leading to a ` ` crisis '' , according to the head of rugby union .
the number of welsh rugby players banned from sport is ` ` totally off - the - scale '' , according to the welsh rugby union .
a memorial has been unveiled in eastbourne to mark the 100th anniversary of a world war one battle .
the european commission has announced that the spanish banking sector is short of 6bn euros -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2.3 bn -rrb- .
marcus rashford scored twice as manchester united beat anderlecht in the europa league quarter - finals .
more than 150 lorry drivers were stopped using their mobile phone in a three - month period , police said .
welsh secretary alun cairns has been quizzed by the welsh parliament 's finance committee on brexit .
brian o'driscoll has been named ireland 's new player of the year for the first time .
northern ireland 's justice minister has said the government will not be able to deal with the legacy of the troubles .
scotland 's skills system needs to be overhauled , according to a new report on how the economy is managed .
the director of star wars drama gods of egypt has apologised for ` ` failing to live up to standards of diversity '' .
the first conservative coalition government in the uk has announced that it will form a majority government in 2017 .
a plan to help unemployed people get a job in wales has been labelled ` ` worrying '' by the uk government .
tammy beaumont scored a century as surrey stars beat yorkshire diamonds by eight wickets in the women 's super league .
up to 50 jobs are to be lost at the shepton mallet plant in somerset , an mp has said .
a train has crashed in the belgian town of leuven , killing at least two people and injuring several others .
robert lewandowski scored a hat - trick as poland beat romania 3 - 0 in a world cup qualifier in bucharest .
a red cross team who helped survivors of the shoreham air crash have been recognised in the new year honours list .
sri lanka 's former defence secretary has been arrested in connection with the discovery of an arsenal in the capital , colombo .
swansea city council has agreed a deal to buy the club 's new stadium from the city council .
the south bank sky arts awards have been announced for the first time in the uk 's history .
david warner has been dropped from the england squad for the tour of new zealand because of an attack on the player .
former scotland international lee pearson is relishing the prospect of joining motherwell in the indian super league .
a shopper who hit a woman with a homemade of bacon with a bag of bacon has been attacked by police .
the creator of the hit us tv series the simpsons , jeff groening , has joked about the town of the town of < q >
a police officer has been jailed for four years for sexually assaulting and sexually assaulting women in his car .
so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is a ` ` lost cause '' for civilians in the iraqi city of mosul .
the head of world football 's governing body fifa -lrb- lfa -rrb- has resigned from his position as a candidate for the fifa presidency .
former snp leader alistair carmichael has lost a legal challenge against the scottish secretary 's handling of the general election .
the university of warrington has unveiled a new computer that will run high - speed engineering and research .
bayern munich 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the champions league were dented as they lost to manchester city .
the son of martin mcguinness has spoken of the moment his mother found a black beret in his home .
the government has announced a blanket ban on the sale of so - called legal highs in england and wales .
callum o'shea 's late equaliser earned port vale a hard - fought victory over chesterfield .
us secretary of state john kerry has visited somalia 's capital , mogadishu , saying the country is turning around .
the organisers of india 's most popular documentary festival have criticised the decision to ban a documentary on beef .
sam warburton says he will take ` ` a few risks '' when wales face new zealand on saturday .
a conference to mark the 25th anniversary of the charlie hebdo satirical magazine charlie hebdo has been cancelled .
the archbishop of galway martin has called for an apology from the catholic church over the transfer of human remains to be carried out .
johnny depp 's management group is suing his management group over his ` ` lavish lifestyle '' .
great britain 's liam heath set a new world record in the k2 200 m kayak event in hungary .
a man accused of causing the death of his girlfriend by dangerous driving has told a court he ` ` felt bad '' after she hit her .
police are attempting to trace a man who stole cash from a bank in edinburgh after a car chase .
the conservatives have won cardiff north and vale of glamorgan north by more than a third in a row .
it 's one of the world 's best - selling countries , but it 's not too long for asian tourism .
former firefighters and police officers who retired in wales are to receive a top - up to their compensation .
residents in a remote part of australia have been forced to evacuate their homes after a large fire broke out .
plans to build a visitor centre on the site of the battle of naseby have been approved .
it 's a couple who have got engaged at the 2016 olympics , but what do you think about their relationship ?
the pilot of a colombian plane that crashed in colombia last week has been discharged from hospital in colombia .
a coroner has written to the department of health to discuss the ` ` unacceptable '' impact of patients in cornwall .
the ` ` sadistic '' murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in her flat was ` ` cruel and sadistic '' , a court has heard .
a statue has been unveiled in sunderland to commemorate the first time the world 's longest - running industrial action .
plans to create a new dual carriageway on the a40 between oxford and oxford are to go on public consultation .
a police officer is in a critical condition in hospital after an incident involving a group of adults in essex .
more than 30,000 people have signed a letter criticising david cameron 's immigration policy .
a syrian man has become the first person to be able to take 3d images of people 's face .
northern ireland 's new councils will be able to make decisions on how to deal with their own planning system .
` ` i ' ve ever been in my life , '' says john lockhart , who has been living in an apartment in new zealand .
retail sales rose by more than 5 % in november compared with the same month last year , according to official figures .
nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio is being investigated by the uk 's biggest lender .
ed sheeran has donated his ` ` whole clothes '' to a charity shop in his home town .
the family of a five - year - old girl who went missing in india say they have been reunited with her father .
two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of a new york building after a ceiling collapsed .
the uk 's decision to cut subsidies for renewable energy is a ` ` perverse signal '' , a senior un official has said .
aberdeen have appointed former aberdeen boss paul sheerin as their new manager on a two - year deal .
gaston ramirez scored twice as middlesbrough beat bournemouth to move up to third in the premier league table with victory at bournemouth .
super league side wi wi widnes vikings have announced that jared allen will retire at the end of the season .
police are continuing to search for a missing man who has been missing for more than a week in london .
many young people in ivory coast are struggling to find out how to deal with the challenges faced by young people .
a convicted murderer who absconded from a prison in south yorkshire has been arrested , police have said .
the mayor of london boris johnson has been ` ` lucky to be alive '' after he got stuck on a high wire during the olympic games .
zanzi 's bid to become a member of the confederation of african football -lrb- tff -rrb- has been accepted by fifa .
the bbc 's horizon programme is looking at ways to tackle air pollution in syria and the middle east .
michael o'brien 's late drop - goal gave salford victory over hull kr in the million pound game .
roald dahl 's best - selling author , roald dahl , is one of the most famous authors in the world .
an exhibition celebrating the life of victorian water lilies by dame zaha has opened at chatsworth house .
a 19-year - old man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a balcony in brighton .
writer james graham has said he is working on a tv drama about the brexit vote , which will be the main priority for the next five years .
a group set up to repair the last ascent of the far east fells in cumbria has been selected .
inverness caledonian thistle manager richie foran says the club 's relegation battle is ` ` massive '' .
lancashire director of cricket ashley giles says his side are ` ` far from safe '' as they look to avoid relegation from division one .
leicester city 's remarkable journey to the semi - finals of the champions league came to an end on thursday .
the number of drug - testing cases at the world athletics championships has risen to a record high , according to us researchers .
britain 's andy murray reached the third round of the australian open with a straight - set win over dan evans .
the family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car in north london have paid tribute to him .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
un agencies and non - governmental organisations in eastern ukraine have been ordered to leave the region .
millions of people in the uk who need to renew their tax credit renewals after 28 days without paying tax credit renewal will have to wait until sunday .
the university of oxford is to make a more diverse range of ` ` diverse '' portraits of people with a disability .
the director general of the association of northern ireland -lrb- irrefunded -rrb- , jim duffy , has called for ` ` decisive action '' in the future .
brexit secretary david davis has said he is ` ` absolutely right '' to guarantee wales ' interests .
tributes have been paid to the family of joseph clark , who died at the age of 84 .
us president - elect donald trump has congratulated taiwan 's first female leader , tsai ing - wen .
bus drivers in dorset and dorset are set to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
the us defence department has announced it is to shut down all of its staff in order to reduce the number of civilian furloughs .
arsenal boss arsene wenger says he is willing to take responsibility for his future at the club .
the owner of cleethorpes pier has announced plans to take over the running of the site .
toshiba has said it plans to file its us nuclear services firm , which it says is likely to be bankrupt .
former france defender martin reveillere has signed a one - year contract extension with the club .
gps in england are being ` ` too short '' for their patients , according to the british medical association .
a 16-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from a bridge in rhondda cynon taff .
a ` ` significant '' hoard of medieval artefacts has been uncovered by archaeologists at durham university .
england 's jordan spieth will ` ` scar '' fellow spaniard jordan spieth after the final round of the masters at augusta .
the syrian government says it will evacuate the last remaining rebel - held districts of the ancient city of homs .
at least 13 people have been killed in nigeria 's north - eastern borno state by boko haram islamist militants .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to the number of children 's centres in oxfordshire .
more than 1,000 people have been forced to evacuate their homes in a wildfire in california .
the former liberal democrat mp lord avebury has died at the age of 84 after a long illness .
adam lyth made his highest score of the season as surrey dominated day two against yorkshire at headingley .
contraband has been thrown over a prison wall in essex , the ministry of justice has said in a bid to stop contraband .
the funeral of a mother and her two children who were stabbed to death in oxfordshire has taken place .
china 's supreme court has ruled that the philippine government violated the rights of its territory in the north sea .
the nigeria football association -lrb- fufa -rrb- says it is ` ` commitment '' to ensure coach adam sredojevic was paid by coach of the national team .
wolves moved to within two points of the league two play - off places with victory over cambridge united .
sussex batsman luke wells says he is capable of reaching the highest score in the county championship this season .
a new dossier of russian troops fighting in eastern ukraine has concluded that russia 's president vladimir putin was killed .
us secretary of state john kerry has said china is ` ` a serious concern '' over its presence in the south china sea .
two 13-year - old boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of themselves .
a health watchdog has apologised for failing to meet standards of care at a hospital in dumfries and galloway .
the united nations has awarded unesco world heritage status for scotland 's ` ` industrial heritage '' .
game of thrones actress emma christie is to star in a new series of top of the lake .
south africa 's biggest platinum miner , lonmin , has said it will raise $ 1.5 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- to fund the sale of its shares .
a man has denied the manslaughter of a man who was found stabbed to death near his home in cumbria .
scientists have created a new ` ` bio - glue '' ` ` toxin '' that sticks to dead bodies .
a lion has escaped from a south african national park after escaping from an electric fence , officials say .
cuban president donald trump has accused the us of using ` ` hostile rhetoric '' to ` ` manipulate '' human rights .
uk researchers have found a new way of tackling antibiotics in a bid to cut the effectiveness of antibiotics .
former us president barack obama has topped the shortlist for a library in the city of chicago , where he was born .
two men have been jailed for importing and importing illegal drugs into the dark web marketplaces .
a memorial to the thousands of crewmen who served in bomber command has been vandalised in lincoln .
` ` i ' m going to work as menstrual leave , '' said julia roberts , chief executive of the us , janet yellen .
featherstone rovers have appointed former head coach jim duffy as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
a mass has been held in glasgow to mark the 70th anniversary of the earthquake in italy in december .
the conservatives have gained a seat in tatton , cheshire , in a closely fought seat in cheshire .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- has announced a new schedule for the 2016 season .
the number of people being charged for parking on private land in scotland has risen by more than 50 % in the last year , according to citizens advice .
reading for pleasure can boost children 's mental health , according to a new study in the uk .
the uk 's decision to leave the european union could lead to ` ` uncertainty '' over its future , the head of the royal society has warned .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a nine - year - old girl died in a crash .
britain 's andre greipel won the tour of britain as mark cavendish lost the race to mark cavendish .
there 's a lot of talk about the government 's plans to force all schools to become academies .
the snp has said it is ` ` in no position '' to provide shadow scottish secretary jeremy corbyn 's shadow cabinet .
the owner of a missing 12-year - old boy has appealed for help to find his missing father .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend ` ` felt like being ignored '' by her boyfriend , a court has heard .
staff at a coffee chain have been paid at least the minimum wage after it was criticised for selling a fake business .
former imf chief rodrigo rato has gone on trial in spain accused of stealing millions of dollars from his own bank .
samsung has added ad - blockers to its web browser for the first time in more than a year .
four cats have died after eating antifreeze in their cars , the rspca has said .
welsh triathlete non stanford says she has ` ` done enough '' to secure her place at the rio olympics .
a danish boy who was rescued by a lifeguard while he was on holiday in denmark has died , his lawyer has said .
the family of a four - year - old boy who died in a tractor accident have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
conor veainu scored a hat - trick as leicester overcame benetton treviso to secure a bonus - point win .
southend united boss phil brown has accused the refereeing of ` ` unbelievable '' refereeing after the league two play - off final .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed teenage midfielder kadeem harris from liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
england suffered a humiliating 13-wicket defeat by south africa in the first match of their tour .
work has begun on a new multi - million pound leisure centre in denbighshire which closed last year .
a polish man has been found guilty of plotting to bomb parliament with four tonnes of explosives in an attack on parliament .
snooker 's world governing body has voted to scrap the shoot out of the snooker championship in england .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a donkey was attacked in torfaen .
the deaths of three migrants in a camp in western greece are being ` ` wanton loss of life '' , doctors say .
former celtic captain barry ferguson says he is ` ` not ready '' to become the new manager of rangers .
the maximum jail terms for kidnappings and kidnappings in mexico have been announced by the federal government .
an inquest into the death of a woman who was tasered by police has heard the attack was ` ` an unbelievable , surreal call '' .
the british grand prix will not be held at silverstone until 2019 , according to formula 1 bosses .
sunderland have completed the signing of midfielder nacio scocco on a season - long loan deal .
hearts moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over kilmarnock at tynecastle .
an alabama radio station has apologised after an ` ` obscene '' podcast was hacked .
a 28-year - old man has pleaded guilty to the murder of a teacher at a hotel .
status quo guitarist rick parfitt has died at the age of 67 , the band has confirmed .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been given a one - year contract extension by the club .
a man has died after falling from a cliff at a nature reserve in east sussex , police have said .
cbbc is to launch a new chart show for the first time in three years , starting in may .
police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was raped in a west london street in the early hours of the morning .
a group of doctors and nurses have signed a letter criticising the nhs in england 's health system .
the amazon rainforest in the south - east of brazil has been destroyed every year , according to a new study .
archaeologists in south africa have unearthed what is thought to be the first modern stone age tools in the world .
millions of workers in the uk are less likely to travel for two hours , according to official figures .
a study of whether people prefer ` ` just thinking '' during a night of quietness has sparked controversy .
richard o'neill , the founder of the magazine oz , has died at the age of 89 .
people with learning disabilities are being encouraged to take part in a disability arts project in wales , which aims to encourage more people to learn .
a hospital cleaner has been suspended after a patient 's name was allegedly accessed on a social network .
a community group has re - opened a grade ii - listed glamis hall in east yorkshire .
a blood test could help diagnose ovarian cancer , according to researchers in the us .
tranmere rovers have signed defender gary cavan on a two - year deal after he left the club .
germany 's artur jung won the dressage grand slam with victory in the dressage final at badminton park .
lewis hamilton has criticised the ` halo ' head - protection system in formula 1 after the death of his son .
local councils in wales are to be forced to broadcast their meetings online , the welsh government has said .
it 's a couple of weeks since the resignation of david cameron and his wife , two - year - old son - in - law .
finance secretary john swinney has said he is ` ` no better or worse off '' for scottish taxpayers .
mcdonald 's has been accused of abusing its ` ` dominant market position '' in its restaurants .
the founder of the royal academy of music , sir neville , has died at the age of 89 .
tributes have been paid to former wales rugby player peter corrigan , who has died aged 84 .
dog owners in oxford could face tougher penalties for dog fouling , under new plans being considered .
oxford united have signed everton defender callum kenny on loan until the end of the season , with the option of a further year .
a four - year - old boy has died in a farm accident in county fermanagh . .
two police officers have been shot dead in the us state of iowa , according to a manhunt .
an app that allows users to send messages to each user has been fixed , according to its founder .
the tunnels at the former barracks of world war two have opened to the public for the first time .
tributes have been paid to the ` ` hugely talented '' musician gerry rafferty , who has died at the age of 67 .
a liverpool supporters ' group is to debate the issue of safe standing at all - seater stadium .
the chairman of edrington distiller , jim murray , is to take over as executive director .
it 's one of the youngest people in the uk to work in the country 's history .
russian authorities are investigating the murder of former journalist mikhail tsilikin , whose body was found in st petersburg .
women who sit for longer are more likely to have shorter telomeres than their peers , a study suggests .
at least nine people have been injured in a suspected gas explosion in a seaside resort in malaga , local media report .
one of the world 's most famous musicians has been performing music videos at the bbc 's granada studios .
scotrail has announced plans to close the rail tunnel between glasgow and edinburgh over the next six weeks .
the chief executive of a hospital in east sussex has resigned , the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- has said .
germany 's deutsche bank has warned that it could be ` ` worse than the possible outcome '' of the eu referendum .
a british man has been found dead in myanmar , his wife has confirmed , the foreign office has confirmed .
at least 19 people have been killed in separate attacks on a school in eastern ukraine , officials say .
some schools in england are being put at risk by ` ` complex '' admission arrangements , says a report .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister in a ` ` horrific '' house fire .
derry city extended their unbeaten run to seven games as they came from behind to beat bohemians at dalymount park .
a man who fled to the uk after being convicted of killing two people has been jailed for nine years .
league two side leyton orient have signed chesterfield midfielder cheikhou kosi for an undisclosed fee .
smartphones and smartphone apps that monitor our health are being put on the market by smartphones and tablets .
drivers in wales will face disruption this weekend as millions of commuters travel to the uk from london to london .
ferrari 's kimi raikkonen headed a ferrari one - two in first practice at the belgian grand prix .
richard keogh 's first goal for derby county ended in defeat as they beat grimsby town .
a 19-year - old man has been jailed for raping a 15-year - old girl in a park .
dundee stars coach marc lefebvre says he is ` ` proud '' of his side 's performance in sunday 's elite league final .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in the annual pride parade in london 's hyde park .
west ham have agreed a deal with the women 's team to take over the running of their team .
children 's television drama drama drama katie and katie williams are among the winners of this year 's bafta children 's awards .
a man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house in the highlands before setting fire .
plans for a new visitor centre on the humber bridge have been submitted to the public for the first time .
the scottish government has published the queen 's speech on brexit , ahead of the general election .
a super - hard materials made of the world 's best - selling form of space has been unveiled in las vegas .
bbc wales football pundits from across the world will be celebrating the 50th anniversary of wales ' 1 - 0 win over cardiff .
jules bianchi 's father says he is ` ` confident '' he will not give up his life after he was seriously injured in a crash in russia .
it 's one of england 's most famous cricket teams , but it was not a dream come true .
prince harry has visited a children 's home in south africa to help ` ` save millions '' of lives .
bedfordshire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said the force is in danger of being ` ` aggressive '' .
avon and somerset 's chief fire officer has called for an independent inquiry into allegations of historical child neglect .
league two side morecambe have signed defender shaun edwards on a two - year contract following his release by cambridge united .
police in the indian city of mumbai are searching for a man suspected of killing his wife , who was found dead in the city .
oldham athletic manager karl robinson says the league one club 's transfer embargo is ` ` not ideal '' .
saracens will face a ` ` new chapter '' in the club 's history , according to director of rugby david barritt .
a dinosaur skeleton found in mongolia has sold at auction for $ 8 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3.4 m -rrb- .
police in the us city of dallas say they have found nothing in the wake of the fatal shooting of five police officers .
a group of senior military commanders has urged the prime minister to reassess its decision to leave the country ` ` dangerously exposed '' .
f1 driver maria de villota is in a ` ` critical but stable condition '' after a head - on crash .
hansausen obrist has been named the world 's best - selling artist of the year .
legal aid cuts in criminal cases in england and wales are ` ` not for sale '' , the head of the law firm has said .
police in the southern indian city of bangalore have arrested four people for selling a rare red sand boa .
sydney 's sydney opera house has been switched off for an hour as part of an energy campaign .
britain 's sebastien pauwels won stage three of the tour de yorkshire with victory in a sprint finish .
fifa president sepp blatter says he is ` ` really sorry '' and ` ` sorry for football '' .
a ` ` heavy gambler '' killed his friend and dismembering his body in a suitcase , a court has heard .
police investigating the discovery of a man 's remains have said they are ` ` deeply disappointed '' .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after an off - duty police officer was attacked in lancashire .
ed miliband has urged voters in scotland not to ` ` vote tactically '' in the general election .
atletico madrid head coach diego simeone has signed a new three - year contract with the spanish champions .
an elected mayor for south east wales is ` ` not reaching the target '' , a councillor has said .
former business secretary mark mcgregor has accused the chinese government of ` ` torturing '' foreign companies .
england 's record - breaking test wicket - taker james anderson has become the most successful test bowler of all time .
leeds united defender pep bartley has made his side look ` ` more solid '' , according to head coach paul bartley .
a man has admitted killing an 89-year - old who died after being attacked in his home .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares on the ftse 100 closed higher after shares in fashion firm burberry fell after it said it would be takeover target .
the former first minister of scotland , jack mcconnell , has admitted he fell down a drain in malawi .
england head coach wayne bennett has ` ` a lot to be '' , says former australia captain michael o'loughlin .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a flat in glasgow .
jazz carlin says her ` ` incredible feeling '' helped her win her second olympic gold medal in rio .
stoke city boss mark hughes says there is no interest in signing striker ashley crouch from west brom .
the first six veterans to receive treatment at a mental health unit in surrey will be treated in hospital , defence secretary michael fallon has announced .
england 's poor start to the tour of india ended in a dismal collapse in mumbai .
china 's dai long retained his olympic weightlifting title with victory in the men 's 105 kg category .
former wales and british and irish lions scrum - half john faull has died at the age of 84 .
a couple from east kilbride have scooped # 1.5 m in the euromillions lottery .
national league strugglers guiseley have signed midfielder joel ekstrand on a one - year contract .
in a room at dumfries and galloway 's high - security prison , some of the most prominent prisoners in the world are living in prison .
former england captain chris woakes and batsman toby roland - jones have been named cricket writers of 2016 .
shadow education secretary natalie glass has resigned from the labour party after jeremy corbyn 's resignation .
a court in uruguay has ordered the trial of five former military officers accused of running a secret prison .
the death of jayalalitha , the chief minister of india 's tamil nadu state , is due to come to an end .
plans to build new homes on greenbelt land in greater manchester are to be delayed until next year .
a health watchdog is proposing to suspend non - essential hospital referrals to patients in england .
tributes have been paid to a prison officer who died in a bomb attack at maghaberry prison .
more than 1,000 people took to the streets of edinburgh for an unauthorised show .
a group of residents in bristol have taken part in an anti- smell smell smell that has caused havoc in the city .
relatives of those who died in the sinking of the ss lancastria in world war two have been asked to apply for a medal .
one of the last survivors of the nazi death camp in world war two has died at the age of 89 .
the number of people convicted of animal welfare offences in wales has risen by 20 % in the last year , according to the rspca .
the number of scots seeking work in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade .
manchester united striker zlatan ibrahimovic has urged fans to ` ` keep faith '' in him after his side 's 1 - 1 draw with liverpool .
an indian woman who was forced into marriage in india has returned to india after three days in captivity .
a us marine has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a transgender woman in the philippines .
the inquiry into undercover police operations will not be forced to admit to anonymity , the high court has ruled .
fifa 's world cup - winning sponsor , the world 's biggest sponsor , has been a source of controversy .
northern ireland 's department of health has published draft guidelines on abortion for the nhs in northern ireland .
a woman has been killed in a suspected hit - and - run incident in which a woman was shot dead .
great britain have named a 23-strong team for the world rowing championships in florida next month .
former scotland striker christie kerr has been named head coach of scottish football , according to former scotland captain av grant .
mahatma gandhi was one of india 's best - known leaders , who was killed in 2002 .
the death of a three - month - old baby was ` ` significantly reduced '' by delays in his birth , an inquest has heard .
a man has become the first person to complete a marathon on a pogo stick in the us .
there is a ` ` significant gap '' between the number of people seeking help in tackling child sex abuse , a charity has said .
people throwing overhand free throw could be the most accurate weapon in sports , according to a study .
an outbreak of e. coli in the uk may have been linked to an outbreak in france , the food watchdog has said .
tanzania 's president joseph kikwete has dismissed a senior government minister who took $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1 m -rrb- to an oil minister .
coach warren gatland says wales ' players are not ` ` whiter than whiter than white '' .
a public consultation has begun on whether a site for nuclear waste should be stored at a site near annan .
a drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been found in mice , according to us scientists .
tennis star andy murray has been given a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list for his achievements in scotland .
a police watchdog has launched an investigation into the death of a 72-year - old man in inverness .
it 's one of the most exciting businesses in the world , but it 's time of year .
paisley has been ranked as the most deprived area in scotland for the first time in four years . .
when former arsenal striker joe allen was playing for the club in the premier league last season , he 's no exception .
russia 's parliament has approved a new law that will require internet users to register to operate online .
a man who inflicted ` ` catastrophic '' injuries on his unborn baby son has been jailed .
a coach carrying 50 passengers on the m6 toll has been evacuated after a ` ` suspicious '' incident .
doctors in england could be recruited to help cover the chronic shortage of doctors , according to a report .
the streaming service netflix has said it will not broadcast a episode of bill cosby 's 1970s tv show .
the newry - based firm norbrook has announced that its former chief executive peter nagle is to be the new chairman of the firm .
jockey george hamilton has been discharged from hospital after suffering a head injury during last month 's grand prix .
england 's euro 2016 campaign starts in russia with a 4 - 3 win over russia in the last 16 .
prominent republican thomas ` slab ' murphy has appeared in court in the republic of ireland charged with tax fraud .
a 16-year - old boy who stabbed a 16-year - old to death at an aberdeen school has been jailed for life .
two men who groomed a 17-year - old girl into having sex with men have been jailed .
the future of the silverstone circuit will be decided by an overseas investor , the sport 's bosses have confirmed .
the bbc 's imf kheti looks at why he has been trying to get his citizenship .
the ey item club has cut its growth forecast for the uk economy after the brexit vote .
voters in merseyside are going to the polls to elect a new police and crime commissioner for the area .
sci - fi film stars have been honoured at this year 's empire awards , with 11 nominations .
bbc sport outlines the biggest run - scorers in the indian premier league , with pace bowler james de villiers leading the way .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has said england and wales have the highest incarceration rate in western europe .
romania 's new prime minister , pm pm pm viktor maseanu , has survived a vote of no confidence in his ruling coalition .
barcelona have made a tax declaration of 13.5 m euros -lrb- # 13.8 m -rrb- for neymar , the club has confirmed .
an animal rescue charity is attempting to trace a ` ` dangerous '' raccoon who escaped from a house .
un human rights investigators have said they are considering publishing the names of suspected war crimes suspects in syria .
former england captain alastair cook says he is looking forward to the future of one - day cricket .
tranmere rovers have signed winger joe broom from bristol rovers on loan until the end of the season .
police in sri lanka have launched an investigation into allegations that a bookmaker tried to bribe two cricketers .
lizzy yarnold is one of britain 's best - known skeleton racers , who have come to terms with their own track .
scarlets rugby player mark williams has apologised after a picture of him posing as a black man in a dirty dress .
plans for a housing development in surrey have been put on hold by the local authority 's inspector .
venezuela 's state - owned airline latam airlines has suspended flights to the country until further notice .
israel has accused israel of ` ` compensating civilians '' during the 2014 gaza war .
more than 100 syrian refugees have arrived in londonderry since the start of the war in syria .
the governor of indiana has defended a controversial religious freedom law that allows businesses to refuse to serve gay people .
eleven people have been arrested in connection with a landslide at a landfill site in the southern chinese city of shenzhen .
amnesty international has criticised the eu 's plan to resettle syrian refugees in turkey as ` ` sugar - coating '' .
the bodies of 19 syrian migrants who drowned in two separate boats off turkey 's coast have been recovered .
plans to extend seven - to - seven bus lanes in belfast have been unveiled by transport minister chris hazzard .
sales at argos have fallen for the first time in three years , according to the owner of home retail group .
bbc northern ireland 's spotlight team has won the bbc 's annual programme at the royal television society awards .
a number of teachers at a catholic school in belfast have been called in sick for a second day .
liverpool boss jurgen klopp said he was responsible for his side 's ` ` dreadful '' champions league defeat by sevilla .
care home owners in england are being urged to make an independent independent independent care home easier for care providers .
justin bieber is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in los angeles .
mobile operators o2 and vodafone are meeting in london to discuss the process of launching 4 g services .
ukip leader nigel farage has apologised for ` ` any totally unintended offence '' on the nhs in hampshire .
manchester united 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter - finals were dented by olympiakos .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago .
saracens boss mark mccall has accused scarlets prop alex davies of ` ` lying on the head '' after he was hit by a ` ` freak '' punch .
plans to upgrade stonehenge to the ` ` longest tunnel '' of the world heritage site have been revealed .
great britain 's youngest gymnast , sophie bryony , has become the first woman to win a medal at the rio olympics .
it 's one of the most vulnerable people in northern ireland , but how do you get a pay rise ?
bbc sport 's live coverage of the fa cup will be broadcast live on bbc radio 5 live .
a peregrine red kite has died after being shot by a man in north yorkshire , police have said .
a new working group will be set up to resolve the design of a proposed cycle path in edinburgh .
police forces in england and wales are being ` ` put on a red flag '' by cutting 999 calls , a watchdog has warned .
iran 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad has said that ` ` nobody has the right to die '' in syria .
an off - duty police officer who was arrested in glasgow on suspicion of attempted murder has described the incident as ` ` a game show '' .
british sailor alex thomson has finished third in his bid to become the first briton to win the tour of new zealand .
work to build a major road in llandeilo in powys is set to begin next year .
belgian cyclist anna van der driessche has been banned from cycling for six months after discovering a motor in her wheel .
russia has accused russia of violating its air force 's air force by adding its radar on its jets .
liverpool midfielder jordan henderson has signed a new five - year contract with the premier league club for an undisclosed fee .
the number of asylum seekers held for more than a year at a detention centre at the uk 's largest immigration centre has increased , a report has found .
mikheil saakashvili , the former georgian president , has been sworn in as president of the country .
leeds rhinos coach brian mcdermott says the club 's record - breaking win over wigan gave them an ` ` incredible '' chance of winning the grand final .
a man who died after taking an ` ` hallucinogenic '' drug has died in hospital .
the number of jewish community centres in the us has risen by more than a third in a year , according to a report .
a man who bought a ` ` green monster '' buggy on ebay said he had ` ` hit the limit '' on his wife 's birthday .
worcestershire director of cricket steve rhodes says the county 's decision to move them to new road has worked .
iran 's supreme court has approved plans to convert the country 's largest prison into a park in tehran .
the us military is suing the pentagon over changes to its policy on women serving in the military .
shares in royal mail have fallen for the first time since the brexit vote , following a fall in sales .
gunmen have opened fire at a police station in the western afghan province of helmand , killing at least 20 people .
a german man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed to death in a residential street .
jockey ryan moore says he will not rush his return to the saddle until the end of the season .
oxford united secured their first win of the season with victory over bradford at the kassam stadium .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
an inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park has been opened .
immigrants should be able to speak english if they are living in wales , a group of mps has said .
apple and facebook have announced a new policy aimed at boosting the number of women in the us .
a woman who painted red and white stripes on her west london home has won a high court battle .
northern ireland secretary theresa villiers has announced a # 1bn redundancy scheme for the northern ireland executive .
the manufacturer of a silicone breast implant made by french breast implant maker rtl says it has found a fuelative product .
australia 's prime minister , barnaby joyce , is a symbol of the nation 's power games .
drugs with an estimated street value of # 50,000 have been uncovered at a former cinema in fife .
the number of mental health patients being discharged from hospital in england has fallen by a third in a year , according to a report .
captain chris gunter says wales have been underachieved by their failure to qualify for euro 2016 .
a retired priest has appeared in court accused of assaulting pupils at a school in inverness in the 1970s .
a technologist who built a robot on his computer system is to be part of a new festival .
a teenager has been jailed for life for the murder of a teenager in south - east london .
great britain 's scott waites says he is ` ` feeling painful '' after winning the bdo world championship .
leicester riders will face newcastle thunder in sunday 's british basketball league play - off final at the o2 arena .
some of the uk 's best - selling ice cream products have been revealed by a consumer group .
an investigation is under way after a prisoner suffered serious hand injuries when he was restrained by a police officer .
a new escalator at one of london 's busiest railway stations is to be trialled .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead in a flat in londonderry .
in the far north - eastern town of sekal , a small town in the north - eastern syrian city of aleppo , the vast majority of people are still waiting for their jobs .
the bbc 's geeta pandey in delhi has found a lake of the world 's largest lakes , delhi .
more than 30 people have been evacuated from their homes after a fire broke out in west lothian .
the final three people killed in a collapse at a coal - fired site in rhondda cynon taff have been identified .
the bitcoin virtual currency has been hit by a cyber - attack on its platform , bitcoin .
more than 1,400 people have been sexually abused in pakistan 's north - west , according to a charity .
staff at a kent prison are being put at risk by ` ` inhumane '' levels , a watchdog has warned .
when former england striker darren campbell was arrested on suspicion of match - fixing , he will never be able to make his football again .
former us secretary of state rex tillerson has been sworn in as the new chief executive of the federal department .
teachers in wales will be recruited by the welsh government to improve their teaching skills , the education minister has announced .
at least 140 people have been killed in an attack on a military base in the libyan city of tripoli .
pepper , the world 's first ` ` robot '' , is to be built in hospitals in japan .
england women 's coach mark sampson has named an unchanged squad for next month 's european championship .
manchester united returned to the top of the premier league with victory over west brom at old trafford .
the uk 's bioenergy energy infrastructure is set to be ` ` significantly reduced '' by 2030 , according to a new report .
manchester united midfielder victor valdes has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club until the end of the season .
three - time tour de france winner chris froome has been left badly injured after crashing his bike .
a car dealership has been badly damaged in a suspected fire which left about 100 cars badly injured .
` ` it 's a good thing to come , '' said the two - time major winner of the open championship .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
tesco has reported a rise in full - year sales in the first three months of the year .
an increase in the number of leatherback turtles off the welsh coast is ` ` absolutely perfect '' , according to conservationists .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the first guantanamo bay detainee to be freed from the us has been freed , his lawyer says .
northern ireland 's joseph donnelly has been knocked out of the olympic games in rio by a split decision .
the co - pilot of the germanwings aeroplane that crashed in the french alps is still missing , investigators say .
the number of teachers in england who have been convicted of cruelty against children has increased by a year .
a section of the m1 in birmingham has been closed for more than two hours after a plane crash .
the us federal reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate by 0.5 % in the first three months of 2017 .
a cyber - thieves have launched a cyber attack on norwich international airport 's information website on the site .
the scottish government has lost a legal challenge to the decision to grant planning permissions for three offshore wind farms .
wales will receive # 2.7 m in funding from the welsh government to improve transport and infrastructure .
the number of people receiving care in england has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , figures show .
two pieces of art by walt disney 's iconic film snow white have sold for # 10,000 at auction .
the bbc 's annual bbc proms will be held at hull 's royal albert hall next month .
great britain 's marcus ellis and marcus langridge have become the first british players to win the olympic badminton championships .
david haye says he will ` ` pay and take any punishment '' if he fails to defend his title against tony bellew .
wales ' euro 2016 campaign ended in a ` ` rollercoaster '' moment when they came to an end on thursday .
dr congo 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter - finals were dealt a major blow as they drew 1 - 1 with cape verde in their opening match of the tournament .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has denied he ordered the finance minister to create a national emergency team .
iran 's first female parliament has won a record number of women in the first round of parliamentary elections .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone says there is ` ` no reason '' for unrest in bahrain .
newcastle united have signed full - back daryl janmaat from feyenoord for an undisclosed fee .
john ward beat american john isner to become the first british player to reach the davis cup quarter - finals .
a man who inflicted serious brain injuries on a three - week - old baby has been jailed for four years .
plaid cymru has said there will be ` ` hell will freeze over '' before the general election .
a stalker who was jailed for stalking her friend has had her jail sentence cut by more than two years .
three special schools in edinburgh have been forced to close after a wall collapsed during storm gertrude last year .
cardiff devils head coach dane bowns says his side 's elite league play - off hopes will be the best team in the world .
aer lingus has announced it is ending its long - running air service between october and september .
the scottish government 's plan to drop the tax freeze has been ` ` over the top '' , finance minister john swinney has said .
a motorcyclist has been airlifted to hospital after falling on a ceredigion beach .
a controlled explosion is under way after a suspected world war two device was found at a quarry in dorset .
two men have been jailed for stealing stolen sheep worth [ UNK ] # 25,000 from farms in county durham .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of rape and attempted murder after a woman was attacked at a railway station .
brewer sabmiller has raised its takeover offer for rival sabmiller inbev .
workers at drinks giant diageo are to go on strike in a dispute over changes to their pensions .
the premier league has agreed a new deal with nbc universal to provide overseas tv coverage of the champions league .
people born in the early 1980s are likely to find it harder to build up wealth , according to a think tank .
a man has been found guilty of kidnapping and robbing his ex - partner in a stolen car .
footballers and celebrities are being investigated by hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- as part of an investigation into their tax affairs .
a doctor who took # 10,000 in a # 10,000 loan to a man who asked him for # 10,000 has been struck off .
the founding member of the seminal guitar band , the group of the 1960s and 70s , has died at the age of 89 .
a man who conned people out of # 80,000 has been jailed for five years .
the green party has launched its general election campaign with a ` ` bold message '' ahead of its election campaign .
a washing machine company in county durham is to become the first in the uk to be exported from overseas .
police in pakistan are investigating the murders of a christian couple in the north - west of the country .
ukip leader nigel farage has predicted a ` ` breakthrough '' in the uk 's local elections in wales .
accrington stanley boss john coleman has criticised the football league 's decision to cancel their league two matches .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in belfast 's biggest gay pride festival , organisers have said .
the new artistic director of the arts , mark quince , has argued that the west end is not self - funded .
it 's one of the biggest sporting events in the world - and it 's the most famous sporting event in wales .
league two side sheffield wednesday have signed sheffield wednesday midfielder jake wildsmith on a season - long loan deal .
shares in cyprus have fallen sharply after the country 's largest lender agreed to hold a bailout deal .
the number of people arrested on duty - free flights at uk airports has risen by more than a third in a year .
sri lanka 's embassy in saudi arabia is trying to reach a group of women who have been imprisoned for more than a decade .
a senior police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- who was suspended for gross misconduct has received a payout .
police have launched an investigation into allegations of electoral malpractice in the tower hamlets mayoral election .
england 's luke fleetwood and tom harman share the lead at the us open after two rounds of the tournament .
an edinburgh taxi driver who took more than 100 photographs of passengers in his cab is to go on display .
a woman has been found guilty of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in glasgow .
mexico 's attorney - general has sacked the chief executive of the country 's highest - ranked restaurant , the government says .
the united nations ' human rights council has defended its membership of the un 's human rights body , despite criticism of its membership .
the chief constable of humberside police has written to head teachers asking them to take their leave .
drivers using their mobile phones during a police operation have been caught using mobile phones while they are high up .
the chairman of the commons standards watchdog , sir kevin branson , has been accused of breaching house of commons standards .
turkey 's ruling ak party has approved a new law which will allow the police to carry anti - government protesters .
a 21-year - old man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences .
a time capsule found in a bridge in the highlands more than 120 years ago has been returned to scotland .
the bodies of five people who died in a helicopter crash in gwynedd have been recovered , police have said .
a fish which went missing from a shopping centre after flooding has been found in a flooded car park .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on wednesday , lifted by gains in oil prices .
a statue of former watford manager graham taylor will be erected at the club 's stadium in hertfordshire .
too many pupils in england will have to study subjects at gcse , the head of of ofsted has said .
team sky boss dave brailsford says he is ` ` not proud '' of the way his team took drugs .
a teenager has been found guilty of trying to persuade a former soldier to join the so - called islamic state group .
the leader of the labour party is to make a strong case for the uk to leave the european union .
rescuers in the indonesian province of banda aceh are searching for survivors of a massive earthquake that has killed at least 19 people .
graham taylor , who has died at the age of 67 , was a ` ` much - loved character '' and ` ` great '' .
india 's dalit community is in the midst of a decade of economic growth , according to new research .
the story of jane austen 's pride and prejudice is to go on display for the first time .
shares in one of the world 's biggest cruise companies , carnival , have jumped after it reported a fall in profits .
a health watchdog has issued an action plan to improve care for older people in hospital in aberdeen .
harlequins reached the european challenge cup quarter - finals with victory over harlequins .
relatives of the victims of a fire at a nursery in colombia have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for the director of staff .
a busy road in manchester city centre has been closed after a sinkhole opened up in the city centre .
netflix has announced that it is expanding its streaming service in china , with more than 9 % higher than expected .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has announced a reshuffle of his front bench for the first time .
gloucester cathedral is recruiting more than 1,000 teenage girls for the first time in its history .
surrey police is ` ` not good enough '' to tackle organised crime , its chief constable has said .
mae prif weinidogion yng nghymru wedi cael eu meddygon teulu yng nghymru yng nghymru .
a man sent a ` ` dirty look '' picture of a police officer and a police community support officer to the uk , a court has heard .
kenya 's supreme court has ruled that the electoral commission will not be allowed to print ballot papers for the presidential election .
ukip is ` ` at a crossroads '' and needs to be ` ` energised '' with the party , its chairman iain banks has said .
a fishing boat has been towed to safety after getting into difficulties off the north west coast of scotland .
five police officers have appeared in court charged with gross misconduct over alleged misuse of the force 's helicopter .
the head of the uk 's universities has called for an end to ` ` radical ideas '' .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2 - 1 victory over manchester united was ` ` not celebrating '' .
ukip mp natalie thornberry has apologised for posting a picture of a house in rochester , kent .
the sale of ferguson 's shipbuilders has been boosted by the takeover of the clyde .
france 's president has marked the 70th anniversary of the liberation of nazi concentration camps in nazi germany .
the trader at the centre of the ` ` flash crash '' scandal in the us , sarao , has appeared in court .
a 79-year - old man has died after being hit by a car while attempting to rescue a hospice .
a gene that causes male infertility may be hampering the ability to make sperm , say researchers .
cuts to adult social care budgets in england are ` ` unacceptable '' , according to a report .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ricky has been finding out how we work with robots .
researchers in the czech republic have produced a novel novel way of measuring the strength of the rocks of rocks .
two people have been taken to hospital after a group of people were attacked at a north wales office .
the european parliament has condemned the appointment of former european commission president manuel barroso as a ` ` worst disservice '' .
an exhibition of six self - timers taking photographs of bristol 's clifton suspension bridge has opened .
tributes have been paid to a former glamorgan cricketer who died after being hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff .
a man has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after two children were hit by a car in leeds .
carmaker seat says it is working on how to deal with the emissions scandal that has affected millions of new cars .
southampton manager claude puel says midfielder virgil van dijk will remain at the club until the end of the season .
johnston press , the publisher of the scotsman newspaper , has reported a sharp fall in full - year profits .
the main rail line between reading and reading could be closed for the rest of the year , network rail has said .
a teenager who survived the hillsborough disaster said he did not see the teenager philip when the crush started .
nine children have been taken to hospital after a ` ` large '' slide fell into a dorset carnival .
a man who killed 19 cats in california in 2015 has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for animal cruelty .
ireland 's women 's hockey team lost 4 - 0 to wales in the eurohockey championships in kuala lumpur .
former formula 1 driver christian horner says the sport 's decision to hold a british grand prix was ` ` not viable '' .
northern ireland is in a ` ` global race for investment and jobs '' , secretary of state theresa villiers has said .
james mcclean and darren randolph have been added to the republic of ireland 's squad for euro 2016 .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower after disappointing results from the us federal reserve .
a man has been threatened with a hammer during an aggravated burglary at a house in antrim .
police are treating the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in essex as suspicious .
plans to scrap bursaries for student nurses in england and wales have been criticised by campaigners .
american matt dufner carded a six - under - par 65 to move into the final round of the wells fargo championship in south carolina .
when i first met the bbc 's andrew marr show on the first day of the first test against england at edgbaston , henry was an iconic character .
a convicted drug dealer has been jailed for hiding # 230,000 in his wife 's garden .
britain 's richard jung won the badminton horse trials for the first time in more than 40 years as he took the title .
the us ambassador to the united states has praised the importance of ` ` special relationship '' between britain and the uk .
the national trust has announced plans for the restoration of a grade i - listed stately home .
police in iran say they have arrested five people in connection with a video apparently showing them dancing to pop star robbie williams .
the tour de france will be investigated after an incident in which a british rider was racially abused .
three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the a34 in oxfordshire .
the university of aberdeen has apologised to staff and staff after asbestos was found at a building .
the mayor of sao paulo has promised to re - open the city 's crackland in a crackland crackland operation .
peru 's president , ollanta humala , has vowed to create a ` ` great transformation '' of the country .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street shares closed lower on thursday after disappointing results from the federal reserve .
the irish foreign minister has urged the irish government to push for the release of an irishman accused of inciting violence .
connacht moved to within a point of the pro12 play - offs with a hard - fought victory over the ospreys .
a selection of photographs from around the world have gone on show at brighton 's o2 arena .
leeds rhinos ' hopes of reaching the super league play - offs were dented as they lost to st helens .
conservative zac goldsmith has been elected as london 's next mayor , winning the contest to become the next mayor .
a car has collided with a tank in norway , killing two people and injuring two others , police say .
a second inquest into the death of poppi worthington has been adjourned in cumbria .
russian football supporters ' leader alexei shprygin has been deported to france after being expelled from france .
the bbc 's spending in london and london increased by more than a third last year , according to the corporation .
a russian court has convicted opposition politician alexei navalny of corruption and sentenced him to four years in prison .
the leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- , jim murphy , has said the party has been ` ` infiltrated by the party '' .
great britain 's men 's hockey team have been named in their squad for the 2018 winter olympics .
the owner of a desk and chair used by charles dickens has been given a # 10,000 lottery grant .
the catholic church in the dominican republic is at the centre of a long - running immigration crisis .
soldiers who served in afghanistan and afghanistan are to be added to the next round of redundancies .
gianni infantino has been officially opened as the new president of south sudan 's football federation .
british number one johanna konta beat american karen krunic in the us open semi - finals to reach the quarter - finals .
oscar - winning film the lion king is among 25 new additions to the us library of america .
archaeologists in northern ireland have found the remains of a potted site in slievenacloy , county antrim .
the scottish government has apologised to a chinese consortium over a # 10bn deal to build infrastructure in scotland .
the number of poppy farms in afghanistan has increased by 10 % in the last year , according to un officials .
hull city striker nick clucas has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .
the father of an 11-year - old girl who raised more than $ 2,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,000 -rrb- to fund cancer treatment in yemen has said he has been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the need to pay her life savings .
scientists have developed a computer system that can track the behaviour of butterflies by migrating across the pacific ocean .
mps from the welsh assembly should be offered a bigger role in the assembly , according to an expert .
the european court of justice -lrb- eaw -rrb- , the eu 's anti - terrorism watchdog , has said .
the syrian government and the united states have agreed a deal to end a three - month ceasefire .
two men have been arrested after heroin with an estimated street value of more than # 50,000 were seized in cardiff .
people are being invited to take part in an event in powys to discuss plans for a travellers ' site .
the swiss people 's proposal to change the country 's free movement of people has been rejected by the european union .
cambridge united have signed striker kurt guthrie from colchester united for an undisclosed fee , with the option of a further year .
shih yau , the leader of hong kong 's pro - democracy movement , is one of the most controversial politicians in the world .
hull fc made a winning start to the super league season with a comfortable victory over catalans dragons .
four people have been charged with kidnapping and kidnapping a mentally disabled teenager in chicago , in a racially aggravated assault .
britain 's lizzie armitstead won stage four of the women 's tour with victory in stage four .
the number of plastic bags used by people in england and wales has risen by more than a third in a year .
two men have been charged in connection with a series of rapes and sexual offences involving a woman .
christian wade 's second - half hat - trick helped premiership strugglers worcester beat premiership strugglers wasps .
shares in asia fell in early trading on wednesday following disappointing results from federal reserve chair janet yellen .
jurassic world star brad pratt has become the highest - paid hollywood star in the us box office .
a british military officer accused of indecently assaulting a woman in uganda has told a court martial he was ` ` very angry '' .
a man has been jailed for four years for killing a scooter passenger who died after he was hit by his friend .
work to regenerate dundee 's waterfront has been completed with a # 500,000 contract .
the earliest known letter written by john lennon is to be sold at auction for # 1,000 .
a 79-year - old woman has spoken of her frustration after thieves stole jewellery from her home .
plans to protect a coastal railway line which was damaged in storms last year are being considered by network rail .
an assembly member has questioned whether a company had been awarded a # 39 m deal to buy timber from a sawmill company in the timber industry .
five churches in herefordshire and herefordshire have been given grants worth more than # 100,000 .
the father of a father who took his daughter to florida during term - time absence has won a legal challenge .
david cameron 's family has been talking about how to ensure his family 's wealth is paid to their children .
pavements in hull city centre are ` ` gobblingygook '' , a teacher has said .
bees in the wild are playing a role in the decline of their brains , according to a study .
a pub owner has said he has been barred from serving a group of bikers after he was told he was not discriminatory .
devon and cornwall 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pccs -rrb- has announced he will not be re - elected .
the scottish government has published a new code which will require police to stop and search people for illegal items .
the pilot of a military plane that crashed in myanmar last month died from ` ` adverse weather '' , officials say .
heavy rain has hit northern germany and germany , with heavy rain and travel warnings of heavy rain across europe .
liverpool 's fa cup semi - final against nottingham forest was not the only way to play , inquests have heard .
a leading campaigner has called for a legal euthanasia law to be introduced in england and wales .
whistleblowers have spoken of the ` ` bullying and bullying '' at a company run by a former boss .
alfie walsh and alfie boe are to join team gb 's official singles for the first time .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a second man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an 18-year - old was shot in warwickshire .
in the wake of the fatal shooting of a man at a mosque in quebec , the canadian province was deeply divided .
the united nations says it has held 21 chibok schoolgirls who were abducted by boko haram militants in nigeria .
the president of the european union has accused david cameron of being ` ` weak '' in the wake of the ebola crisis .
mansfield striker matt green says he turned into a ` ` new era '' after his departure from the league two club .
the number of motorcyclists killed on london 's roads last year has risen by more than 50 % since 2010 , according to transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
a football player has been banned for four years for assaulting a referee during a match in portugal .
boreham wood have signed bristol rovers striker joe lucas on loan until the end of the season , with the option of a further year .
tens of thousands of anti - government protesters have taken to the streets of thailand 's capital , bangkok .
the number of fraudsters trying to steal their pension savings has risen since the introduction of new rules came into effect , the information commissioner says .
rangers have signed winger craig gordon from stoke city for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
donald trump 's obscene remarks about hillary clinton and hillary clinton 's sexual assault have caused a flurry of controversy .
in the heart of turkey 's failed coup , the bbc 's fethullah gulen college is in the centre of the country .
images of the world 's best known offshore oil rigs have been released by the highland firth .
a woman has been chosen to become the first ` ` dedicated hedgehog officer '' in ipswich .
kent 's sam northeast made a career - best 254 as his side dominated essex on day two at chelmsford .
the number of nurses being unfilled for three months has risen by more than a third in a year .
four police officers have been injured in a ` ` reckless '' shooting at a shop in central london .
a man who died in an explosion at his home was ` ` like an airstrike '' , an inquest has heard .
more than 1,000 people have been evacuated in chile as firefighters tackle a series of forest fires .
british number one johanna konta says she has a ` ` massive amount '' to ` ` grow '' in her game .
sunderland boss dick advocaat has left the club by mutual consent after just eight games in charge .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from a volcano in guatemala after a series of explosions , officials say .
the uk government has launched a new ` ` shared ownership taskforce '' plan aimed at boosting the energy market .
a man who admitted posting ` ` grossly offensive '' comments on facebook about a toddler has been jailed for six years .
britain 's jamie ward says he is ` ` worried '' about his match against andy murray at the miami open .
one of scotland 's largest food suppliers , harbro , has reported a sharp rise in profits .
more than 13,000 pupils will be able to attend a new year 's eve bus service in surrey .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has agreed to lead an investigation into the sale of nama 's northern ireland assets .
an assembly member has warned that a ` ` soft '' border between northern ireland and ireland could be an incentive for trade .
george the world 's best - selling robber is n't afraid of going to shop .
terry young , the creator of superted , is to make a new series of welsh - language animations .
prince harry has captured footage of a crocodile on his final day in australia 's northern territory - the first such trip to australia .
the former chief of russia 's opposition opposition , alexei navalny , has been found guilty of corruption .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a man was arrested at his home in south london .
an international conservation fund is attempting to reintroduce one of the world 's most threatened threatened threatened species .
nato - led forces in afghanistan have agreed to pull out of wardak , the afghan military says .
romelu lukaku scored twice as everton came from behind to beat west brom at the hawthorns .
new zealand 's prime minister john key has announced he is to resign , saying he ` ` left nothing in the tank '' .
a pilot has been taken to hospital after he was forced to make an approach to land as a fast jet .
jk rowling 's jk rowling cake has been added to the list of official cakes for this year 's harry potter festival .
crime gangs in england and wales are more likely to get into education , according to a new study .
raith rovers and airdrieonians were held to a goalless draw at home to airdrieonians .
jose mourinho 's ` ` technical theatre '' is the perfect example of chelsea manager antonio conte .
a jihadist group in yemen has vowed to re - establish the government of ansar al - sharia .
a judge in brazil has halted construction work on a controversial dam in the south - west of the country .
the number of homeowners in the uk fell by 3 % in june , according to official figures .
a canadian woman has described how she and her four - year - old son escaped a fire in their home .
billy duckett and billy bell - drummond are capable of playing international cricket , according to former england coach graham flower .
a couple from county londonderry have become the first female umpire to take officiate a senior match .
ben murdoch - masila 's late drop - goal earned castleford victory over salford in super league .
the number of potholes in the north - east of england is set to rise over the next four years .
former world champion graeme swann says her return to the gb rowing squad will be ` ` quite exciting '' .
a master plan to regenerate pembrokeshire town centre has been submitted to the borough council for the first time .
the met police are to carry out a review of security at parliament after a security breach in the grounds of the palace of westminster .
a second - half brace from derek mcmanus helped greenock morton to victory over alloa athletic .
russia won their first medal of the rio olympics with victory over russia in the men 's individual epee .
the scottish government has begun work to improve the a9 between berriedale braes and berriedale braes .
a convicted drug dealer who was arrested on suspicion of drugs offences has been returned to prison for two years .
former nigeria coach stephen keshi has been sacked by the nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- .
a russian orchestra has staged a concert in the ancient city of palmyra in a show of support for the syrian government .
donald trump has been ` ` exceptionally hostile '' towards the us , according to the eiu .
plans to convert a former gay nightclub into flats into flats have been given the go - ahead .
turkey says it has recovered 16 data from a russian jet that was shot down in syria last month .
widnes vikings will continue using an artificial pitch after the super league game against salford on saturday .
plans for a second consultation on the future of two pembrokeshire primary schools have been approved by councillors .
police have carried out a search of a house in carmarthenshire following the westminster terror attack .
smartphone maker blackberry has reported a pre - tax loss for the three months to march , boosted by the success of the z10 handset .
armed police officers in scotland are ` ` entirely appropriate '' , a senior officer has told msps .
a pilot scheme to force traffic wardens to patrol illegal parking outside a school was scrapped , the bbc has learned .
ten scots have been selected to represent great britain at the world athletics championships in glasgow on sunday . .
farmers in the uk will be affected by changes to milk quotas , following the introduction of quotas .
bosses at a west yorkshire golf club have apologised to customers who bought tickets for a christmas event .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has accused rival ted cruz of ` ` stealing '' the iowa caucuses .
the death of toddler liam payne was a ` ` break in contact '' from his nursery , a court has heard .
christians in the west bank are celebrating the birth of jesus , the first such birth in the world .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a machete was found in south - east london .
pro - ukrainian rebels in eastern ukraine have launched a series of cyber - attacks .
hospital patients in wales with symptoms of sepsis are less likely to be diagnosed quickly enough , a study has shown .
a horse - drawn carriage has returned to london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
at least four people have been killed in an ambush in nigeria 's north - east , a university has said .
the use of cladding on high - rise flats in the wake of the grenfell tower fire has failed , the prime minister has said .
the royal mint is to launch a new 12-sided version of the 12-sided # 1 coin .
zinedine zidane 's reign as real madrid manager ended in defeat by la liga leaders barcelona .
a man who posted offensive messages on facebook has had his firearms licence revoked after a court ruled he was unfit to hold a firearms licence .
the uk government has been accused of breaching human rights laws by failing to meet its human rights record .
greece 's new democracy party has won sunday 's general election , with the socialist party leading to a third term in office .
stoke city captain lee johnson has signed a new three - year contract with the league two club . .
a man accused of attacking a postman with acid in his face was ` ` very bloodshot '' , a court has heard .
glasgow warriors fly - half jonny gray has signed a new three - year contract with the club .
a man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in south - west london , police have said .
a woman has died after she was hit by a train on a level crossing in east anglia , police have said .
liverpool ladies have signed defender mandy van den berg from liverpool ladies for the 2017 women 's super league season .
jamie johnston scored a last - minute winner as kilcoo beat kilcoo 1 - 14 to 0 - 9 in the all - ireland football final .
the wedgwood museum 's collection has been sold to the public for # 1.5 m.
south sudan 's president has sacked the entire cabinet of his cabinet , following a bitter political crisis .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader 's announcement that the party 's leader in east belfast is to be a ` ` great deal '' .
the fbi says it is ` ` very worried '' that apple will not allow police to access data on mobile devices .
tranmere rovers trio joe kirby and joe goxton have signed new contracts with the league two club .
welshman liam ormond won the vacant wbo light - heavyweight title with a unanimous points decision in las vegas .
a north lanarkshire man has been jailed for two years for submiting fake vat returns .
a man from sierra leone , who has been refused a home in the uk , says he is ` ` devastated '' to be turned down .
a cardiff - based software firm has won a multi - million pound contract to run price comparison websites .
a 21-year - old man has died after being found seriously injured in a flat in dumfries .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is a key role in tackling the rise of terrorism , according to a new report .
a pub run by a community group has been named the uk 's first ` ` real ale '' award .
china and the us have pledged to work with north korea to help deal with the crisis in north korea .
china is one of the world 's fastest - growing economies , but it is also one of asia 's most important economies .
the government has announced that it will raise the bank levy on all of the uk 's biggest banks .
ross county have signed former poland international goalkeeper sernas on a two - year deal after he left the club .
venezuela 's national assembly has been temporarily temporarily halted after a power cut in the capital , caracas .
a 76-year - old woman has died after being hit by a bin lorry in edinburgh .
the rolling stones are ` ` definitely happening '' , according to the band 's chairman dean richards .
the majority of children aged 11 to 15 are allowed to go out alone in their local area , according to a new study .
india 's prime minister narendra modi 's surprise victory at the menlo park shopping centre in london was a surprise .
saracens winger anthony watson has been named in the england squad for the six nations opener against italy .
pilots could be able to control aircraft , according to a new technology developed by the uk airline industry .
arsenal midfielder xhaka has been racially abused at heathrow airport , the bbc has learned .
britain 's spencer spencer has won the bbc sports personality of the year award for the first time .
wales coach warren gatland said his side were ` ` not good enough '' to beat south africa in their opening world cup match .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
england fly - half nick abendanon says he has changed his mind on signing for the european rugby football union .
partick thistle came from behind to draw with ross county and end ross county 's unbeaten run .
synthetic kidneys could be used as a template for organ transplants , according to us researchers in the us .
hearts head coach ian cathro says the club are ` ` wasting their time '' to sign jamie walker .
olympic champion greg rutherford broke his own british record to win the great manchester run and become the first man to do so .
the nhs in england is facing a new all - out strike in a dispute over emergency care and emergency cover .
the new generation of welsh mps have been given the chance to get their jobs at westminster , but what do they expect ?
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend says his side 's play - off match against edinburgh will be ` ` important '' for his players .
fans of grand theft auto v have been given the chance to make the game 's best - selling computer game .
an inquiry into the government 's decision to leave the european union is to be launched by mps .
an inquiry into historical child abuse in north wales has been launched by the home secretary , bbc wales has learned .
a double - decker bus had to be towed free by a vehicle , according to a farmer .
the chief constable of the irish police -lrb- [ UNK ] -rrb- has said the force needs to recruit more officers every year .
a cat who has been stealing christmas presents for his owner has been ` ` deeply sorry '' .
the head teacher of a birmingham free school has been criticised by prime minister david cameron for ` ` too much '' .
cardiff city midfielder sean hoilett has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .
burton albion boss nigel clough says he is close to signing former england under-21 defender shaun barker .
south africa 's government has decided to pull out of the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
police scotland has apologised to a former pupil who claims she was sexually abused at a school in aberdeen .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in greater manchester , police said .
the united nations says it has found that the use of sarin or a chemical weapon in syria was a ` ` large number '' .
a competition to find out the uk 's favourite trees at this year 's world cup has been launched .
venezuela has accused chile of ` ` extortion '' over its detention of a prominent journalist on an island in venezuela .
up to 100 jobs have been lost at a packaging factory in lisburn , county , following the closure of the site .
xbox gamers will soon be able to buy a new console on the xbox one , microsoft has announced .
germany reached the women 's euro 2017 quarter - finals with a 2 - 1 victory over denmark .
derby county moved to within three points of the championship play - off places with victory over ipswich town .
the family of a woman who died in a texas prison cell say she tried to kill herself while she was arrested .
ryder cup captain davis love says he is ` ` thrilled '' to pick us ryder cup - winning captain bubba watson as europe captain .
children with type 1 diabetes in wales are more likely to need hospital care than those with the condition , a study has found .
a huge sinkhole opened up in the brazilian city of sao paulo has opened up a massive sinkhole .
hungary is one of the world 's longest - serving countries , but it is also a relatively modern country .
a ` ` controlling bully '' who smuggled firearms into the uk has been jailed for life .
a scottish woman who was caught with an estimated street value of more than [ UNK ] # 1.5 m of cocaine in peru has arrived in glasgow .
nigeria 's government says it has launched a crackdown on militant islamist group boko haram .
chelsea captain john terry will miss the rest of the season after being sent off for a second yellow card .
a us judge has issued a temporary injunction against president donald trump 's decision to transfer sanctuary cities to san francisco .
london 's first ` ` solarbox '' phone boxes are being rolled out across public spaces .
torquay united boss kevin nicholson says his side 's ` ` will to improve '' after their 1 - 0 defeat by tranmere rovers .
welsh mixed martial arts boss stephen johns says he would like to see lynda rousey become the next welsh fighter .
the new shopping centre in newport is to open on time for the first time in more than a decade .
the us space agency 's new horizons probe is due to flyby of the dwarf planet pluto .
jason day carded a four - under - par 65 to win the arnold palmer invitational in florida .
a canadian man has been arrested in connection with a suspected drug smuggling operation in the us , officials say .
india has revised down its growth forecast for the world 's third largest economy , according to official figures .
a 21-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of racially aggravated abuse after a football fan was arrested in londonderry .
ipswich town defender matt taylor says the club should be run for the first time in the league two season .
aberdeen and edinburgh are the most likely to suffer from the impact of brexit , according to a new study .
survivors of saturday 's earthquake in nepal have told the bbc they are ` ` heartbroken and heartbroken '' .
plans to demolish two of brighton 's former flats have been described as ` ` poor '' by residents .
a man has been arrested after a ` ` large '' of cannabis plants were found in kent .
england will face sri lanka in the world twenty20 semi - finals after a thrilling victory over sri lanka .
nigeria 's president goodluck jonathan has criticised the parents of girls who escaped from boko haram militants .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a shopkeeper in a glasgow shopkeeper .
beekeepers in the uk are being asked to help them find out why they are from the european union .
leeds rhinos went top of the super league table with a comfortable victory over warrington wolves at headingley .
three baby otters in the us have been living in a aquarium in abu dhabi , in america .
a man has been charged with three counts of attempted murder after two bomb blasts in the canadian city of winnipeg .
mexican finance minister luis videgaray has been sacked by the country 's finance ministry after a meeting with donald trump .
the efl cup quarter - finals will be shown live on saturday with championship leaders chelsea and manchester united both teams .
a candid letter written by author helen ellis has sold for # 1,500 at auction in wiltshire .
the queen was ` ` very rude to the chinese ambassador '' during the state visit of president xi jinping .
the safety of the jet which crashed in the shoreham air disaster was ` ` unacceptable '' , investigators have said .
a mystery ticket holder has been asked to check their old tickets for a national lottery draw in wales .
welsh labour leader andrew rt davies has said the welsh assembly should not be re - run in a referendum .
karim benzema has appeared in court in france accused of attempting to blackmail and blackmail his friend , according to his lawyer .
the mother of a man who was stabbed to death at his home said she ` ` ca n't believe it will take forever '' .
the world 's fastest - growing region is the fastest - growing region in the world , according to a new report .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the nature of africa 's biggest diamonds .
liverpool striker raheem sterling will not be offered a new contract , according to manager brendan rodgers .
an inquiry into undercover policing will ` ` expose creditable and discreditable conduct '' , the lord chief justice has said .
lewis hamilton said he was ` ` all over the place '' after a crash in the belgian grand prix .
kyle coetzer believes scotland 's ` ` incredible '' world twenty20 win over afghanistan is crucial to their reputation .
struggling guiseley came from behind to beat struggling ebbsfleet 2 - 1 in the national league .
scotland 's education minister has launched an online resource to help address the attainment gap between children .
league two side carlisle united have signed defender jose pedro from fc copenhagen on a two - year deal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the london market closed lower , with shares in airlines and airline flybe leading the way after it agreed a takeover deal .
two men who died in a ` ` flashover '' explosion at a building in southampton have been identified .
nigeria 's former president , amos adamu , has denied allegations he breached world football 's governing body .
activity in the uk 's manufacturing sector has fallen for the fourth month in a row , according to a closely watched survey .
thousands of people have gathered in newcastle for the first time since the start of the world rowing cup .
tv writer katie hopkins has apologised to the family of a muslim family who were ` ` extremists '' at disneyland in the us .
president donald trump has introduced new restrictions on people travelling to the united states , in his first major immigration policy .
a gay vicar has said he will not be allowed to work in another job within the church of england .
bristol city 's hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they were held to a draw by bristol city .
russia 's top prison officer has been arrested in connection with the construction of a mountain road in the far north of the country .
burton albion moved to within two points of the championship play - off places with victory over birmingham city .
us president donald trump has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the price of bonds has fallen sharply .
an investigation is under way after a telephone shop was targeted by scammers using its mobile phone .
leicester city have signed riyad ali from le havre for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
tributes have been paid to the victims of the manchester arena attack which left two people dead and another seriously injured .
` ` i ' m a woman in a man 's world 's best , '' says a senior referee .
a company has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a worker who died in a chemical tank .
manchester city 's hopes of reaching the premier league play - offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by swansea .
britain 's chris froome remains in contention to win the tour de france after stage three of the criterium contador .
it 's the most common type of activity in your life and you ' ve been using your mobile phone .
work has begun on the demolition of the former floyle steel factory in londonderry , which has been closed .
a father who murdered his nine - year - old daughter in torfaen has been jailed for life .
an 87-year - old woman who was unable to attend her funeral in new zealand has said she is still waiting for a new visa .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the north - east nigeria .
burnley defender danny andrew has been given a 12-match suspension by the football association for violent conduct during his side 's 2 - 2 draw with burnley .
a ` ` revolutionary '' treatment of hiv could help protect people against the virus , say researchers .
athletics chiefs in russia have been accused of using ` ` clean urine '' inside a mixed zone at the world athletics championships .
` ` it 's the world 's biggest sporting event in history , '' says the chief executive of the sport 's governing body .
police investigating the attempted murder of a couple at their home in kent have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to .
the future of co - operative housing in wales is at the top of the uk , according to a new report .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
police in canada are investigating after a helicopter made a loudspeaker conversation on a customer 's desk .
the sun on sunday has been given more time to appeal against a ban on the naming of a celebrity .
lancashire climbed to second in the division one table with a five - wicket victory over hampshire at headingley .
police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was raped in a dundee bus station on new year 's eve .
drivers on the luas tram system in dublin have voted to accept pay rises in a pay dispute .
united states striker becky morgan has signed a new three - year contract with lyon , subject to international clearance .
police have said they are treating the death of a man found dead in a house in west belfast as suspicious .
bolivia 's constitutional court has voted to allow president evo morales to run for a third term .
prof stephen hawking , the former head of google 's website , is launching an experiment in space .
the head teacher of an academy accused of encouraging pupils to change their faith has been cleared of misconduct .
when di gilpin 's clothes go into the catwalk , you ' ve never heard of it .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower after disappointing results from south africa 's government .
hearts head coach john doncaster believes the scottish premiership 's top - six finish this season will be ` ` as much as last '' .
everton have sacked manager ronald koeman as manager on a three - year contract , bbc radio 5 live has learned .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder after the death of a woman in a dundee street .
mae heddlu ' r gogledd wedi cadarnhau yn cael eu dynes oed oed wedi cael eu bod yn yn yng nghaerdydd .
the owner of a dog that killed a toddler has called for a ` ` complete review '' of the rules on dangerous dogs .
a hoard of 1,000 anglo - saxon coins has been uncovered in county donegal .
former scotland defender bruno alves says he would have joined rangers this summer because he had expectations to join them .
benedict cumberbatch has accused the actor of using the word ` ` coloured '' to describe benedict cumberbatch as ` ` a compliment '' .
northern ireland 's martin sharvin carded a six - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the australian open .
scotland 's men 's hockey head coach andy forsyth says home advantage is helping them win the european hockey championship .
fifa 's former vice - president of world cup winner sepp blatter has denied corruption claims were ` ` allowed '' during the bidding process .
victoria and katharina barker were among the parents of their children with down 's syndrome when they were born .
a report into the deaths of four men aboard a fishing boat off the western isles has found lifejacket failed .
a fake news story about kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been circulating on whatsapp .
great britain 's women 's hockey team secured their first win of the women 's world cup with victory over new zealand .
dundee united have completed the signing of ross county 's ross county midfielder david murdoch for an undisclosed fee .
a czech man has been arrested on suspicion of killing his long - term partner in lapland .
the former head of afghanistan 's counter crime department , general ali zahir , has been replaced by a new head of the counter - terrorism department .
a 16-year - old boy has been killed in a collision with a car in south yorkshire .
a man has been jailed for causing the death of a teenager by dangerous driving in a hit - and - run crash .
the football association of wales will support england 's decision to wear poppies at the world cup qualifier against northern ireland on friday .
plaid cymru has launched its general election campaign with a pledge of # 1.2 bn in wales .
a minute 's silence has been held in memory of former togo coach stephen keshi , who died in a match on sunday .
england all - rounder katherine brunt was the only english player to win the women 's big bash league in australia .
an eight - year - old boy has died after being tied to a donkey by a farmer in the northern indian province of abbottabad .
an oil rig is due to arrive at the north caithness offshore wind farm , bbc scotland has learned .
the golden state warriors will face the cleveland cavaliers in the nba play - off final after beating the defending champions .
a 23-year - old man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in south london .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at africa 's most relationships .
the head of the uk 's largest islamic state group has urged muslims to ` ` stand up against terrorism '' .
a head teacher who took his term - time term - time term - time holidays has been suspended by a council .
former aberdeen striker alex mcleish has been appointed as the new coach of egyptian side zamalek .
the number of women being treated for invasive breast cancer in northern ireland is expected to rise by two quarters , according to new research .
kraigg brathwaite 's fine century helped west indies to victory over england in the world twenty20 final .
glamorgan chief executive stuart mott says the club 's poor start to the season is a ` ` helluva lot '' .
when sush purve - jorendal found her mother in india she had a ` ` good life '' , she is looking for her mother .
northern ireland 's health minister has said that the health executive is to spend an extra # 200 m over the next two years .
a panel of senior figures has been set up to investigate the future of de la salle college in belfast .
artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- could help diagnose skin cancer , according to researchers in the us .
mae llywodraethau wedi cael eu cyhoeddi ar gyfer ar gyfer yng nghaerdyddi yn cael eu hysbysebu ar gyntaf trwyddi yn yn caeldyddi cael eu gyfer yr orsaf drwyddi yn yn yng nghaerdyddi .
junior doctors are set to strike in a dispute over a new contract , the head of the profession has said .
a cyclist has died after she hit a pothole in newport , an inquest has been told .
a 28-year - old man has died following a three - vehicle crash in aberdeen .
great britain 's lois toulson won the women 's 400 m platform at the world championships in russia .
an investigation has been launched after a cat died in a suspected poisoning in a denbighshire village .
plans for a # 20 m transport system in cardiff bay have been drawn up by the city council .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has posted a video criticising the rape of a missionary in the city of davao .
the open university -lrb- ou -rrb- has launched a new scheme to help students who are struggling .
an investigation has been launched into the saleafield nuclear fuel reprocessing plant in the isle of man .
a mental health trust in lancashire has been praised for being ` ` truly compassionate '' by inspectors .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the s&p 500 closed at its highest level for more than a year on thursday .
mae dyn wedi cael eu diffoddwyr yng nghaerdydd yn cael eu bosib yn yng nghaerdydd .
kenya 's shara sumgong and mary kirwa both won olympic gold in the women 's marathon in rio .
derby county captain dean keogh has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .
the family of a 47-year - old woman who was murdered in mauritius have said they will not travel to mauritius after her death .
david cameron 's ` ` great success '' of devolution in scotland was a ` ` revolution '' , a former tory peer has said .
deep - sea samples from deep - sea deep - sea samples of the indian monsoon have been uncovered by scientists .
st johnstone moved up to fourth in the scottish premiership with victory over inverness caledonian thistle at st johnstone .
the conviction of rolf harris , who has been convicted of child sex abuse , is being marked in australia .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says its comet - chaser , philae , has woken up and contacted earth .
the authorities in russia have raided the office of non - governmental organisations -lrb- ngos -rrb- .
northern ireland 's agri - food industry is to be created by a new industry body .
iraqi forces have launched an offensive to retake western mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
two people have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a street attack .
a baby deer has been born at a zoo in california in america , in america .   's largest city .
atletico madrid coach diego simeone is one of the greatest players in modern football history - but it is not the greatest achievements of his career .
telecoms regulator ofcom is to take legal action over the planned merger of o2 and three .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of syria - related offences after a police officer was arrested .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said she ` ` never shied away '' from taking responsibility for the party 's general election .
the nominations for this year 's st david awards have been announced , with the shortlist for the 2017 event .
six scottish swimmers have been selected to represent great britain in the rio 2016 olympic games , which starts in september .
manchester city midfielders pep guardiola and manuel valtteri bottasaray will make their first start of the season .
two fly - tippers who illegally dumped more than 40 tonnes of waste in birmingham have been jailed .
prince harry says he is ` ` fired up and energised '' to be ` ` pumped up '' to help hiv - aids .
a woman who was seriously injured in a bus crash in which a friend was killed has spoken of her relief .
an nhs trust has apologised after a takeaway on a pizza shop in newcastle was mistakenly labelled as ` ` racist '' .
actress keira knightley is to make her broadway debut in a new version of the child 's hour .
the mayor of baltimore has announced that the city 's police chief has been ` ` too much '' on the force .
hillary clinton and bernie sanders ' campaign are in the battle for the us presidency , and they ' ve already been the focus of the race for the white house .
great britain reached the quarter - finals of the rugby world cup with a comfortable victory over japan .
a canadian woman has scooped a $ 1 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1 m -rrb- jackpot in a lottery jackpot .
the european commission has opened a legal case to determine whether northern ireland 's water quality will affect water quality .
the new dracula conjuring 2 has topped the us box office in its first weekend of release .
manchester city striker mario balotelli says he has ` ` a very special place '' in his life after winning the premier league .
a church in lincolnshire that was badly damaged in flooding has reopened after a floodlights switch - on .
google has released a street view of the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
judges in england and wales could be able to jail those who film their crimes , under new guidelines .
wayne routledge scored twice as swansea beat charlotte independence in the opening game of the season to move up to second in the premier league .
former greece captain alex karagounis has announced his retirement from international football with the national team .
scientists have created 3d printers to create 3d - printed human cartilage using a 3d printer .
ben carson , the former chief neurosurgeon of the united states , says he is lying about his childhood story .
a catholic priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in the 1980s has been accused of misconduct .
eu ministers are due to hold emergency talks on how to deal with the migrant crisis in eastern europe .
at least 10 sunni tribal fighters have been killed in clashes between islamic state militants and the iraqi city of fallujah , iraqi prime minister haider al - abadi says .
a 24-hour strike by guards on southern rail has been called off , the company has said .
three senior officers have been suspended by greater manchester city council after an investigation into child sex abuse allegations .
first minister nicola sturgeon has said she is ` ` angry '' at the uk government 's response to the refugee crisis .
two lawmakers have urged president barack obama to ` ` move beyond rhetoric '' on gun control after the killing of two people at sandy hook school .
celtic 's pursuit of a top - four place in the scottish premiership has been boosted by a strong start to the season .
theresa may 's meeting with the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- will take place in the next election .
josh taylor says he is ` ` very happy '' to handle the challenge of fellow scot dominic joubert .
police in austria say they have captured a man posing as adolf hitler 's birthplace in the town of braunau .
a piano once owned by king george iii has been returned to brighton 's royal pavilion for the first time .
game of thrones is one of the world 's most famous tourist attractions , but it 's not the best destination .
a man has been cleared of 14 charges of historical sex offences against seven boys in nottingham in the 1980s .
engineering firm dyson has announced plans to expand its headquarters in wiltshire , creating more than 1,000 jobs .
israel 's liberal likud party has won its first parliamentary election since the end of last year 's election .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a bus in north - east london .
a mosque in florida has been switched to a polling station in the us state of florida after a row over whether it should be used as polling stations .
computer hackers have used their own emails and passwords to hack government departments , according to a security company .
egypt 's public prosecutor has criticised a series of raids on us - based civil society groups .
northern ireland 's largest teaching union -lrb- nasuwt -rrb- is to stage a two - day strike .
a senior councillor has urged the owners of a grounded rig which ran aground on stornoway on lewis .
ireland coach joe schmidt says he was ` ` incredibly proud '' of his side 's performance in saturday 's world cup quarter - final defeat by argentina .
league two side derby county have agreed a deal to sign burton albion striker tyler walker on loan until the end of the season .
salford 's owner has set up a ` ` dream '' to make everyone talking about the super league club .
work is under way to repair a railway station which has been closed for more than a year . .
wales has overtaken england in maths , maths and a * c gcse grades .
the uk 's media watchdog , boris johnson , and boris johnson 's decision to leave the european union .
the gambia 's army says it will ` ` intervene '' if president yahya jammeh refuses to leave the country .
` ` i ' m looking for the first time , '' says sophie hahn , princess of the sheep .
the winners of this year 's golden globe awards have been honoured at the golden globes in los angeles .
turkish club istanbul basaksehir have signed cameroon defender joel chedjou on a two - year contract .
the labour party is ` ` walking in the opposite direction '' before the general election , a former shadow cabinet minister has said .
a body has been found in the search for a man who went missing on a cycle path in cornwall .
stem cell cells can be used to kill all cancer patients , according to a study in the us .
northampton saints winger ben foden says he will be ` ` pushed to the limit '' when he returns to the england squad for the six nations .
league two side accrington stanley have signed brighton & hove albion midfielder jake goodman on a season - long loan deal .
nottingham forest came from behind to beat preston north end and reach the championship play - off quarter - finals .
fifa president sepp blatter and vice - president michel platini have been banned from all football - related activity .
thousands of commuters have been flooded in east london after a burst water main caused flooding in the city .
a man has died after he was hit by a chainsaw outside a primary school in south london .
victims of stalking are being urged to help tackle the problem with ex - partners in wales .
iran has launched its first major offensive against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
spanish police have used batons to break up a crowd of leicester city fans in the city centre .
a dog which operates between london and cyprus has made a record - breaking number of flights to the uk .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he was ` ` frustrated '' by his side 's 2 - 2 draw with sunderland .
jane austen 's latest role in the new role of jane austen is set to become an action hero .
the nhs digital digital digital register for breast implants is to be created in a bid to improve patient safety .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in the chest .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was struck by a masked armed guard at a tesco supermarket in east renfrewshire .
at least two people have been killed after a truck crashed into spectators at a dutch festival , officials say .
prince charles has paid tribute to the ` ` biggest war memorial in europe '' in world war one .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the family of a man who was jailed for the murder of his father have said they are ` ` completely let down '' by the justice system .
rory mcilroy has urged europe 's ryder cup team to take a point against the united states on friday .
a man who carried a fake gun at two primary schools in west sussex has been jailed for eight months .
the european commission 's decision to build hinkley point c nuclear power station in somerset has been rejected by the competition commissioner .
dagenham & redbridge have returned to the national league for the first time since the end of the season .
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as cape verde islands beat portugal 2 - 0 to reach the africa cup of nations quarter - finals .
the turkish authorities have lifted a ban on the wearing of headscarves in public and state institutions .
a dog had to be rescued after being trapped by a dog by firefighters in greater manchester on thursday .
an eight - year - old boy who choked on a grape and tried to swallow his food has died in hospital .
scotland women 's euro 2017 qualifier against iceland would be a ` ` disaster '' , according to captain rachel evans .
a man has died after his bike was involved in a crash in ballycastle , county antrim .
a man is in a critical condition after his car plunged into a lake in hertfordshire , police said .
david beckham has submitted plans to build a new major league soccer venue in miami , according to his consortium .
a new sixth form college is to be built at deeside 's deeside secondary schools in flintshire .
celtic will face rosenborg in the third round of the champions league , while rosenborg could face rosenborg .
the average number of human activity in a countries has risen by more than a third , according to a new study .
the duchess of cambridge has visited a primary school in edinburgh to show support for children with mental health issues .
a pensioner has been assaulted with a crowbar during a robbery at a church in north belfast .
a 21-year - old man who has been missing since the brussels attacks has been named by police .
the boss of one of wales ' biggest mining firms has said the company 's owners will accept the loss of their assets .
a major flood protection scheme in the borders is to be closed for the first time in more than a year .
abba , who became the first member of the k foundation to return to the uk 's best - selling album in 1987 , has ended a 30-year career .
bayern munich moved seven points clear at the top of the bundesliga with a comfortable victory over struggling stuttgart .
maxine peake is to star in a new adaptation of shakespeare 's hamlet , the bbc has confirmed .
pro - russian separatists in ukraine 's east have launched an attack on government buildings in donetsk .
former peterborough united and peterborough united manager chris turner has died at the age of 83 , his family has confirmed .
new zealand came from behind to beat south africa and win the world cup for the first time since 2007 .
plans to create a new eight - team football league division have been unveiled by the football league .
a man has denied attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in north lanarkshire .
polish president donald tusk is to be tried in connection with a plane crash in which 96 people died .
celtic manager brendan rodgers is relishing the old firm derby at hampden park on saturday .
the former chief executive of american apparel , michael charney , has been accused of ` ` an invasion of privacy '' .
charlotte balshaw is the new chair of the tate museum in manchester , which she describes as ` ` an expansionist '' .
the number of murders and culpable homicides in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade .
police in the us state of los angeles have apologised after a number of school shootings were cancelled .
russia says it will not co - operate with the us if it stops its bombing of aleppo .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the organisers of a dog meat festival in china .
scunthorpe united defender david bishop has signed a new one - year contract with the league two club .
a care home has been ordered to improve after inspectors found ` ` significant concerns '' about its services .
a temporary fix is needed to repair a damaged water main in the republic of ireland , irish water has said .
a nurse who grabbed a colleague 's breast and asked her to ` ` take a hug '' has been struck off .
` ` we 're going to treat cancer , '' says one of the uk 's leading scientists .
saracens could face a ` ` potentially life - changing '' medical crisis if they are taken off the field of premiership players .
dumfries and galloway council has been heavily praised for supporting music festivals in the region , according to a report .
a russian submarine has approached a russian aircraft carrier off the coast of syria , the dutch military says .
it 's one of the most powerful earthquakes in africa , which have rocked the country in south africa .
a us election contestant has said she is ` ` definitely '' a right to have healthcare in the workplace .
england captain alastair cook says his side are still favourites to win the third ashes against australia .
west brom have rejected a bid for manchester city captain jonny evans , bbc radio 5 live has learned .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi cael eu cynnal wedi cael ei marwolaeth yn cael eu bod yn cael ei marw yn caeldyddi marwolaeth .
general motors -lrb- gm -rrb- has announced plans to cut its production and cut costs by $ 500 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 77 m -rrb- in india .
france 's jason levy carded a six - under - par 65 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the german open .
the family of former ira informer jeffrey donaldson have accused gerry adams of being involved in the murder of him by the ira .
a body has been recovered from the sea off the devon coast , police have said , after a night out .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in east sussex .
the scottish government has announced a # 20 m fund to train oil and gas workers who have lost their jobs .
partick thistle manager brendan rodgers has been shortlisted for the scottish premiership 's top - six player of the year award .
mexican authorities say they have foiled the escape of jailed drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has cancelled a rally in chicago after violent clashes between protesters and protesters .
a court in japan has ordered the closure of two reactors at a nuclear power station in the country .
the uk 's three intelligence agencies are looking for more women as part of a drive to recruit more women .
south africa 's government has proposed a national minimum wage , which is set to be introduced next year .
the family of a man shot dead by paratroopers in belfast 45 years ago have said they are ` ` sitting on their hands '' .
former scotland striker john mcgovern has backed ross burke to become an ` ` emphatic '' player .
twitter users have responded to russell brand 's apology after he tweeted a journalist 's phone number .
officials in the italian city of rome have broken down a bridge in protest at the lifting of padlocks .
a 55-year - old man has died after a two - vehicle crash in the scottish borders .
up to 50,000 homes in the uk were without power after a substation went offline .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has ordered the country 's central bank to lift a ban on the activities of five italian banks .
two people have been arrested after a 19-year - old man died when he was hit by a car .
ospreys climbed to the top of the pro12 with a bonus - point win over treviso .
real madrid boss luis enrique says his side deserved to win a 2 - 2 draw with borussia monchengladbach .
crofters should be offered loans to help them get on to social housing , according to finance minister anna mcleod .
the uk 's first ` ` robot '' , eric , has been restored at the national museum of robotics in london .
an italian teenager is taking legal action against a right - wing group after it posted a picture of a young girl who took her own life .
the planned # 1bn swansea bay tidal lagoon project would be a ` ` disgrace '' , an mp has said .
police are appealing for information after eight puppies were stolen from a house in east lothian in the highlands .
sale sharks have re - signed scotland international josh strauss from glasgow warriors for the 2016 - 17 season .
iraqi forces have pushed out the centre of falluja , the country 's top military officer has said .
former celtic striker mikael lustig says ronny deila is not to blame for his side 's failure to reach the champions league .
former celebrity publicist max clifford has told a court he ` ` did n't want to kill '' a woman in a tv interview .
the european union 's top brexit negotiator has urged the uk to ` ` keep the rest of the eu '' .
turkey 's prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has been banned from accessing social media .
thousands of people have been left without power after a powerful earthquake off chile 's coast , officials say .
former australian deputy speaker john bercow has been appointed as the commons 's new chief legal adviser .
a new documentary about the creation of digital cameras has opened in london 's west end , with the aim of making films more transparent , writes keanu reeves .
former world champion david shavers says he would have picked muhammad ali apart in the same league as muhammad ali .
gateshead have signed forward adam johnson from national league rivals heed on a one - year contract .
the government has announced plans to run two rail franchises in the north - west of england and england .
russia 's president viktor yanukovych has met russian president vladimir putin to discuss economic relations .
a 16-year - old boy has been seriously injured after he was attacked by four men in blackburn .
` ` we can do double '' - a russian nationalist leader who accused the west of being a ` ` disgrace '' .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the bbc is to close its global edition of the global iplayer app , the company has confirmed .
an energy firm has promised to spend [ UNK ] # 50 m on fracking at a site in lancashire .
london mayor sadiq khan has become the first muslim mayor in the uk to be elected in europe .
league one side fleetwood town have signed bristol city striker joe burns on loan until the end of the season .
a number of people have been rescued after heavy rain caused flooding in county tyrone and fermanagh .
a us appeals court has ruled that the use of a piece of horn in pop star madonna 's track may not be stealing .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after a three - vehicle crash on the a470 in cardiff .
a man has been banned from owning animals for three years after being found guilty of causing unnecessary suffering .
a scottish government delegation is travelling to the united states to visit myanmar in a visit to the us .
tyson fury 's mental health is not a bad thing , but it 's not what it takes .
italy 's highest court has overturned the convictions of seven experts convicted of manslaughter for their manslaughter .
guernsey 's mayor has accused the council of being ` ` completely open and transparent '' over its plans for a beach recharge .
britain 's andy murray beat spain 's feliciano ramos - vinolas to reach the quarter - finals of the madrid open .
the number of young people in the arts in england is at risk of a ` ` culture crisis '' , according to a report .
a man who died in a fall at his care home was ` ` in a safe place '' , a court has heard .
consumer confidence in the us economy fell in march , according to a report from the us commerce department .
a host of musicians have been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours list for their contribution to music .
chinese social media users have been reacting to the news that shaving armpits should be the best way forward .
air passenger duty -lrb- apd -rrb- will not be devolved to scotland , the uk government has said .
japan 's hideki matsuyama won his maiden pga tour title with victory at the china open .
air france has diverted an aircraft from canada to vancouver after a ` ` smell of burning '' on board .
cuts to the nhs in wales will be ` ` until 2020 '' , the first minister has said .
two men who died when a light aircraft crashed in powys have been named by police as two men .
a man accused of masterminding the grenfell tower fire has appeared in court charged with fraud .
a couple who have been diagnosed with a debilitating form of dads have been told they can not find new dads .
a mental health academy is to be set up by a local authority to help reduce the wait for mental health patients .
dizzee rascal is to headline the wickerman festival in dumfries and galloway .
an alpaca has been seriously injured in a dog attack in the new forest , his owner has said .
france 's president vladimir putin has defended his decision to meet french presidential candidate marine le pen in moscow .
ireland have secured their place in the quarter - finals of the women 's world cup in sri lanka .
an indian mp has been banned from flying an air india flight after he allegedly slapped a colleague with a piece of cricket .
images of the aurora borealis - one of the world 's most famous space missions - have sparked a social media frenzy .
league two side afc wimbledon have signed former derry city midfielder dean shiels on a one - year deal .
girls at a school in brighton are being asked to wear gender ` ` uniform '' as part of a shake - up of uniform rules .
india 's government has approved a controversial law banning the use of geospatial data in the country .
a burst water main has caused disruption to schools and businesses after a water main burst , severn trent has said .
former world champion kelly sotherton has called for a change to athletics ' world records to be scrapped .
three people have been killed and seven others seriously injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in switzerland .
actor rufus norris has said he is considering introducing quotas for the national theatre -lrb- nt -rrb- .
ex - footballer eric bristow has been accused of making ` ` derogatory '' comments on sex abuse victims .
the leader of birmingham city council has been elected as the new leader of the city council , replacing sir albert bore .
germany 's alexander kreuziger has been cleared to race in the 2014 tour de france .
ben ainslie has announced he will take part in the 2016 america 's cup world series .
the father of a man who died after he got into difficulty off a beach in kent has paid tribute to his ` ` best friend '' .
she 's one of the world 's best - known chess grandmasters , but she 's already achieved her best ever achievement .
the number of people with severe eye problems is expected to rise by 2050 , according to researchers .
the man in charge of leicestershire 's local authority says he is looking at the centre of the country 's financial crisis .
derbyshire have appointed former elite performance director matthew barnett as their new head of the club 's coaching staff .
police investigating the death of a man in north lanarkshire have renewed their appeal for information following his death .
mobile roaming charges across the european union will be cut by more than a third from next year , the government has announced .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is ` ` very realistic '' about how to cope with the pressure of winning a premier league title .
nick cleggan has been re - elected as police and crime commissioner for cleveland , the force 's first police and rural constituency .
portugal 's top four were crowned champions of the world for the first time in 11 years as holders brugge retained the title .
former world number one victoria azarenka has pulled out of the cincinnati open because of family issues .
aston villa and aston villa have been fined # 30,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
disgraced cyclist lance armstrong should not be allowed to race again , according to former tour de france winner jonathan lemond .
australia 's chief executive , alan joyce , says he will be ` ` strongly campaigning '' for a vote on legalising same - sex marriage .
ospreys have signed fly - half brian mujati from northampton saints until the end of the season .
a plaque is to be unveiled in carmarthenshire to mark the centenary of the birth of the artist 's work .
spain 's sergio garcia carded a six - under - par 66 to move into the final round of the dubai desert classic .
four people have been rescued from a sinking yacht off larne in county antrim after suffering a suspected engine failure .
apple 's chief executive has urged the fbi to co - operate with encryption on the iphone of a gunman .
the gambia has withdrawn its membership of the british commonwealth , saying it would ` ` very much regret '' the country 's decision to leave the commonwealth .
a chinese firm has been fined $ 3.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.9 m -rrb- for selling a banned nuclear coating through pakistan .
aston villa have signed belgium international striker jonathan kozak from belgian side genk for an undisclosed fee .
bbc sport presenter anna bell has launched a campaign to help people with mental health problems and health problems .
a teacher who sexually assaulted a 12-year - old girl has been given a two - year suspended sentence .
the number of scottish football fans attending matches has risen by more than four million in the past four years .
an 87-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a car from his home .
north korea 's state media says it has made a highly - anticipated version of the ` ` hungover '' spirit .
when you think of dying patients in hospital , you could be aware of the need for end of life care .
engineers in hong kong have used a giant piece of steel to push a new bridge into the sea .
a minute 's silence has been held in cardiff bay to mark the 70th anniversary of the paris attacks .
gareth andrew 's late try earned ulster a hard - fought victory over newport gwent dragons .
italy coach fabio capello has been asked to stay in charge of russia until the 2018 world cup .
three al - qaeda journalists jailed in egypt for spreading false news have had their convictions postponed until next month .
slumdog millionaire 's appearance at the kingussie film festival is to be celebrated in kingussie .
the post office is to hold talks with staff over plans to close its branch and privatisation .
pro - russian separatist rebels in eastern ukraine say they are pulling out of their weapons .
the welsh assembly election will take place on 8 june , with the assembly election coming to an end .
portugal has won the eurovision song contest for the first time in 20 years after winning the competition in kiev .
the treason investigation into journalists at the centre of the german media scandal has sparked a national outcry .
two police officers who used ` ` bogus '' intelligence to help a man being investigated for attempted murder have been jailed .
former executives of supermarkets and supermarkets have claimed that the uk leaving the european union could lead to ` ` catastrophic '' economic growth .
britain 's record - breaking solo rowing champion mick baseball says he will attempt to break the world record .
more than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for a directly elected mayor in bath .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march to parliament to protest against the closure of kids company .
four health boards in wales are set to miss out on # 50 m in the next financial year .
mobile phone use in prisons in scotland will be ` ` a criminal offence '' , justice minister angus macaskill has announced .
crusaders ' hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by coleraine .
the families of six british soldiers who died in world war one have been ` ` amazed '' by the discovery of their remains .
a british couple who died while on holiday in morocco have been named by the foreign office in morocco .
pupils in england will be tested in maths , reading and reading for the first time since 2010 .
welsh cyclist eli andrews has become the first british woman to win the 10,000 m at the british championships .
a 14-year - old girl has captured the moment david cameron was eating pringles on a flight .
mansfield 's league two play - off hopes were dealt another blow as they came from behind to beat morecambe .
new zealand 's hopes of reaching the world cup quarter - finals suffered a major blow as they lost to france .
cosmetics giant avon is to close its doors in france with the loss of 1,000 jobs .
it 's one of the uk 's best - selling online banking services , and it 's not the internet .
an annotated version of adolf hitler 's mein kampf is to be published in germany .
director of rugby david haig says he is not ` ` disrespectful '' for georgia to qualify for the expanded six nations .
the head of russia 's foreign affairs committee has accused the us of ` ` floundering '' over its policy towards syria .
a man has been jailed for the murder of a man who was found dead in a park in newcastle .
laura muir will compete in the 1500 m at the european indoor championships in belgrade on sunday . ''
jumbo , the best actress in british drama the good wife , has spoken out about the lack of diversity in the uk .
mike horstmann and brett salvi have signed new contracts with exeter chiefs , tying them to the club for next season .
a new magnitude 7.7 earthquake has struck north - west japan , killing at least seven people and injuring more .
a decision to change the name of a gwynedd coastal village has been criticised by gwynedd council .
carbon emissions from the atmosphere rose by more than a million years in the atmosphere , according to scientists .
people with type 1 diabetes have been able to reconsider their weight , according to us scientists .
the majority of borrowers are more confident about making future repayments , according to a survey by the bank of england .
the construction of a new office block in belfast city quays has been given the go - ahead .
a man accused of murdering his wife told police he had considered ` ` jumping off a cliff '' , a court has heard .
a former ambulance worker has pleaded guilty to fraud and money - laundering after admitting a # 1 m fraud .
people in powys are being urged to take part in the world 's biggest bog snorkelling games .
justin bieber has been sentenced to three months in prison for throwing eggs at his home in california .
councils in england are ` ` desperately needed '' to tackle the ` ` blight '' of potholes , councils have warned .
a man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police as a ` ` much - loved man '' .
a group of voters have begun a legal challenge to the election of the uk 's first elected mayor .
kickabout matches in england and wales have come a long way since the start of the world cup .
footage has emerged of the moment us actor floyd mayweather was set on fire after his van was set alight .
a hospital has been placed in special measures for the first time since the death of a patient by a nurse .
the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- is calling for dogs to help patients with mental health problems .
motherwell have confirmed they are in to play against aberdeen in saturday 's scottish cup game with aberdeen .
an rspca inspector has warned that pet raccoon dogs ` ` do n't make good pets '' .
the premiership season will be extended to 10 months to 10 , the rugby players ' association has confirmed .
the bank of england 's ` ` extraordinary '' response to the brexit vote was a ` ` surprise '' to the economy , economy secretary mark carney has said .
norwich city midfielder charlie maddison has signed a new one - year contract with the championship club .
the creation of forests in west africa could increase the number of people affected by climate change , according to a new study .
jason sothern scored twice as ireland came from behind to beat germany 3 - 2 in the euro 2016 quarter - final .
the us space agency -lrb- ula -rrb- has announced the launch of its new generation rocket .
shrewsbury town have signed motherwell striker alex jules and motherwell midfielder louis jules on loan until the end of the season .
an abandoned park in weston - super - mare is to be donated to an aid box convoy .
a holidaymaker who died after eating an allergic reaction to a sorbet died of natural causes , an inquest has heard .
alliance trust has pulled out of an offer to buy shares on the london stock exchange -lrb- rit -rrb- .
the january transfer window closed in aberdeen and the scottish premiership 's top two are in full swing .
the french authorities are taking action to tackle air pollution , according to the country 's richest woman .
jordan rhodes scored a late equaliser as middlesbrough came from behind to beat bolton and move into the championship play - off places .
jenson button says he will not race in formula 1 beyond this year 's season 's season .
south korean firm samsung c&t has agreed a deal to buy the firm 's business empire .
two senior officers who were paid # 51,000 to two pembrokeshire council 's chief executives are in talks with the public spending watchdog .
seagulls are more likely to be able to chase gulls , according to a new study .
two brothers have been jailed for the murder of a drug dealer in a ` ` brutal and savage '' attack .
a plaque has been unveiled in memory of those who fought in the spanish civil war during world war two .
the iaaf says it will end its sponsorship of adidas until the end of 2016 after the sport 's doping scandal .
crewe alexandra manager steve davis says the club 's elite players will be ` ` more important '' for their future .
the town of harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday , with an average of 85,000 people .
andy murray 's record - breaking run of form has come to an end as he prepares to defend his wimbledon title .
councils in wales are facing ` ` huge pressure '' if they raise council tax to pay for care , the welsh government has said .
an app that allows people to identify more than 40,000 individual figures has been launched in turkey .
the world 's biggest aircraft maker , the bbc 's geeta pandey technology show , is taking shape at the weekend .
northern ireland 's environment minister mark durkan has lost a high court battle with the environment minister over a major regeneration plan .
england are ` ` as good as ever '' after beating pakistan in the second test , according to former captain michael vaughan .
coventry city fans are ` ` at the end of their tethers '' , the sky blue trust has said .
sale sharks ' hopes of reaching the european champions cup quarter - finals were dented as they lost to clermont auvergne .
the uk 's largest container ship , the world 's largest shipping , has arrived in suffolk .
the owner of dunsfold park in west belfast has lost a legal battle to have the right to use land as a bus station .
serial killer levi bellfield has denied giving a statement to police investigating the kidnapping of milly dowler .
a man who murdered his ex - wife in a cafe siege in sydney has been jailed for life .
the welsh government is facing a ` ` public health issue '' unless it does more public money , a leading sports charity has warned .
scott brown is ` ` far more than himself '' , according to former scotland boss neil lennon .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is worried the party is going to be ` ` rigged '' .
french actor gerard depardieu has said he is ` ` happy '' to accept his russian citizenship .
a 33-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died in west lothian .
conservationists are being asked to help map the uk 's native species of wild rabbits and hares .
a road barrier which was placed in place at the scene of the death of a 15-year - old girl in belfast has been removed .
england 's local councils say they are ` ` perverse and counterproductive '' after the government announced a sugar tax on soft drinks .
the number of cannabis farms in the uk has increased by more than a third in two years , according to a report .
work to refurbish the runway at heathrow airport will begin at the end of the year .
celtic striker patrick roberts says his decision to play in the scottish cup final will be ` ` 100 % '' .
one of scotland 's most famous tourist attractions , peter pan , has been put up for sale .
hosts zambia have been drawn in the group stage of the under-20 world cup in south korea .
gordon strachan has been named scotland 's first - choice player of the year by bbc scotland .
an independent review of student support in scotland is to be carried out by former virgin money chief executive anne gadhia .
the town of brentwood is ` ` on the map '' of the town , according to a council leader .
the man who carried out the 7/7 terror attacks in london is a ` ` coward '' , according to his brother - in - law priti patel .
the green party in orkney has elected its first councillor in the local elections of the local authority .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was stabbed in the leg in north belfast .
the new bishop of gloucester has been sworn in as the first woman bishop in the church of england .
first minister nicola sturgeon has visited a school in the scottish borders to close the attainment gap between pupils and pupils .
the crew of a boat which hit a tug - on - brayne boat had ` ` unintended control '' of the boat , a report has found .
olympic silver medallist katherine grainger has described her achievements as a ` ` complete inspiration '' for her sport .
youtube is one of the world 's best - selling video - sharing websites , but it does n't mean it has n't actually been a good place .
a 19-year - old man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in new zealand , police say .
austria says it will reduce the number of asylum - seekers seeking asylum in the eu by more than a year .
plans to regenerate swansea bay 's waterfront have been unveiled by the city council for the next 10 years .
american charley hoffman will take a four - shot lead into the final round of the masters at augusta .
the green party in wales has launched its campaign to cut fuel bills by 40 % by 2050 .
russia has accused turkish president recep tayyip erdogan of ` ` brazenly plundering '' the country .
a labour government plan to force future governments to run an income surplus has been defied by the party .
a 15-year - old boy has been arrested after a teacher and a pupil were stabbed at a school .
an 80-year - old man has become the first person to win the 2016 pinterest national blind and visually impaired sports event .
barcelona 's neymar has lost his appeal against a spanish court 's tax evasion .
eu foreign ministers have agreed to set up an eu mission in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- to deal with the crisis .
a ukip mep is to become the new head of an international body set up by the european parliament .
an raf helicopter has landed at prestwick airport after a passenger plane went into a prestwick airport .
libya 's political unity government has agreed to form a national unity government , the un has said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's stock markets were largely unchanged on friday , following a sharp fall in china 's shares .
a former ira member who was involved in the boston marathon bombings has been granted permission to take legal action against the police .
the price of oil has fallen below $ 30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade .
the us house of representatives has withdrawn a vote on president donald trump 's healthcare bill , which was widely opposed to his healthcare bill .
the former head of the boston college of northern ireland has been ordered to hand over details of the ira 's activities .
martha cooper and henry chalfant , who have died at the age of 84 , have been photographing their work in new york .
chelsea are capable of winning the premier league title , according to manager antonio conte , who wants to win the title .
british number two laura robson has signed a new three - year contract with the aegon international in nottingham .
bath prop anthony watson will face a two - week suspension after being found guilty of a foul - mouthed tackle .
widnes vikings hooker scott mellor has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
the number of evacuees from the rebel - held part of the syrian city of srebrenica has reached an end to the war .
two men have been injured after a gang armed with a hammer and hammers forced their way into a house in edinburgh .
ap mccoy won the punchestown festival by beating ma filleule in the champion chase at cheltenham .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
mae ' r alban gadael wedi cael eu cyhoeddus yn cael arian yng nghymru .
kidderminster harriers chairman phil brown has praised the club 's ` ` incredible '' performance director colin gordon .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found with serious head injuries in a flat in west belfast .
a syrian man suspected of being a member of the kurdistan workers ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- was the victim of the bombing in ankara , turkish officials say .
a woman accused of murdering her ex - girlfriend was ` ` terrified '' by her ex - girlfriend , a court has heard .
the head of the university of texas has said he will not defend a controversial new law banning firearms on campus .
ross county have signed midfielder jim o'brien from fellow championship side ross county for an undisclosed fee .
celtic striker moussa dembele says he is happy to remain at the club for 10 years .
ukraine 's president viktor yanukovych has signed a deal with the european union to restore political stability .
ed miliband has resigned as leader of the labour party after the party 's election defeat .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in a car crash in oxford .
a lifetime ban on gay men who have had sex with another man has been lifted in the uk .
swansea city head coach paul clement believes defender alfie mawson has a ` ` rawness '' in his bid to avoid premier league relegation .
the nhs in england is being urged to increase the number of hiv testing in some areas with high rates of the virus .
millions of tonnes of radioactive particles from the atmosphere of our solar system are being sent into orbit around the world .
survivors of the asbestos - related cancer mesothelioma scandal will be eligible for compensation from the uk government .
a 19-year - old woman has died after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
british number two kyle edmund is through to the second round of the bnp paribas open in belgium .
a special steam train is taking place in county durham to mark the 70th anniversary of the landslip .
somalia 's al - shabab airline has released a video of a suspected suicide bomber on board a passenger jet in somalia .
the families of two inmates who died at a prison in england and wales have launched a legal challenge .
a crowdfunding campaign to raise # 50,000 for a memorial to david bowie has failed .
scotland 's first minister has issued a warning for the country 's coldest weather since 1945 .
more than half of people in derbyshire are concerned about their christmas spending , a bbc survey has found .
a new glasgow school of art building has been officially opened to the public for the first time in its history .
tributes have been paid to a former bristol city councillor who has died at the age of 73 .
substitute joel joel joel scored a late equaliser as everton beat krasnodar 2 - 1 to reach the europa league group stage .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says the club 's takeover of the national league club is ` ` technically important '' .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- needs to improve access to hiv testing , according to a new report .
the owner of danish brewer carlsberg has said the company 's performance in ukraine will not be enough .
the uk first members of the islamic state group have been photographed in a cardiff mosque , the muslim council of wales has said .
kenya 's military says it has no money owed to its soldiers by the european union to them .
a man has been found dead in a fire at a house in east dunbartonshire , police have said .
martyn irvine has been voted bbc northern ireland 's sports personality of the year for 2013 in 2014 .
a woman in the southern indian state of chittoor has been killed in an attack on her office .
syrian government forces are seeking to retake the town of al - qaryatain from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
archaeologists have uncovered what is thought to be the largest neolithic age burial mound in inverness , according to archaeologists .
leigh centurions have signed full - back rangi chase from salford red devils for an undisclosed fee .
england 's laura massaro and nick matthew will meet in sunday 's british open final in hull .
us president barack obama has asked congress for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- to fund fund the policing of police officers .
lancashire director of cricket ashley giles says there is a ` ` danger of thinking '' they are a better side in limited - overs cricket .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has accused his supporters of ` ` hate and hate '' violence at his rallies .
scientists are being urged to take part in a project to unlock the secrets of our genetic identity and how they are affected .
bob jungels moved into the overall lead of the giro d'italia after winning stage four .
kilmarnock chairman michael johnston has announced he will retire from football at the end of the season .
charlton athletic have launched an investigation into an allegation of historical child abuse in the early 1980s .
the last 16 of the european championship kicks off in france on thursday , with the teams going through to the knockout stage .
a man has been arrested after a man was seriously injured in a disturbance in the centre of glasgow .
a man who killed a woman in a ` ` brutal and brutal '' attack has had his sentence increased .
the bbc has been told it is ` ` impossible '' to get superfast broadband to rural parts of scotland .
royal dutch shell has said it will take ` ` a prudent approach '' to offshore oil in the arctic .
aberdeen 's hopes of reaching the europa league play - offs were dented as they were held to a draw by fc copenhagen .
the mother of a british woman who was stranded in the nepal earthquake has said she is ` ` on her own '' .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he has ` ` other worries '' about zlatan ibrahimovic 's future .
a health board has apologised to patients who died at a mental health ward in north wales .
fleetwood town 's league one play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by fleetwood .
england under-20s reached the semi - finals of the under-20 world cup with a 3 - 2 victory over mexico in jeonju .
new york state officials say they are ` ` finally over '' a convicted murderer who escaped from a maximum security prison .
a new law has been set up to improve the quality of youth work in wales , the council for wales has said .
the head of the church in wales has said he did not object to the law making organ donation .
leicester city have sacked manager steve walsh after his departure from premier league rivals everton .   's new boss .
a loggerhead turtle has been taken to hospital after being found on a beach in the isle of man .
hundreds of farmers have taken part in a rally in edinburgh calling for the scottish government to end austerity payments .
a police officer has been disciplined after he was spotted carrying a loaded gun while on duty in scotland .
league two side doncaster rovers have signed aston villa striker joe mason and aston villa midfielder jordan houghton on loan .
some of the uk 's best - known entertainers have come together to raise awareness of mental health issues .
a man has died after being pulled from the sea off the truro coast , police have said .
` ` i ' ve never heard of me , '' andy king , one of china 's most famous writers .
us president - elect donald trump 's team has urged the federal government to take steps to stop access to climate data .
boris johnson , the uk 's ambassador to russia , has told the bbc he wants to go to russia .
` ` i ' m going to the dentist , '' says jessica enniskillen , ` ` i 're getting high on human '' .
sweden 's sergio garcia and henrik stenson share the lead after the second round of the munich open .
the us senate has voted in favour of a landmark treaty to protect the rights of people with disabilities .
colombia 's president juan manuel santos has won the nobel peace prize for his ` ` resolute efforts '' to end the country 's civil war .
three people have been arrested after a tractor was pulled over by police on a night shift in kent .
olympic champion dani king says he is interested in cycling 's plans for the 2016 olympics in rio .
derbyshire 's alex davies and kyle jarvis both made half - centuries as derbyshire dominated day two against derbyshire .
scottish football association chief executive john fitzel believes a 16-team league could help scottish youth development .
wales ' hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup were dented as they thrashed moldova in cardiff .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has invited the club 's captain to discuss the future of the club captain .
john sheridan 's first game in charge of newport county ended in defeat as john - lewis ' goal gave them victory .
the number of unaccompanied asylum - seeking children in care in kent has increased by more than a third in the last year .
the australian government has agreed to pay a$ 70 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 70 m -rrb- settlement to a group of asylum seekers who claim they were held on a remote island .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is ` ` frustrated '' by his side 's poor start to the season .
volunteers are being urged to take part in clean - up work on beaches in the isle of man .
a 16-year - old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a polish man in essex .
a man has died in a two - vehicle crash on the a707 in dumfries and galloway .
kent chief executive john kennedy is to leave the county at the end of the season , the county has announced .
the head of the police and crime commissioner 's -lrb- pccs -rrb- programme purdah has resigned .
the head of libya 's government has resigned , saying he will never accept the political isolation of weapons .
software firm mspy says it has been ` ` too lenient '' for parents worried about their children .
the us has suspended its involvement in the war - torn syrian city of aleppo , the us says .
the funeral has taken place for two brothers who died in a car crash in the republic of ireland .
dundee united 's owner has told the bbc that the club 's owners are ` ` not great '' .
russia has apologised to a ` ` disgraceful '' belarus official who carried a flag at the rio paralympics .
hundreds of people have attended a public meeting in flintshire to discuss proposals to shake up community services .
a 28-year - old woman has appeared in court charged with causing a crash in aberdeenshire .
middlesbrough have ended the season - long loan spell of midfielder juan manuel de giro d'italia .
premiership champions saracens came from behind to beat exeter and become the first team to win the european champions cup .
three welsh authors have won the 2015 bbc wales book of the year award for their work in world war two .
brighton twice came from behind to beat ipswich and end brighton 's unbeaten start to the league season .
the liberal democrats have won the seat of bridgend county in the constituency of llanelli in the 2015 general election .
a memorial service has been held in cardiff to mark 100 years since the start of world war one .
alexis sanchez scored twice as arsenal came from behind to beat burnley and reach the fa cup quarter - finals .
rebel groups in syria say they have captured a pilot who died in a plane crash in december 2014 .
great britain 's jo belcher has secured a medal in the women 's canoe slalom at the rio olympics .
british astronaut tim peake is heading to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- on tuesday .
mozambique , a former government minister and member of the opposition , has died in a multi - party dispute .
the number of migrants seeking asylum in germany has risen by more than a third in a year , according to reports .
a british soldier who was killed in a bomb attack in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence .
a steam railway in dumfries and galloway has opened its doors to the public for the first time .
the mayor of the us city of baltimore has decided to keep a curfew in place until further notice .
a housing agency has paid out # 2,000 in benefits for homeless men over the last two years .
england 's jamie donaldson is three shots off the lead after the second round of the malmo open .
the united airlines has offered compensation to a canadian family who lost their seats on a flight to the united states .
nintendo has reported a net loss for the first time in three years as it posted a net deficit of 2.4 bn yen -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
the closure of four schools in the scottish borders is to be delayed by the end of the year .
the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- has called on the government to offer subsidised accommodation for nurses .
at least 10 people have been killed after a minivan collided with a minivan at ghana 's main airport .
spain 's garbine muguruza beat italy 's federico schiavone to reach the french open final .
a author has described how he was asked to cover up ` ` carry on '' adverts card at a national book fair -lrb- wi -rrb- .
national league side gateshead have signed teenage striker nyal bell from rochdale on a season - long loan deal .
former chelsea and liverpool midfielder kevin le saux says he is ` ` not worried '' that he is gay .
dog owners in dumfries and galloway are being urged not to clean up after their pets .
the head of the vatican says he is donating $ 200,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 200,000 -rrb- to pope francis to a medical charity .
the head of the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group , abu mohammed al - fayad , has been killed in a us air strike .
scarlets have signed wales internationals rhys hughes and dan evans from llandovery on two - year contracts .
former world champion jessica ennis - hill should be banned from athletics , says toni minichiello .
gay rights groups in russia have condemned a crackdown on the treatment of gay men in chechnya .
a mother who was photographed feeding her baby 's head while breastfeeding in public has staged a mass breastfeeding protest .
german carmaker daimler has said it is ` ` fully on schedule '' for the second quarter of the year .
wales captain sam warburton says he has been ` ` selfish '' by the decision to drop his captaincy .
former world number one jack milkins says he needs ` ` money - wise '' to secure his place in the uk championship .
poet patrick harsent has won the ts eliot prize for poetry for the first time since his death .
the 2016 olympic and paralympic games in london will be held in the same place as the next generation .
` ` wertheim '' joseph winton was one of britain 's most decorated refugees .
mark webber says he is ` ` very surprised '' he will be able to win a fourth formula 1 title this season .
a nobel prize - winning scientist has apologised for remarks he made about women in science .
the number of drivers caught using hands - free mobile phones in wales has risen by more than a third in a year .
more than half of staff at queen 's university in belfast believe they have a ` ` good place to study '' .
the chief minister of india 's main opposition party , arvind kejriwal , has returned to delhi 's capital , delhi .
the 2016 winter olympics will take place in norway on friday , with organisers of the first ever winter olympics .
a large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in the north - east of the uk .
a new treatment for ovarian cancer has made a ` ` life extension '' , according to uk researchers .
junior doctors in england have voted in favour of introducing a new contract , which they say is ` ` unfair '' .
police in greece are investigating an alleged attack on a far - right mp at a meeting in athens .
northern ireland 's attorney general , peter horner , has welcomed the decision to grant a statement of incest abortion law in northern ireland .
an archive of one of the world 's most famous authors has been acquired by the national library of scotland .
redruth head coach alan paver says luke chapman has taken the ` ` bull by the horns '' of his return from injury .
bolton and bolton played out a goalless draw in the first round of the efl cup with a goalless stalemate .
the owner of bristol zoo has spoken of the ` ` distressing '' faced by an animal welfare charity .
a pensioner has been ordered to pay # 18,000 for a phone line to her home because she is old .
the first syrian refugees to be resettled in coventry have been resettled in the west midlands , the council has said .
ukip leader nigel farage has said wales is ` ` in danger of going out of business '' after the uk voted to leave the eu .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the a470 in gwynedd .
a motorcyclist has died in a collision with a motorbike in south yorkshire , police said .
newcastle climbed to the top of the championship with victory over struggling aston villa at st james ' park .
the 70th anniversary of the battle of the netherlands during world war two has been commemorated in lincoln cathedral .
chris holroyd 's late equaliser earned macclesfield a 2 - 1 victory over dover in the national league .
a 51-year - old man has been charged with eight firearms offences after a cat was shot in the head by police .
a former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of indecently assaulting a child in cambridgeshire .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
northern ireland will host the 2024 commonwealth youth games in belfast , the organisers have announced on monday .
two men have been taken to hospital after a serious assault in ballysillan , county antrim .
st mirren have signed dundee united striker cammy smith on loan until the end of the season .
northern ireland 's attorney general , arlene jones , is to take legal action against the chief executive of the northern ireland executive .
west ham striker andy carroll will be out for a ` ` significant part of the world '' after suffering a groin injury .
the number of first - time buyers buying a home in the uk is set to rise by 2050 , according to surveyors .
x factor judge kylie minogue has received an honorary degree from a university for her work in the industry .
south african gymnast franck mackenzie is set to return to the uk at the rio olympics in march .
a field trial of a genetically modified rice crop in the philippines has been vandalised , the bbc understands .
a plaid cymru am has said he is ` ` disgusted '' after a break - in at his home in cardiff .
a memorial garden for pink floyd frontman syd barrett is to be created in his home city of cambridge .
archaeologists are hoping to re - built two neolithic huts found at stonehenge in the same time as 4,500 years ago .
a ` ` dangerous '' man has been convicted of raping a woman in her south london home .
a man has been charged with the murder of a 21-year - old who died after being attacked outside a pub in grimsby .
actor henry mccowen , best known for his role as q , has died at the age of 89 .
emmerdale has launched a series of ` ` special tours '' of its emmerdale set .
ole gunnar solskjaer was the new manager of cardiff city , who was sacked by norwegian side malky mackay .
the first gin distillery in the scottish borders is being created in a ` ` range of greener '' .
formula 1 bosses have said they will consider revert to the 2015 elimination format of the 2015 season .
venezuela has temporarily closed its border with colombia for the first time since the end of last year , the country has announced .
captain greig laidlaw has urged scotland to ` ` back their fitness '' in saturday 's six nations opener against france .
plans to transform aberystwyth university into a ` ` cultural quarter '' have been unveiled .
monty python star john palin has been awarded a bafta fellowship by the british academy of film arts .
the government must be ` ` completely mad '' to reduce net migration , ukip leader nigel farage has said .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- leader boris johnson has said he hopes the launch of a night tube service will be ` ` soon '' .
former labour leader george galloway has been accused of ` ` wasting police time '' after he lost his seat in bradford .
england will host scotland in the 2018 world cup qualifying match at wembley on thursday , with the first match between england and scotland .
the met police has apologised for failing to properly investigate the death of a man in west london .
liverpool 's mayor has outlined plans to cut the number of adult social care services in his budget .
canadian officials have ordered a nationwide recall of a gin which is believed to have been linked to an alcohol problem .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene , a former government minister and member of the opposition , writes the bbc 's africa editor .
an international award - winning children 's author , roald dahl , is to be presented with the award for best children 's books .
in the run - up to the uk 's vote to leave the european union , david cameron 's foreign policy chief tells the bbc .
a blogger who was arrested for filming a public meeting has had her case against a former council chief executive dropped .
more syrian refugees have been brought to safety in wales over the summer , according to the latest figures .
the bbc has confirmed that it will continue to show the first episode of family guy on the bbc .
the scottish women 's premier league cup holders holders holders hibernian thrashed queen 's park 5 - 1 to reach the second round .
the united states women 's football team will be paraded in new york to honour their team 's achievement .
power has been restored in some parts of northern ireland after a fault caused power to be restored overnight .
derby county climbed out of the championship relegation zone with a hard - fought victory over ipswich town .
the inr human rights institute -lrb- inr -rrb- in poland has created a database of nearly 1,000 names on the site of the auschwitz death camp .
kingfisher , the owner of b&q and screwfix chain b&q , has agreed to buy a majority stake in the business .
the denver nuggets will host the toronto raptors in the first of their regular - season tour .
swansea city midfielder neil taylor will miss the rest of the season after suffering an ankle injury in their 1 - 1 draw with sunderland .
` ` it 's a good luck , '' says jason day , the founder of the apprentice , who has been successful in his career .
jordan clark 's late equaliser earned accrington stanley a 2 - 1 win over bradford in league two .
adele has failed to win an award for best album of the year at this year 's grammys .
a man who murdered a pensioner in glasgow has been found guilty of his murder and attempted murder .
a funeral has taken place for a dj who was found dead at his home in bristol more than 40 years ago .
a man has been fined after a fan was struck by a rangers fan during a match in aberdeen .
tunisia 's new president has won a third term in office , in an attempt to revive the country 's fortunes .
volkswagen 's chief executive has said he is ` ` optimistic '' that the company will find a solution to the emissions scandal .
belgian cyclist raphael demoitie has died after being hit by a motorbike during a race in belgium .
israel 's prime minister has condemned iran 's launch of a ballistic missile on his first day in office .
leeds united moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over leeds united .
a search is under way for eight people killed in an explosion at a factory in the brazilian city of vitoria .
a canadian wildlife park has been charged with animal cruelty after a resident complained about a peacock and guinea hens .
britain 's mark lowes won the first motogp race of the season in the united states .
cardiff city head coach paul trollope says he is willing to listen to offers for players at the club .
the families of three schoolgirls who travelled to syria to join islamic state have said they are ` ` distraught '' .
olympic champion elinor barker says british cycling is ` ` looking forward '' to the way her success at the world championships in hong kong .
crystal palace have released wales internationals hal robson - kanu and john ferdinand from their parent club reading .
shares in china have fallen for the first time in more than a year , following disappointing economic data .
andy pearce 's injury - time equaliser earned mansfield a 3 - 2 victory over dagenham and redbridge .
more young people in foster care in scotland have failed to find stability , according to a new study .
the world 's largest forest , the amazon rainforest in brazil , is being destroyed by illegal logging .
ed perry , the creator of dad 's army tv show , has died at the age of 95 .
lionel messi scored his 100th goal of the season as barcelona beat atletico madrid 2 - 1 in la liga .
-lrb- noon -rrb- : the pound fell against the dollar after the uk voted to leave the european union .
scotland 's farmers have urged the government to ban the growing of genetically modified crops in european countries .
sudan 's military has been using video of armed forces fighting in the north - south border with sudan .
in the wake of the news that the uk voted to leave the european union , the bbc 's political editor has been talking about the relationship between the two leaders .
a 14-year - old girl , who has been diagnosed with leukaemia , is looking to become a computer scientist .
victims of crime are being let down by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- , a report has found .
a us judge has overturned a ban on sales of the samsung - branded smartphone in the us .
torquay united midfielder james spencer has been ruled out for six weeks with a hamstring injury .
jamie vardy scored twice as leicester beat liverpool to move into the premier league 's top four .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has said he is ready to reinte the death penalty if the country fails to revive the country 's bid to join the european union .
the family of a 16-year - old boy who died from cancer have paid tribute to their ` ` proper happy '' family .
joe cardle scored twice as dunfermline athletic beat falkirk 3 - 1 in the scottish championship .
a fire which broke out on a ferry on the isle of wight is believed to have started deliberately .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed at a new record high in november , with the dow jones leading the way .
the family of an 11-year - old girl who has been diagnosed with a rare form of meningitis have started a campaign to raise money for her care .
members of the prison officers ' association are to be balloted on industrial action in england and wales .
the head teacher of england 's schools and colleges has urged the government to disengage ` ` fundamental british values '' .
labour leadership candidate yvette cooper says she is worried the party could split if jeremy corbyn wins the leadership .
it 's one of the biggest economic challenges in british politics , but what does it mean for many people ?
tributes have been paid to former england and wales striker tom finney who has died at the age of 84 .
northern ireland 's political parties have argued that they would have to change the way the executive is governed .
author michael gaiman has won the national book of the year award for his novel the first time .
the curtain fell down on the night of this night 's parliamentary election , with some of the biggest names in british politics .
oscar - winning actress olivia colman is to star in a remake of disney 's dreamgirls .
he 's one of the world 's best - known paralympians .
wales forward james botham has joined world cup holders new zealand on a season - long loan deal .
a judge in new york has rejected apple 's attempt to force the fbi to unlock the iphone of a terror suspect .
at least two people have been killed in clashes in egypt 's capital , cairo , officials say .
police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 14 years ago are appealing for information about the disappearance of her .
a man who attacked a man with a ` ` distinctive '' kitchen knife has been jailed for four years .
hundreds of workers have been killed in clashes at a car - making factory in the northern indian state of haryana .
she was one of the most shazambican singers in the world when she was in charge of her music .
a man who was attacked with a hammer in his home in january says he is ` ` not ready to meet '' his attacker .
indian prime minister narendra modi has launched a campaign aimed at boosting manufacturing in the country .
a woman who went missing with her seven - year - old son has said she will be ` ` under a huge amount of emotional pressure and strain '' .
oscar - winning actress emma watson has spoken out about how she is being treated as a woman in hollywood .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on thursday , boosted by a strong start to the us election .
the owner of the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme has failed in his legal bid to have his personal details published .
nick griffin , the former leader of the british national party , has been elected to the european parliament .
an escaped corn snake has been found at a park in manchester , the sspca has said .
plans to build a solar farm on a former coal mine in somerset have been given the go - ahead .
an 87-year - old woman has been arrested in connection with a phone - hacking scandal .
venezuela 's defence minister says there was no sign that a military helicopter crashed in the south of the country .
a man has become the first person in the world to cook a giant egg in a pub egg .
manchester united have signed manchester united striker adnan januzaj on loan until the end of the season .
the prime minister is to visit indonesia to discuss the threat of islamist extremists in the region .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower after the us manufacturing sector continued to struggle .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- leader jacob zuma has taken to the streets of cape town .
england will need to ` ` pull their fingers out '' in the second test against pakistan , according to bowler james anderson .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says he would not swap top scorer kenneth zohore 's goalscoring form .
carlisle united chief executive keith curle says he will spend his time on his future at the club .
kevin pattinson took his maiden test hat - trick as australia beat west indies by seven wickets in melbourne .
manchester united boss sir alex ferguson says michael carrick 's ` ` best central midfielder in english football '' is the best midfielder in the game .
the ` ` whole life tariffs '' for killing a police officer will mean life , home secretary theresa may has said .
bbc radio 1 dj ed cotton has paid tribute to her ` ` most beautiful woman in the world '' after her death on sunday .
bristol have signed bath full - back luke arscott for the 2016 - 17 season , with the option of a further year .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- lpts -rrb- is to be launched in october .
police are investigating reports of people dressing as clowns ` ` clowns '' in south wales .
one of the most missing episodes of doctor who has been found in the bbc archive , the bbc has learned .
a deal to run bristol 's new metrobus network has been described as ` ` impossible '' by public officials .
archaeologists have uncovered what they believe was a significant discovery on an isle of coll in the west of scotland .
huddersfield goalkeeper danny ward says he would like to stay at the club until the end of the season .
a man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a three - month - old baby .
police are investigating after several birds of prey were found abandoned in a forest in the highlands last year .
a father has spoken of his ` ` joy and fear '' after a baby girl was left in a bus stop .
singer - songwriter clint hill has died at the age of 41 , according to the bbc .
kilmarnock manager lee clark has praised captain steve smith for his ` ` courage '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : mining shares helped to lift the ftse 100 higher , boosted by gains in mining shares .
glasgow head coach gregor townsend says his side 's performance in sunday 's pro12 semi - final defeat by edinburgh was a ` ` credit '' .
ireland 's jonathan sexton has been ruled out of the tour of south africa with a hamstring injury .
china 's government has announced a crackdown on cyber - attacks targeting people seeking bank websites .
three al - jazeera journalists have appeared in a court in egypt accused of spreading false news .
the number of prisoners who escaped from a jail in the brazilian state of amazonas has risen to 69 , officials say .
a snake has died in a plane crash in australia 's south - east , leaving passengers unable to take off .
chinese actress julie yeoh has been named best actress at this year 's hong kong film awards .
a body has been recovered from a river in cumbria after a man got into difficulty in the water .
nepal 's government is considering banning all climbers from climbing mount everest , the government has said .
dutch champions ajax came from behind to beat pec zwolle and move to the top of the dutch table .
an indian court has ordered bollywood star salman khan to appear in court in connection with the death of a man in a 2002 hit - and - run incident in mumbai .
fly - half toby flood has signed a new two - year contract with newcastle falcons , tying him to the premiership club until 2019 .
the scottish football league has updated its rules to tackle ` ` unacceptable behaviour '' in its grounds .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on monday , lifted by gains on wall street .
a new parliamentary committee will be set up to look into the future of the next chief executive of the house of commons .
the number of wedding weddings held in gretna has risen by more than a third in 2015 .
a terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the supreme court 's decision to allow him to die .
league one side crawley town have signed former walsall defender dean macgillivray on a one - year contract .
paris st - germain kept their slim hopes of a top - four finish with a comfortable victory over lyon .
a young boy has been rescued from the rubble of a building in the nepalese capital , kathmandu .
older people in residential care in wales are to be asked to hear their experiences of living in care .
linfield will host celtic in the first leg of their champions league qualifying round tie against san marino 's la fiorita .
` ` i ' ve got a bit of a lot of courage , '' said naomi davies .
a convicted child sex offender has pleaded guilty to travelling to the united states with a nine - year - old boy .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a shark has washed up on a beach in aberdeenshire , off the south wales coast .s .
cambridge united extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1 - 0 victory over exeter city at cambridge united .
bus drivers in cardiff have voted in favour of a call to end a 48-hour strike .
derren brown 's use of a plastic bag to ` ` asphyxiate '' children was ` ` potentially harmful '' , a watchdog has ruled .
the us and arab nations have failed to reach an agreement on iran 's nuclear weapons programme , after talks failed .
a ukulele orchestra has lost a legal battle over a rival group 's use of german - based musicians .
slovakia is one of the world 's best - known and most isolated countries , but it is now a breakaway state .
police have launched an investigation into the death of a teenager who was shot by the army in 1972 .
a woman accused of causing the death of a man in a crash in aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was in a washing machine .
hibernian boss john duffy will face a disciplinary hearing over his conduct in the 0 - 0 draw with morton .
a woman who died after she was hit by a lorry in torry has been named by police .
championship side norwich city have signed wigan athletic midfielder alex dijks for an undisclosed fee and norwich defender michael dijks .
the owners of a former hospital in denbighshire have been told they must pay # 1.5 m to buy the site .
a couple who were taken to hospital after a light aircraft crash in hertfordshire have been found safe and well .
gemma arterton is to play in the west end production of the hit film made in dagenham .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has called for trade union leaders to be given a ` ` one voice '' .
guinea - bissau have reached the africa cup of nations quarter - finals for the first time .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has denied that president hugo chavez will be the next president of the country .
a group of prominent dissident activists in cuba have been detained by police in the capital , havana .
pedro caixinha 's ` ` own stamp '' on his rangers side 's opening day of the season will be ` ` harsh '' , according to former manager martin canning .
former england captain clint eastwood will miss the rest of the season after being diagnosed with a hamstring injury .
mexican authorities have decided to extradite mexican drug lord joaquin ` ` el chapo '' guzman to the united states .
surrey captain gareth batty took three wickets to help his side beat yorkshire by seven wickets in the one - day cup .
a doctor who developed chronic fatigue syndrome in iraq and afghanistan has been recognised in the new year honours list .
the syrian government says it is ` ` in war '' with the us and us after it failed to produce chemical weapons .
a florida man has appeared in court charged with the murder of five people at an airport in florida .
us president barack obama 's team has imposed sanctions on iran over its nuclear programme in the middle east .
the head of the vatican bank is to be replaced by a new boss , the bbc has learned .
the number of homeowners repossessed in england and wales has fallen by more than a third in the first three months of the year .
jo butterfield became the first disabled woman to win a world championship with victory at the european wheelchair basketball championships .
a rare copy of adolf hitler 's mein kampf is expected to fetch up to [ UNK ] # 1,000 at auction .
a ` ` sugar tax '' in food and drink is needed to tackle obesity , according to a new report .
two men have gone on trial accused of using money to help a syrian jihadist fighting the islamic state group .
the european union has said it will ` ` intensively '' negotiate a deal to end the migrant crisis in turkey .
national league side solihull moors have signed left - back luke williams on a one - year contract .
england 's men 's football team have been ` ` taken away '' from the rio olympics , according to former boss mark sampson .
the uk government decided to set up a tracking missile range in the western isles , according to documents released by the bbc .
german airline lufthansa has lost a legal challenge to a pilots ' strike in a dispute over pay .
a russian fighter jet has breached the nose of a us aircraft in the black sea , us officials say .
the head of the reserve bank of india has told the bbc that central banks may not have to carry the burden of reform .
a new intensive care unit at caithness general hospital is to be introduced at caithness hospital .
shrewsbury town have signed arsenal midfielders jake jebb and midfielder luke mcallister on loan until the end of the season .
conor mckee scored a hat - trick as ireland beat poland 3 - 0 to reach the world league 2 final in belfast .
billionaire chuck feeney is one of the richest people in the world , but he is a billionaire .
an ex - police officer who worked as a police officer has been cleared of fraud and misconduct .
mae heddlu ' r adeilad wedi cael eu galw o bobl yn cael eu bod yn yn yn cael ei ddiffod yn yn yng nghymru .
scotland 's farmers have been talking about the risks of leaving the european union , according to the scottish government .
a man who carried out an armed robbery at a greater manchester supermarket has handed himself in to police .
technology entrepreneur mark woodford has accused the uk government of failing to find a ` ` top 200 '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in woodland in surrey .
richard cockerill has left his position as head coach of leicester tigers after seven years in charge .
david lloyd 's maiden double century helped glamorgan secure a draw against glamorgan at hove . . . .   < q >
the air traffic control aircraft that crashed in taiwan 's south - eastern province last month has crashed into a river .
former foreign secretary david cameron has urged russia 's president vladimir putin to ` ` tackle corruption '' .
a pensioner who has been missing from a hospital in cardiff has been found , police have said .
it 's one of the world 's most famous place names , but it 's not so much that the town of beddau is named in wales .
you ' ve been using emoji to find out what you think about the biggest stories in the world .
bookmaker ladbrokes has reported a fall in profits for the first half of the year , blaming ` ` significant progress '' .
a man has died after being found seriously injured in a house fire in leicestershire , police have said .
older people in the western isles are having to wait too long for care , according to two health inspectors .
the bbc is to revamp its flagship programme today at wimbledon for the first time in its history .
the number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2005 .
a ` ` cathedral '' at a railway station in nottingham has opened to the public for the first time .
a man who killed his father in a ` ` toxic relationship '' with him has been jailed for 30 years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the situation in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- .
christian eriksen 's injury - time penalty earned tottenham a hard - fought victory over manchester city .
scotland 's political parties have been reacting to the news that holyrood should become the next government .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he is ` ` forced to accept '' the government 's bailout deal .
kenyan troops have captured cctv footage of a suspected al - shabab militant attack in the westgate shopping centre .
radiohead have suspended betting on the title track for the forthcoming james bond film spectre , following reports the band will be performing the title .
the father of a schoolgirl killed in a coach crash in belgium has said she is ` ` not quite right '' to return to school .
a woman has been taken to hospital after she was attacked by a dog in lincoln , police have said .
a consultant at the centre of the cairngorms is using a selfie to help people with depression .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has been killed by a gunman on his car , the country 's prosecutor says .
a lollipop lady was ` ` blind and blind '' when his car hit a woman outside a school , a court has heard .
scientists at cardiff university have developed a computer system that can identify cancer cells in the fight against cancer .
fierce fighting has erupted in the eastern libyan city of benghazi , following sunday 's offensive against islamists .
a man has been given a suspended jail term for starting a fire which badly damaged a hotel in devon .
china has criticised controversial new security laws that allow japanese troops to fight overseas in order to combat overseas .
arsenal reached the fa cup quarter - finals with a hard - fought victory over hull city .
the head of the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- , ken owens , has criticised the force 's handling of child abuse allegations .
the operator of a hotel in the borders is looking to recruit a new chief executive at its hotel .
virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- has come to an end at the oculus conference in london .
the first round of the efl cup , which was broadcast live on the bbc 's website , has been cancelled .
the m1 in county armagh has reopened after a crash involving a lorry and a lorry on the m1 .
britain 's andre ward will defend his world title against russia 's cheikh kovalev in saturday 's rematch .
lewis hamilton says he will not be affected by a ` ` psychological game '' in sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor in lincolnshire , police said .
babies with four or four or more more are three times more likely to develop poor health , according to a new study .
argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman .
a man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who died after being attacked by a dog .
a woman who brought her six - year - old son to the uk after a dispute with his estranged father has been struck off .
mps have apologised for ` ` significant wrongdoing '' at the news of the world .
we 're working with our body brigade -lrb- r1 -rrb- and we are looking for ways to make our own lives better .
a british man who travelled to syria to join islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been identified as one of the most dangerous jihadists in the country .
papers in china have criticised the us 's decision to block access to new islands in its own territory .
the tate gallery has said it is ` ` very happy '' the return of henry moore 's statue to london .
andy murray will play great britain in sunday 's davis cup semi - final against belgium in ghent .
holders manchester city will face holders arsenal in the last 16 of the europa league after the group stages .
brighton and hove albion fans have called for the club to be ` ` fining '' after homophobic chanting at a match .
odion ighalo scored twice as watford beat newcastle to move up to third in the premier league .
south wales police has voted to elect its new chief constable for the 2016 - 17 police force in wales .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower after the european central bank said it would raise interest rates .
barcelona have been fined $ 5.5 m -lrb- # 5.5 m -rrb- for the signing of brazil forward neymar .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a three - week - old baby in newcastle .
head coach steve tandy says there is ` ` question marks '' over the officiating of ospreys ' pro12 win over munster .
a three - year - old lion that escaped from an electric fence in south africa has been freed from captivity .
britain 's katie archibald won gold in the women 's individual pursuit at the european track cycling championships .
persistent rain has forced the abandonment of the first day of the county championship match between worcestershire and worcestershire .
the local government association -lrb- lga -rrb- has named the ` ` bizarre '' calls made by councils across england and wales .
a man has been stabbed to death in a ` ` brutal '' knife attack in greater manchester .
south korea 's opposition parties have ended the filibuster in the capital , seoul , on tuesday .
ams have voted in favour of the wales bill which aims to extend the transfer of powers to westminster .
exeter city striker sean morrison has joined league two side exeter city on loan until the end of the season .
us president donald trump has tweeted that a mass shooting in paris was a ` ` terrible thing '' .
three scots have been named in the great britain athletics team for the rio 2016 olympic games in rio .
thailand 's lydia ko has become the youngest player to win the lpga championship after winning the tournament in california .
former bond star daniel craig has described his role as ` ` the best actor toffee '' in his new book .
andrew weatherson scored a hat - trick as queen 's university beat queen 's park 3 - 2 to move into the scottish cup second round .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and film - maker adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the sounds of ghana 's capital accra .
former mclaren driver gerhard ryan says he is ` ` very excited '' to join the manor marussia team .
the cost of broadband in the uk is higher than advertised , according to a leading broadband charity , a report .
britain 's tom daley says he is ` ` very happy '' after winning the men 's 400 m freestyle at the world championships .
eight people have been charged in connection with an alleged brothel ring involving chinese and malaysian women , police said .
ballymena united have signed former glentoran striker darren boyce on a 30-month deal .
the isle of man 's owners are celebrating the 200th anniversary of the island 's 200th anniversary .
us investment bank jp morgan is planning to move hundreds of jobs out of london , according to a senior executive .
birmingham city have completed the signing of dundee striker greg stewart for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
there has been a ` ` dramatic '' rise in the number of neuro - training companies in the uk .
bbc scotland 's election debate will be streamed live on bbc radio 5 live on the bbc scotland website .
the royal navy 's new naval base will be built in portsmouth for the first time in more than 50 years .
two people have died in separate incidents at calais 's channel tunnel , according to the french government .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with disorder at celtic park .
the world 's first baby has been born in the uk using three - person ivf , according to reports .
it 's the biggest sporting event in the world , and it 's all about the world .
afc wimbledon are set to become the first non - league football club in the uk to reach the fa cup final .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has renewed its contract with the welsh football union over a year .
wycombe wanderers striker adebayo akinfenwa has said he was ` ` disappointed '' by his red card in sunday 's 1 - 1 draw with arsenal .
glamorgan 's bowler michael hogan took three wickets to help his side fight back against worcestershire at new road .
billionaire entrepreneur craig allen has announced plans to launch a new type of spaceplane into the private space industry .
the european union needs a ` ` complete overhaul '' of the eu , according to a leading german newspaper .
ukip has spent more than # 1 m on campaigning in the european elections , the electoral commission has said .
the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme in northern ireland was once described as a ` ` tragedy '' , the news letter tells the bbc .
a man has been charged after a woman was seriously injured in a suspected hit - and - run crash .
a 74-year - old woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a van in edinburgh .
a woman has appeared in court charged with concealing the body of a child who went missing 11 years ago .
tributes have been paid to two motorcyclists who died in a crash in aberdeenshire .
a 22-year - old man who escaped from a bus window in manchester city centre is being sought by police .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was struck by a car in west yorkshire .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in scotland has risen to its lowest level since records began , according to official figures .
a breast cancer patient was ` ` on the way to get cancer '' , a breast surgeon has told a court .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city striker michael vaughan for an undisclosed fee on loan until the end of the season .
sam allardyce says he will be happy if england are to win the 2018 world cup in slovakia .
league one side charlton athletic have signed defender lewis pearce from league one rivals wigan athletic for an undisclosed fee .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year - old was stabbed to death in west london .
toy - maker mattel hasbro hasbro has agreed to buy us toymaker hasbro for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
a school in weston - super - mare has closed its doors for the first time in two years .
hearts have signed hearts striker rubens rherras and defender conor sammon for an undisclosed fee .
belfast city council has said it is looking forward to the future of the bbc 's headquarters in belfast .
a second man has been charged with the murder of a father - of - three in bedfordshire .
a cambodia - based activist has been arrested on suspicion of crimes against the country 's forests .
google and samsung are working to fix a ` ` major security flaw '' that could allow hijackers to access their phones .
an indian court has acquitted two men accused of killing a teenage girl on an indian ocean island in 2008 .
accrington stanley have signed former australia striker frank herd and winger frank nouble on two - year contracts .
devante cole scored a hat - trick as fleetwood came from behind to beat high - flying fleetwood and reach the fa cup second round .
the home of renowned victorian author and author helen bell has been demolished in a ` ` poor state '' .
it 's one of australia 's most high - profile television presenters , jeremy fernandez , who has been accused of racially abusing his two - year - old daughter .
the founder of italian football club ac milan has called for a plaque to be unveiled in his home city .
former wales defender dean saunders says he is running out of clean clothes after going out of the euro 2016 tournament .
republican presidential hopefuls have clashed with the media after a tv debate in the us state of colorado .
wigan warriors have completed the signing of saracens winger sam tomkins on a three - year contract .
mary berry , the first black woman to win the oscars , says she 's ` ` lowest professional experiences '' .
two of southampton 's largest industrial estates have been bought by a company that owns the port of southampton .
a parade has taken place in yeovil to mark the 70th anniversary of the freedom of the town .
dame judi dench has signed a petition to raise money for a project to improve woodland in surrey .
hibernian midfielder kris commons says he has no plans for january or the end of the season .
the discovery of a seven - year - old boy 's body in a river in the scottish borders dominates the front page of the daily mail .
mclaren 's formula 1 team have come up with a bit of a disproportionate sum .
a large fire has broken out on the a777 in dumfries and galloway .
a man has been jailed for two years for using cannabis and a shotgun to sell drugs worth thousands of pounds .
the closure of a dumfries school has prompted a public consultation on plans to close the site .
singer - songwriter shakin ' stevens has been voted the bbc 's radio wales listeners ' choice award .
england batsman alex hales has received a # 4,000 donation from a fan who asked the cricket supporters for a bank account .
two men have been convicted of encouraging support for so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
mohamed aluko 's injury - time equaliser salvaged a point for nottingham forest against hull .
a borussia dortmund fan has been arrested in connection with an attack on the team 's bus in april .
a scheme to encourage people to take up swimming in a seaside town has been approved by the council .
the head of moldova 's ruling communist party has been elected in the first round of parliamentary elections .
weightlifter leo vardanian has failed a drugs test after testing positive for a steroid .
china 's economy has fallen to its lowest level since the 2008 financial crisis , according to official figures .
the majority of 16-year - olds do not follow an academic path , according to a lords report .
the wales air ambulance service is to be set up in north and mid wales , the health secretary has said .
lancashire all - rounder tom smith has announced he will retire from cricket at the end of the season .
kent have reported a pre - tax loss of # 182,000 for the financial year ending december 2015 .
a group of beached whales have been killed in a beaching incident in the faroe islands , experts say .
glasgow warriors have agreed a deal to sign hooker leone nakawara from glasgow warriors for next season .
liverpool reached the efl cup semi - finals for the first time with a stunning victory over leeds united .
plans to transform a historic nottinghamshire town into a visitor centre have been given a # 10 m grant .
belgium 's parliament has approved a ban on women wearing full - face veils in public spaces .
japan 's richest man , joko kita , is one of the world 's best - known businessmen .
a ` ` credible and agreed '' plan to protect oxford city centre 's main road into the city centre has been agreed .
great britain won the men 's 4x200 m relay title with victory in the final of the world championships in russia .
theresa may has accused china of being ` ` provocative '' and ` ` provocative and provocative '' .
the uk is one of the worst in europe , according to a new report from public health experts .
whistleblowing in england and wales is a key source of ` ` extraordinary courage '' , mps have said .
jockey michelle payne , the first female jockey to win the melbourne cup , has tested positive for a prohibited drug .
manager derek mcinnes was furious with celtic 's ` ` heroic '' performance in their 2 - 1 win over aberdeen .
the national farmers ' union -lrb- nfu -rrb- has decided to stay in the european union .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been sentenced to life in prison for their role in the massacre of 14 iraqi soldiers in november 2014 .
royal mail has painted eight postboxes in henley - on - thames in honour of olympic gold medallists .
it 's one of india 's best - known restaurants , but it 's not a recipe for fish .
greece is struggling to cope with the country 's debt crisis , and it is now in crisis .
plymouth argyle captain liam kelly has been charged with violent conduct by the football association for allegedly kicking a ball boy .
a new garden has opened at the children 's hospital in ceredigion to help children recover from cancer .
sam smith has been nominated for best album of the year at this year 's grammy awards in los angeles .
newport rfc 's proposed takeover of newport gwent dragons has been approved by the welsh rugby union .
residents of a surrey town are to hold a meeting to discuss the redevelopment of the town 's sheerwater estate .
monaghan will host donegal in saturday 's all - ireland football qualifier at croke park .
british rowing has launched an investigation into claims of bullying by a senior coach in an interview with a woman .
the independent news website may have been affected by malware on its website , according to a report .
aung san suu kyi , the first woman to be elected in myanmar 's presidential election , opened up in the commons on sunday .
victims of human trafficking and human trafficking are being urged to take action to stop them being involved in gangs .
the snp has won overall control of scotland 's councils , with the conservatives winning the overall majority .
swansea city are in talks to appoint former marseille boss marcelo bielsa as their new head coach .
a controlled explosion has been carried out on chemicals at cardiff university after a suspected explosive device was found .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a schoolgirl in the 1980s , 30 years after she was killed .
saudi arabia has announced the creation of a new military alliance in the fight against the islamic state group .
the co - operative bank has confirmed it is in talks with potential investors about recapitalising its pension scheme .
bbc wales is to move three of its local radio shows from pembrokeshire to ceredigion .
the ` ` eyes of the world '' have gone on display at walmer castle to mark the 200th anniversary of his death .
dr congo 's hopes of reaching the 2018 africa cup of nations quarter - finals were dented as they lost 1 - 0 to nigeria in the quarter - finals .
the government 's counter - terrorism strategy has become a ` ` toxic brand '' , a senior police officer has said .
spotify has launched a new music service that allows users to listen to the bbc 's schedule .
firefighters have been tackling a large fire at a pub in rhondda cynon taff .
the ulster university -lrb- uu -rrb- has warned that the uk 's membership of the european union could result in brexit .
a head teacher who used a spy pen to film pupils at a school has pleaded guilty to making indecent images of children .
fulham have re - signed denmark international martin tranmere rovers on a season - long loan deal .
lewis hamilton says there is an ` ` urgent '' need for team - mate nico rosberg to win the russian grand prix .
gateshead defender joe sweeney has signed a new one - year contract with the national league club . .
the new series of children 's tv show bob is to be launched on bbc one next year .
a man accused of murdering his landlord told a court he was ` ` angry '' about his ` ` break up '' .
china 's ding junhui beat china 's liang wenbo 4 - 3 to reach the quarter - finals of the world championship .
former team sky doctor dave brailsford says he is ` ` totally behind '' dave brailsford .
a 21-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the talktalk cyber attack in norwich .
hillary clinton and bernie sanders have clashed over who they say is the ` ` real progressive '' .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the bnp paribas open with a straight - set win over milos raonic .
a new plaque has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the sinking of the royal navy 's largest submarine .
a proposal to pardon gay and bisexual men convicted of offences has been approved by the northern ireland assembly .
a man and a five - year - old girl have died in a crash on the m4 in berkshire .
an australian man who travelled to syria to join so - called islamic state has been jailed for four years .
derbyshire have signed india internationals shiv thakor and shiv thakor for the 2016 - 17 season .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has set aside # 3.1 bn to settle claims over the financial crisis .
a teenager has been arrested in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in ballysillan , county londonderry .
a 55-year - old man has died after a car crash on the a90 in dumfries and galloway .
austria says it will introduce tougher measures to tackle the influx of migrants into the country 's passport - free schengen area .
haiti 's interim president michel privert has been sacked by the country 's national assembly after failing a deadline for fresh elections .
scotrail has announced a recruitment drive to create 100 new staff in scotland 's rail network .
a man who groomed a 13-year - old girl in australia has been jailed for seven years .
protesters have set fire to a police officer who died after he was stopped by officers during a demonstration .
the former head of nama has been arrested in connection with the sale of nama 's northern ireland property loans .
michael dunlop set the fastest time in the dundrod 150 superbike race at donington park .
the studio version of kendrick lamar 's long - awaited single to pimp a butterfly has been released on the streaming service .
a former wales rugby player has been forced to abandon a world - first attempt after climbing mount everest .
a man has been fined # 20,000 for using a petrol engine in a field in moray .
bt is considering split off the uk 's openreach division , according to the regulator ofcom .
russia 's state - owned tv has been showing live coverage of ukrainian troops fighting pro - russian separatists in eastern ukraine .
take that have announced a series of concerts at wembley stadium for the first time in more than a decade .
andy murray 's ` ` great achievements '' have been described as the greatest sporting achievement in history .
a group of dog walkers have been threatened with eviction from their nest in the north - west of england .
raith rovers have re - signed livingston striker aaron martin on a two - year contract after his release by livingston .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's main share index closed higher after the bank of england voted to leave the eu .
labour 's plans to scrap tuition fees and pay for tuition fees have been ` ` outrageous '' , former education secretary boris johnson has said .
bradford bulls say they have failed to reach an agreement to sign a new contract with the super league club .
a bus driver has been suspended after a video appeared to show two men fighting in the middle of a road .
the families of migrants who drowned in a boat in turkey 's north - east are still waiting to find their families .
wayne rooney has signed a new five - and - a - half - year contract with manchester united .
northern ireland 's economy minister , paul walsh , has said he will pay for air passenger duty .
the owner of a meat processing company has gone on trial accused of conspiracy to pass horsemeat off as beef .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the challenges faced by women in africa .
fifa has denied that an independent chairman will lead a reform taskforce set up by world football 's governing body .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has suspended the chief constable of south yorkshire police over the hillsborough disaster .
a powerful earthquake has struck central italy , killing at least 19 people and injuring more than 20 others .
a 21-year - old man has died after he was restrained by police on a street in dorset .
the royal yacht has been named scotland 's best visitor attraction for 10 years , according to a new report .
two men have been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a teenager was killed in a crash .
the islamic state group says it has released a photo of a uk hostage who was sent to guantanamo bay in 2002 .
a man who was jailed for nine years for immigration offences has lost a legal challenge against the home office .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has ordered the us to suspend all contact with the united nations .
edinburgh has been named scotland 's most congested city in a new survey of traffic jams .
the first group of syrian refugees will be resettled in northern ireland over the next five years , the government has announced .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in the peak district .
the use of private ambulances in london increased by more than a third last year , figures show .
the number of motorists being caught speeding on the m4 in wales has fallen for the first time .
wales and india will be among the world 's best performing arts projects in 2017 , organisers have announced .
huddersfield giants prop alex ta'ai has signed a new two - year contract with the super league club .
thousands of people have taken part in a charity concert in glasgow to mark the 10th anniversary of the earthquake in nepal .
pakistan has appointed a new head of the islamic state -lrb- isi -rrb- militant group as its new chief .
republic of ireland assistant manager michael o'neill says he is happy to remain as his assistant as manager .
oil and gas services firm proserv has won two new contracts with an offshore subsea firm .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found seriously injured in an area of central london .
liam raggett 's late equaliser earned dover victory over fellow national league strugglers welling .
league two side leyton orient have appointed andy edwards as their new manager on a two - year contract .
police in italy say they have arrested a man suspected of trying to fly an air dolomiti aircraft .
police have appealed for witnesses after a fire in east lothian left a man with serious injuries in hospital .
leyton orient chairman russell slade says the club 's takeover of the league two club will not be ` ` bigger than last season '' .
prominent human rights activist nabeer rajab has been freed from prison in bahrain after being released from prison .
dumfries and galloway council has announced plans to cut costs and make cuts to its services .
a minute 's silence has been held in memory of the 1966 world cup final between england and germany .
the pound has risen since the brexit vote , but it 's now more expensive than ever before .
a mental health worker who was accused of being ` ` dishonestly '' and ` ` dishonest '' was not seeking to return to social care , a hearing has heard .
australia 's prime minister tony abbott has urged the government to do more to help deal with refugees .
scottish secretary david mundell has been reappointed as the new scottish secretary for scotland .
british number one johanna konta is through to the semi - finals of the australian open after reaching the semi - finals .
a radar survey of an obelisk has been carried out by the national trust for the first time .
pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline has agreed to buy drugs for $ 1.2 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
south korea has accused the south korean government of ` ` appalling '' after it shut down a factory complex in north korea .
colchester united came from behind to beat bradford city and move into the league one play - off places .
people with type-1 diabetes in the uk will be offered a drug to stop them developing the disease , say researchers .
two men and a woman have been charged in connection with a demonstration at heathrow airport on saturday .
geordie shore star nathan has revealed he was ` ` 100 % nervous '' about his new series .
police are investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in bournemouth which they believe may have been linked .
the scunthorpe steelworks could be sold to a private equity firm , bbc radio 5 live has learned .
a galapagos tortoise , one of the world 's most famous tortoises , has died aged 80 .
a gun has been fired at a police car in londonderry , killing two officers and injuring two others .
researchers have published a detailed map of the world 's largest water resources , which is hidden beneath the surface .
the women 's fa cup final will be held at wembley for the first time in four years .
four men have been charged with murder after a man died following an attack at a mill in greater manchester .
the liberal democrats have won a by - election in england and wales , in the first of the 2015 general election .
a terminally - ill five - year - old sunderland fan will lose his fight against everton after his mother said he is ` ` heartbroken '' .
the world premiere of the biggest movie franchise in the world has been held in los angeles , usa .
league one side walsall have signed falkirk left - back callum leahy on a two - year contract .
england suffered a humiliating defeat by bangladesh in the second test in chittagong as bangladesh claimed a series victory .
the liberal democrats have pledged a ` ` northern powerhouse '' for carers in wales , deputy prime minister nick clegg has said .
a young couple who killed their two sons before they were found dead at their home were safe , an inquest has heard .
rochdale came from behind to beat scunthorpe and move into the league one play - off places .
plans to build 36 new homes in the govanhill area of glasgow have been approved by councillors .
tyson fury 's world heavyweight title rematch with wladimir klitschko will not happen again .
a man has died after his light aircraft crashed into a field in stoke - on - trent .
the us has called north korea to ` ` stop irresponsible provocations '' over its nuclear programme .
a funeral has taken place for a scottish couple killed in the tunisia beach attack in the resort of sousse .
the uk 's cyber - security agency has confirmed that it was behind the sony pictures cyber - attack .
a flagship surfing lagoon in north wales has been closed for the first time since it opened in august .
china 's first ever spaceplane has docked in china , the first in the country 's history .
six teenagers who carried out a series of ` ` sick game '' robberies in birmingham have been jailed .
a londonderry - based crisp maker has gone into administration with the loss of up to 50 jobs .
hackers have targeted us government workers in a cyber - attack , the white house has said .
thousands of people are expected to descend on edinburgh for the city 's new forth road bridge later .
a football club has apologised after a ` ` horrible '' noise was coming from a football ground .
mae heddlu gogledd cymru wedi cael eu galw yng nghaerdydd yng nghaerdydd .
actor peter anderson has spoken of his ` ` debilitating '' life after he was diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease .
advice on how to reduce the risk of skin cancer in australia has been changed , according to experts .
rebel - held parts of the syrian city of aleppo have been hit by an air strike by government aircraft .
newport gwent dragons wing matthew pewtner has announced he will retire from rugby at the age of 28 .
a german man has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the us , germany 's attorney general says .
sixteen - year - old motorcyclist john mcguinness has made a quick recovery .
gianfranco zola scored his first goal of the season as birmingham city came from behind to beat barnsley .
the government must ` ` get on '' with the brexit process , the government has said .
ukip 's new leader , john kassam , has urged the party to ` ` make great again '' .
queen 's university in belfast is to cut 1,000 student places over the next three years .
league one side bury have appointed lee clark as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
` ` i ' ve been sitting in my home , '' says prof paul van daunter , the former editor of the university of leeds , professor of leeds .
worcester warriors director of rugby stuart hogg says the club 's new pitch will help them find their ` ` potential '' .
a man has been jailed for sexually assaulting a 12-year - old girl while she was meeting .
a convicted child sex offender who was due to be released from a prison has been deported to england .
linfield came from behind to beat glenavon and move into the premiership play - off places .
chris brown has said that she is ` ` happy to be a dad '' with his former partner nia .
heavy rain has brought flooding to parts of warwickshire , with thousands of children stuck in cars and cars stranded .
eritrea 's government has been accused of being a ` ` attack '' on its borders , the un says .
three men have been jailed for beating a polish lecturer in the head during a burglary at his south london home .
a 12-year - old girl has been injured in an explosion at a harry potter theme park in florida .
russian military aircraft are ` ` trampling on international law '' in eastern ukraine , russian defence minister clare breedlove has said .
former ontario hockey player gordie howe has died at the age of 83 , his son has confirmed .
england 's record - breaking victory over new zealand at twickenham was the ` ` greatest ever '' of all blacks .
real madrid came from behind to beat 10-man real sociedad and go top of la liga .
premier league champions leicester city were held to a goalless draw by bournemouth in a thrilling encounter at vitality stadium .
the death of a man who was found in the sea off anglesey may have contributed to his death , an inquest has heard .
lyon and besiktas were forced to evacuate their fans after crowd trouble marred their europa league quarter - final .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in a wiltshire pub .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a car in gwynedd .
there 's a general election in greater manchester , with the main political parties in the north west going to the polls .
bristol city moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over ipswich town .
you might think you might have heard of the ` ` chaca '' in the mountains of chile .
google has launched its own smart home speaker and assistant , the company has confirmed , as the company 's latest product .
mae ' r democratiaid rhyddfrydol wedi cael eu bod yn rhyddfrydol yn yn yng nghymru .
a crowdfunding campaign to raise # 2.6 million to fund a legal action against uk troops involved in the iraq war has been launched .
jockey padraig harrington has won the punchestown gold cup for the second time in a row .
mps have voted in favour of the uk 's brexit bill after the house of lords voted to back the bill .
a new species of bird has been discovered in the himalayas in india for the first time in centuries .
nine football fans have been arrested after a fight between aston villa and leicester city in which a man died .
us president donald trump has nominated neil gorsuch to become the next us supreme court judge , the highest court in the us .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west belfast on thursday night .
giannelli 's contract has not yet been ` ` settled '' , according to manager mark hughes .
former world number one stephen hendry beat dave lines 4 - 0 to win the pdc world championship .
a man has been injured after shots were fired at a house in north belfast , police have said .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man at a fife graveyard has been discharged .
a new research centre is to be set up in wales to help tackle wounds in hospitals and hospitals .
england 's russell knox and paul casey share the lead at the wells fargo championship after the play - off in florida .
leonid slutsky says he will take charge of russia 's 2018 world cup qualifying campaign in 2018 .
chancellor george osborne has urged the treasury to provide ` ` fiscal confidence '' after the uk voted to leave the european union .
a humpback whale has been spotted off belfast 's northern ireland coast , the northern ireland environment agency has said .
the organisers of glasgow 's famous beach boys parade have said they will be ` ` determined '' to ensure the right of the orange order to march .
a memorial service has been held for rugby league player phillip jones , who died after collapsing during a match .
a man who beat his mother to death in a ` ` brutal and brutal '' attack has been jailed for eight years .
west ham have signed ravel morrison from manchester united for an undisclosed fee , believed to be about # 1 m .
about 1,500 migrants and refugees have been moved from the ` ` jungle '' camp in calais , french officials say .
a romanian hacker has been sentenced to four years in prison for hacking into us presidential candidate hillary clinton 's email account .
the holocaust memorial camp at germany 's former nazi concentration camp will not be affected by the holocaust .
former top gear star ed sheeran has admitted he is driving for the first time since he was taken off a racing track .
one of the world 's best - selling singers , a french singer who has died last year , has emerged from a secret relationship .
scotland 's women 's national team are in talks with the scottish football association over a pay dispute .
newport county boss graham westley says he is ` ` optimistic '' he will remain at the club until the end of the season .
the cuban government has denied that labiofam 's decision to use the names of two revolutionary - american ` ` revolutionary '' cigars .
scott gray 's second - half goal earned burnley a hard - fought victory over blackburn rovers at turf moor .
the conservatives ' plan to free school meals for infant pupils in england is a ` ` u - turn '' .
the uk 's exit from the eu would ` ` substantially '' reduce net migration , according to a new report .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has returned to the top of the confederation 's -lrb- fa -rrb- following the suspension of morocco for failing to host the tournament .
phil mickelson carded a six - under - par 65 to take a share of the lead at the open at royal troon .
leeds united have signed kalmar striker marcus antonsson on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
jack buck 's century helped northants to an eight - wicket win over durham on the opening day of their county championship match .
police officers in scotland are to carry tasers on suspects in the event of a terror attack .
azhar ali 's century put australia in a strong position on day two of the second test against pakistan in melbourne .
the us economy is ` ` off and running '' , according to a new report from ratings agency moody 's .
a man who claims he was exposed to asbestos in his care is suing highland council for failing to respond to claims .
england 's jason dufner shot a nine - under - par 66 to take a one - shot lead into the final round of the open .
scientists have built ` ` super - sensitive '' and ` ` super - sensitive 's skin skin skin '' .
it 's one of the most powerful countries in the world , the malaysian government has ever seen .
a report into the death of a prisoner in northern ireland has found there was no possibility of an alternative outcome .
the german city of hamburg has approved a new law which allows asylum seekers to be housed in accommodation for asylum seekers .
harper lee , the author of to kill a mockingbird , has been ordered to release a new book .
the daily and sunday politics are on - air six days for much of the year reporting the political news from westminster and beyond .
an ambulance service is to be ` ` compromised '' by ` ` performance issues '' , a health watchdog has warned .
republican frontrunner donald trump will take part in the first debate of the 2016 us presidential debate on tuesday .
a woman accused of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving has urged a judge to ` ` get back in heaven '' .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was attacked in a park in east london .
paint has been thrown over an orange hall in antrim , county antrim , in the wake of a hate crime .
the oculus rift virtual reality headset is going on sale at the consumer electronics show in las vegas .
the world 's largest wooden carving event will be held in the highlands this weekend , organisers have said .
one of the last days of woolly mammoths has died out of extinction , according to scientists .
the cia 's director of the cia , john brennan , has been hacked , the cia says .
a mother and her five - year - old son have been left unattended in the boot of a car .
actress keira knightley has married her former partner keira knightley at a wedding in france .
britain 's olympic long jump champion greg rutherford has apologised to his mother and sister after missing out on the final day of the super saturday .
the first series of breaking bad will be broadcast on channel 5 later this year , it has been announced .
victims of rape have been ` ` humiliated '' by a welsh mp , as part of a new law .
a terminally - ill five - year - old boy who had cancer has been given christmas cards in the united states .
a ` ` dedicated public servant '' has been jailed for the murder of a woman at a mental health unit .
jockey carl ackerman has been banned for two years after being found guilty of breaching the rules of horse racing .
crosscountry has confirmed there will be no changes to its timetables from december 2017 , the company has confirmed .
tributes have been paid to birmingham city football referee joel richards who died in the tunisian beach attack .
northern ireland 's ding junhui claimed his first win of the uk championship with a 6 - 3 victory over ding junhui .
nhs staff on six - figure salaries in england earn more than # 150,000 in the last two years , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
we ' ve been talking about a positive drugs test in scotland , but it 's not only a matter of days to go .
university staff in england are set to stage a four - day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
leigh centurions head coach graham rowley has quit as head coach of the super league club .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in dumfries and galloway .
a new form which allows people to name their husband and wife has been criticised by family lawyers . .
a sinn [ UNK ] mla has apologised after posting a tweet about steven nolan 's past .
the labour party is ` ` at least as bad as ever '' , former welsh secretary david howells has said .
britain 's andy murray has been accused of making ` ` obscene comments '' at andy murray 's european championships final victory .
tributes have been paid to a police officer who died after being hit by a bus in swansea .
tottenham defender jan vertonghen will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury , manager mauricio pochettino has confirmed .
east timor is one of the world 's most vibrant economies , and has a long history of stability .
belfast giants moved to within two points of elite league leaders cardiff devils by beating the braehead clan .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was attacked in a wearside street .
former birmingham city captain robbie savage has backed steve bruce to become the new manager of aston villa , according to former aston villa defender robbie savage .
denmark 's justice minister kristoffer kristelten and former justice minister martin teeven have resigned from the country .
the home office has apologised after it wrongly translating a note to migrants who have been told to speak english .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
pop star lorde is one of the world 's best - selling entertainers - but it 's a flu problem .
the police watchdog is to launch an investigation into the death of actress sian blake , who was found dead at her home .
hearts have signed defender david eckersley from danish side fc copenhagen on a two - year deal .
a disability benefit charity has said it is ` ` overwhelmed '' with demand for deaf people in wales .
police have appealed for information after a suspected world war two bomb was found at a fishing lake in fife .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has launched its propaganda app via messaging app telegram .
it 's one of the world 's best - selling animations , and it 's not the cinematic offerings .
president barack obama has re - opened a historic relationship between cuba and the united states in 1979 .
a 19-year - old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three - year - old boy was hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff .
a woman has been found guilty of raping and sexually abusing five children in norfolk and london .
a man who murdered schoolgirl paige doherty in a ` ` brutal and frenzied '' attack has been jailed for life .
aaron ramsey 's third goal of the season earned arsenal victory over norwich city at carrow road .
it 's one of the most talked - about websites in the world - and it 's not a bad thing .
the bbc is ` ` extremely concerned '' about plans to cut in - house production in wales .
it 's one of the most gruelling races in the history of the olympic cycling championships .
parts of scotland have been battered by strong winds and heavy rain in the north of the country overnight .
forty - five whales have washed up on the isle of skye , off the coast of skye .
maes parcio aml wedi cael eu cynllunio aml yn cael eu ffordd yng nghaerdydd .
an occupant has died in a fire at a block of flats in fife , police have said .
nigeria 's former military ruler muhammadu dasuki has been arrested in connection with a multi - million pound arms deal , officials say .
starbucks , the world 's biggest supermarket chain , has reported a sharp rise in sales in the last three months .
dunfermline athletic have been shortlisted for the scottish managers ' award for the second year running .
brian matthew , who has died at the age of 89 , was one of britain 's best - known entertainers .
foreign secretary philip hammond has said israel 's military action in gaza is ` ` unacceptable and unjustifiable '' .
batsman james vince says he would be ` ` ideal '' for england 's limited - overs t20 blast squad .
the people of timbuktu in the northern malian city of timbuktu are gathering in a small group of young people , as the bbc 's timbuktu looks at how the city is governed .
the head of the uk 's top schools has called for the country 's ` ` curriculum '' .
the head of a hunter who killed cecil the lion in zimbabwe has been found in his home , a conservation charity has said .
burundi 's security council has unanimously agreed to accept more than 50 police officers to help prevent violence in the country .
dundee - based finance firm alliance trust has announced that it is to leave the board of directors .
uk foreign secretary boris johnson has cancelled a visit to moscow to discuss the ` ` trojan horse '' crisis in syria .
braintree boss danny cowley says his side 's 2 - 0 win over barrow is ` ` living in cloud cuckoo land '' .
russia says it has ` ` categorically denied '' that russia carried out a ` ` witch - hunt '' against us president vladimir putin .
a public consultation is to be held on the future of a primary school in reading following an inspection .
police are appealing for information after a 79-year - old woman was assaulted in her home in south lanarkshire .
prime minister david cameron is to hold a summit on the fight against corruption in a bid to tackle the problem .
two polish men have denied claims that a nazi train rumoured to be buried near the german city of walbrzych was buried .
tesco has agreed to sell its fresh & easy brand to the owner of yucaipa .
ipswich town have signed reading striker alex huws on loan until the end of the season and brought in reading forward george samuel on loan .
usa 's katie ledecky won the women 's 400 m freestyle at the world swimming championships in florida .
a campaign to stop the spread of tb in cheshire has been launched by a farmers ' union in cheshire .
great britain have won three gold medals at the para - cycling world rowing championships in rio .
a search is under way for a scottish botanist who has been missing for more than a week in vietnam .
jessica ennis - hill 's future at the world championships will be a ` ` tough decision '' , says toni minichiello .
more than 7,000 people have been infected by the deadly earthquake in haiti , the un says .
the uk 's exit from the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- is not good enough .
preston north end manager simon grayson says he is close to signing defender bailey wright , who has signed a new contract .
a christmas song penned by a church of england vicar to promote the new vicar has been shared online .
a man accused of murdering his wife in essex died from flammable liquid , a court has heard .
the nhs in england is seeking to save # 26 m over the next five years , it has announced .
the uk 's three brexit ministers are set to hold talks with the european union on the final day of negotiations .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has vowed to ` ` do our best '' after he was sworn in as head of state governors .
it 's the election campaign that has been in the midst of the general election campaign , with many of the biggest parties in british politics .
the irish premiership club institute 's home game against ballyclare has been cancelled because of heavy rain .
an 11-month - old boy who died from sepsis could have survived in hospital , an inquest has heard .
a man has been arrested in hong kong on suspicion of stealing $ 1,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,200 -rrb- from an airline .
nigeria 's military says it has detained a 16-year - old girl in the north - eastern state of chibok for her first time .
league two side morecambe have signed midfielder tom barkhuizen on a deal until the end of the season .
an exhibition of art by matisse has opened at london 's tate gallery , with some describing it as ` ` an inspiration '' .
a ` ` sprinkle some magic '' on the tracks has arrived at a kent railway station .
you might have heard of the world 's most powerful virtual reality headset , but you might not have to play it .
the uk 's industrial output fell by 0.4 % in february , according to official figures .
the nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has suspended ivory coast international goalkeeper stephen keshi for failing to attend a disciplinary hearing .
a seattle seahawks has set a new world record for noise in the first nfl game of the season .
human rights activists in the democratic republic of congo have called for an investigation into the discovery of human rights at a cemetery in the capital , kinshasa .
a us judge has ruled that a strike by players in the united states is not eligible to go ahead .
st johnstone have signed striker steven maclean on a one - year contract following his release by blackburn rovers .
nigeria 's football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has been occupying the headquarters of the football federation 's headquarters in lagos .
the scottish labour party can no longer turn to the ` ` big beasts '' , its leader has said .
chancellor philip hammond has criticised the government 's autumn statement after it failed to use the autumn statement .
the number of taxi and private hire car drivers in scotland has risen by more than a third in a year .
the uk 's first children 's laureate , who has been named the new national book laureate .
a man has died and seven people have been injured in a knife attack on a train in st gallen , police say .
plans to cut # 1.3 m a year by cutting costs for schools in dumfries and galloway have been scrapped .
the us supreme court has backed the obama administration 's plan to settle the issue of contraceptives .
police in the us state of michigan say they have arrested a woman accused of stealing her own gun .
scientists have built tiny ` ` tiny '' fingerprint structures in a lab lab in the uk .
indian schools are being urged to take action against the government over what it calls ` ` meat '' .
england all - rounder moeen ali says he is ` ` more than happy '' to play against india and australia .
oil prices have fallen for the first time since 2010 as oil prices fell for the second time in a row .
a hospital in lincoln is recovering after hackers demanded a ransom from a hospital 's computer systems .
channel 4 director shane meadows is to return to tv with a new series of the 1987 film the lol .
three primary school cleaners in yorkshire have been sacked for ` ` gross misconduct '' , the bbc has learned .
turkey has accused turkey of ` ` irresponsible steps '' over its air strikes in syria .
the chief constable of avon and somerset police is to return to work with the force 's chief constable .
england 's batsmen dominated the second day of the first test against australia at cardiff city stadium .
bolton wanderers defender dorian der stewart has signed a new two - year contract with the league one club .
the leader of the flandreau community in the us state of oregon has vowed to hold a ` ` clean slate '' in an attempt to stop the sale of marijuana on their land .
nottingham forest striker britt assombalonga has said he is willing to leave the championship club .
surrey boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from division two by beating nottinghamshire by an innings and 88 runs .
swansea city are interested in appointing paul clement as their new manager , bbc radio norfolk understands , bbc wales understands .
the owner of a shop in the uk says she is considering changing the name of the islamic state group .
an inquest into the death of a woman who needed emergency neurosurgery at a hospital has concluded there is a risk of future deaths .
relatives of 43 students who went missing in mexico say they believe they were responsible for the disappearance of 43 trainee teachers .
two people who died in a drowning accident in australia 's most populous state have been named by police .
england netball player chloe housby has signed a new five - year contract with the superleague .
the death toll from a mass stranding of hundreds of whales off the southern indian state of tamil nadu has risen to more than 50 , officials say .
the world 's first giant offshore wind farms have been moved into place off peterhead in norway .
the government 's decision to leave the european union is a ` ` moment of judgement '' .
a uk student has developed an app that would help search and rescue people who are in danger of natural disasters .
crystal palace have sacked manager sam allardyce after seven months in charge of the premier league club .
south africa 's highest court has rejected an appeal against the conviction of oscar pistorius for killing his girlfriend .
a man has been found guilty of masterminding a # 160,000 car insurance scam .
a network of lorry drivers has been brought in to help deal with disruption on the m20 .
ed sheeran has announced he is taking ` ` a bit of a bit '' as he prepares for his world tour .
luke berry scored twice as cambridge united came from behind to beat cheltenham 3 - 1 in league two .
ireland produced a stunning second - half performance to beat ireland and maintain their unbeaten start to the six nations .
an aerospace company has said it is to close its contact with a helicopter company based in a devon town .
rights violations in indian - administered kashmir have ` ` failed to deliver justice '' , according to amnesty international .
the family of an 11-year - old boy who died from ` ` self - suspension '' have called for an inquest into his death .
a venezuelan military aircraft has been shot down in the south - eastern state of the country .
safety guidance has been issued for people riding hoverboards in london while they are on charge .
former us congress speaker chaka fattah has been convicted of fraud and money - laundering .
a former guantanamo bay detainee has been sentenced to life in prison for his part in the bombing of us embassies in 1998 .
us president donald trump has signed a new executive order to ban citizens from muslim - majority countries .
mae heddlu ' r heddlu yn sirhowy arms wedi dweud wrth iddyn nhw yn nhw ' n cael ei garcharu amheuaeth o gefnod yng nghymru .
` ` pop stars '' like jennifer lopez , ` ` glow '' , ` ` do n't seem to be a pop legend ? ''
ireland 's shane lowry holds a share of the lead after the third round of the us pga championship .
the family of a uk - based journalist who died in turkey have said they are ` ` deeply sceptical '' about her death .
wales manager chris coleman will remain as manager until ` ` many years '' , according to his team - mate gareth ledley .
scunthorpe united extended their unbeaten run to seven games with victory over league one strugglers fleetwood town .
four men have appeared in court charged with ` ` international terrorism '' after being charged with terrorism .
police have released an image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in dumfries .
tributes have been paid to a teenager who died after her car plunged into a river in loch awe .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she will ask people to take part in an opinion poll on independence .
nico rosberg headed a ferrari one - two in first practice at the singapore grand prix as title rival lewis hamilton struggled .
broadband providers will have to show ` ` all - informed '' prices , under new rules announced by the advertising standards authority .
police are appealing for witnesses after six cars were targeted in a spate of vandalism in edinburgh .
payment protection insurance -lrb- ppi -rrb- is becoming a ` ` lottery '' , according to a consumer expert .
salford red devils winger josh sneyd has signed a new one - year contract with the super league club .
nigeria defender kenneth omeruo has joined turkish side kasimpasa on a season - long loan .
the former leader of the philippines , yahya jammeh , is suspected of stealing millions of dollars from the country 's state funds .
author alan solomons has won the best children 's book of the year at the waterstones children 's bookshop .
more than 100,000 people have taken part in an anti - abortion march in belfast .
full - back mark williams has been named in the new zealand international squad for the 2017 - 18 season .
councils in england are being urged to bid for a share of the money they collect once a fortnight .
a drugs gang which smuggled heroin into south wales has been jailed for four years and four months .
a school in oxford has changed its name to the islamic state militant group after it changed the name of the ` ` jihadist group '' .
a 12-year - old boy has set a new world record for the fastest potato trolley in the uk .
united states women 's world cup winner hope solo has been banned for three weeks after failing a drugs test .
salford red devils will face hull fc in the semi - finals of the challenge cup , while hull fc will face leeds rhinos .
former x factor winner jim hall is among the nominations for this year 's kia music prize , which will include david bowie 's death .
vanuatu has been hit by a powerful cyclone that hit the pacific island of vanuatu on saturday , with thousands of people killed .
google has ended its project to bring internet access to remote parts of the world , the company has confirmed .
a woman has died in a three - vehicle crash on the a9 in dalwhinnie in dumfries and galloway .
a public inquiry into plans to build a # 1bn motor racing track in blaenau gwent has been opened .
shares in deutsche bank have fallen sharply in the first half of the year after the company warned of a ` ` weak economic environment '' .
wrexham 's national league play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they lost 2 - 1 at home to port vale .
i ' m looking forward to making video games , but i ' m eager to find out how to become a game designer .
rangers maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a comfortable victory over queen of the south at kingspan stadium .
the political parties in england and wales say they are going to clamp down on tax evasion .
a muslim teacher who was denied entry to the united states after a school trip has been denied entry .
the casement park project needs to address ` ` issues '' with the project , a report has said .
how do you browse the internet and social networking websites like raspberry pi and massimo dudgets ?
turkey 's prime minister has said he is ready to work with the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria and iraq .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in the annual tomato - racing festival in the us state of georgia .
plans to transform cardiff 's grade ii - listed building into flats have been approved by councillors .
west ham 's move to the olympic stadium will take place in the capital 's east end on saturday .
actor stuart broadbent is to star in a tv drama about the great train robbery of london .
olly murs and caroline flack have been announced as the new host of the x factor .
manager derek mcinnes believes his aberdeen side will finish second in the scottish premiership after beating rangers 3 - 0 .
wales are capable of reaching the knockout stages of euro 2016 , according to manager aaron ramsey after qualifying for euro 2016 .
league one side mk dons have signed bradford city striker jay daston on loan until the end of the season .
parts of bournemouth 's jurassic coast have been damaged in a landslip , the council has said .
the met police 's director of staff has been given the go - ahead by the bbc .
wales air ambulance has launched a new ` ` mini - cab '' incubator system on its helicopters .
thousands of people are expected to take part in this year 's world snow festival , which organisers say is the biggest event in the world .
glasgow warriors moved up to second in the pro12 with a bonus - point win over leinster at the rds .
police are investigating the murder of a 67-year - old man in saltcoats and saltcoats .
the number of small and medium - sized firms going into administration has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to new figures .
cardiff blues reached the european challenge cup quarter - finals with a bonus - point victory over pau .
three women have been arrested after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool at a leicester school .
league two side oldham athletic have signed former wigan athletic midfielder nicky morgan - smith on a one - year deal .
anti - social behaviour in edinburgh is being blamed for the city 's anti - social behaviour .
the chief of india 's dera sacha sauda religious sect has resigned from the censor board over a controversial film .
danny porter has left his position as chief executive of league two side leyton orient after seven years in charge .
it 's one of the world 's most popular dairy farms , but how do you stop it ?
a body found in the river severn has been confirmed as that of a missing man , police have said .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has been fined $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- by the hong kong watchdog for failing to alert regulators .
mount kilauea , the world 's most famous volcano in japan , has been taking place in japan .
britain 's chris froome retained the vuelta a espana as italy 's matteo trentin won stage four .
mobile phone operator ee has been ranked as the best in the uk , according to a new study .
american patrick reed says he wants ` ` sweet revenge '' for his ryder cup team after finishing joint third in the final round of the tournament .
organisers of the brighton festival say they are ` ` disappointed '' that organisers have pledged support for aung san suu kyi .
a passenger plane has crashed in colombia , killing at least seven people and injuring more , officials say .
a man has been found not guilty of stealing a cat which was stolen from a care home in kent .
israel 's anti - terrorism agency has issued a warning of the dangers of terror attacks in india .
a former teacher who was sexually abused by a pupil at a private school in moray has said he is ` ` hopeful '' there will be no progress .
uk retail sales volumes fell by 0.2 % in april compared with the same month last year , according to official figures .
facebook has launched a new messenger app that allows users to post messages via the messenger app for the first time .
when i first met my friends online , i ' ve spent the last two years in a relationship .
it 's a time for facebook to move in to the site of menlo park in california .
author philip hammond is to star in a new bbc one drama based on his best - selling books .
norwich city have re - signed midfielder jason surman on loan from norwich city until the end of the season .
thousands of people in costa rica have been evacuated from their homes and businesses after an eruption of ash .
prime minister theresa may has urged the families of the 96 hillsborough victims to be held to account for their ` ` full truth '' .
saracens secured a european champions cup quarter - final with a bonus - point win over oyonnax .
a 15-year - old girl who went missing from her home in leicestershire has been found dead .
exeter scrum - half dan chudley will miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
a teenager accused of murdering labour mp jo cox has told a court he did not believe the ` ` race traitors '' .
the northern ireland economy grew at its fastest pace in more than 20 years in 2013 , according to the latest official figures .
nico rosberg set the pace in final practice at the season - opening australian grand prix as title rival sauber 's title hopes were boosted .
equiniti , the operator of the passport office , has won a contract worth more than # 500,000 .
turkey says it is ` ` on a par with a terrorist organisation '' after turkish forces launched an offensive in syria .
the parents of a schoolgirl who died when she was crushed by a lorry have raised safety guidelines .
the bbc spotlight poll on northern ireland 's decision to hold a border poll on thursday is a political question .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a french official has been arrested in the southern indian city of bangalore after allegedly raping a young girl .
scientists have discovered a mysterious hotspot on jupiter 's icy atmosphere , which is now hot .
the fa cup reaches the semi - finals of the tournament in england and wales on saturday , when the tournament gets under way .
the jury in the case of footballer ched evans accused of rape has retired to consider its verdict .
two men who were involved in an international drugs operation in northern ireland have been jailed for six years .
us cable giant twc has agreed to buy time warner cable in a deal worth $ 78bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 57.7 bn -rrb- .
tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a gun attack in east belfast .
the head of ukraine 's foreign minister has accused the us of being involved in the ukraine crisis .
bangladesh 's supreme court has sentenced a prominent islamist leader to death for crimes against humanity during the 1971 war of independence .
an abercrombie tweet criticising the ` ` gay community '' has caused a stir on social media .
leigh centurions pair joe pick and joe bateman have been banned for two years after being found guilty of drugs offences .
the bbc 's sports personality of the year will be announced in december 2014 , the bbc has announced .
it 's one of the biggest challenges of disability life in the uk , but what does it mean for disabled people ?
west indies produced a superb run - scoring performance to beat england by seven wickets in the first one - day international in abu dhabi .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a train in london .
two female journalists have been found dead in the north - eastern libyan city of derna , officials say .
a nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison for attempting to bomb a plane in the us .
the former head teacher of the bakery chain greggs has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing boys .
a new scheme to help people affected by rare diseases in northern ireland has been launched by a new group .
a former employee of the late prime minister , sir edward heath , says she has ` ` no involvement '' with him .
four men have been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after four people were killed in a crash in west yorkshire .
a vegetable grower has won the world record for the heaviest pumpkin ever found in the united states .
a woman who died in a two - car crash in the scottish borders has been named by police .
a teacher accused of raping a student in his car used his power and influence , a court has heard .
bullying is ` ` on the rise '' in scotland 's schools , according to msps .
portsmouth 's hopes of reaching the league one play - offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by peterborough .
a number of people have been evacuated from homes and businesses after heavy rain caused flooding in north wales .
the first men 's and women 's tennis championships takes place at the end of the season .
burnley midfielder joey barton has had his six - match ban for betting on matches overturned by the football association .
one of the hardest - selling killers in the history of his new album , the killers , says he 's ` ` dream '' .
work to improve rail services between south wales and london will begin in september , the rail network has announced .
british number two kyle edmund lost to kazakhstan 's stan wawrinka in the quarter - finals of the chennai open .
the head of the national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- says he is willing to share information about president donald trump 's contacts with the president .
a high court judge has overturned a legal challenge to plans for a wind farm in denbighshire .
dublin beat mayo 1 - 9 to 0 - 9 in sunday 's all - ireland football final at croke park .
a group of influential african leaders has launched a $ 5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 5 m -rrb- prize for democracy .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused the deputy chief of being ` ` arousing '' and ` ` terrifying '' .
a man has been arrested after a car was seized in south - east london with no insurance .
a computer used by german forces during world war two is to be reconstructed by the uk .
a mass brawl between cadets at west point academy in the us state of new york is being investigated by police .
a computer system that allows users to sign on to tablets and tablets has been developed by engineers at the university of surrey .
an 18-year - old man who was punched in the face by a nurse at bristol dental hospital has died in hospital .
police in india have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a woman in the capital delhi .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at the government 's plan to cut the number of nurses working in private schools .
american zach johnson says he is ` ` in good shape '' after carding a four - shot lead at the north carolina open .
a northern ireland council has apologised for failing to secure a council 's christmas lights switch on .
world number one mark selby and marco fu reached the world championship quarter - finals with a 6 - 2 win over china 's ding junhui .
a sheffield green party councillor has been charged with illegally dislodging street trees in the city .
former aston villa owner dr dr tony xia has been named as the new chairman of the club .
a murder investigation has been launched after a teenager was stabbed to death in north - east london .
in the wake of the ousting of president hosni mubarak in february 2011 , the events that led to the overthrow of egypt 's army in 2011 .
peterborough united have extended the loan spell of left - back dominic westley until the end of the season .
carrick rangers have been cleared of breaching the irish fa 's disciplinary code of conduct by the carrick rangers manager .
league two side luton town have signed former fulham and luton town defender gary lawless on a two - year deal .
police are posing for selfies with members of the public to discuss the rise of online rock star julian waft .
the bank of england 's chief economist , sir john vickers , has told the bbc that ` ` bankers '' are in danger of a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis .
the world 's most powerful greenhouse gas could be effectively eliminated from phase out in the ozone layer .
the uk employment rate fell by 2 % in the three months to november , according to official figures .
manchester city boss pep guardiola is one of the best coaches in english football , according to former manchester city defender pep guardiola .
league two side notts county have signed nottingham forest midfielder jake yates on a season - long loan deal .
a man has been convicted of murdering a friend in a ` ` drunken and angry '' attack in east renfrewshire .
the world 's longest - reigning monarch , bhutan , is one of the most isolated countries in the world .
the brother of a man who died after he and his brother were trampled in a field has said he wants to improve safety .
aldershot town have appointed andy waddock as their new manager on a two - year deal .
politicians should stop talking about the ` ` hard and soft brexit '' , a former welsh tory leader has said .
the controversy between apple and the fbi over the use of public key encryption has been raised in the us .
the widower of a woman who died after being restrained by police was ` ` enthralled '' , a coroner has ruled .
the labour party 's leader , hilary benn , is in the midst of a coup in may .
ulster pair iain henderson and tommy bowe will miss saturday 's pro12 match against italian side zebre .
two men have been seriously injured in a ` ` targeted attack '' at a house in aberdeen .
a male bird has made himself ` ` well and truly at home '' after arriving at a perthshire wildlife reserve .
strictly come dancing 's aliona vilani has announced she will retire from the next series of 2016 .
the number of children being placed for adoption in england has fallen for the first time in five years .
china won the men 's table tennis gold medal at rio 2016 with a 3 - 1 victory over japan .
the owner of a comedy club in the us , which opened last year , says he has no experience of running .
the european professional football league -lrb- epfl -rrb- has agreed to allow the champions to play the same night as european matches .
it 's one of the world 's most famous crocodile farms , but how do you remove eggs from their farms ?
a group of women have spoken of their ` ` shock and devastation '' at the conduct of their relationships .
women 's super league one club sunderland have signed england under-23 striker beth mead from arsenal ladies .
` ` severe weather '' could affect tens of thousands of rail journeys across the uk by 2050 , a report has said .
us president donald trump 's decision to pull out of the paris climate agreement is ` ` unrealistic '' , according to a new study .
manchester city have accepted a football association charge of failing to ensure they are tested for drugs and training .
a soldier has been found guilty of killing a soldier in a ` ` despicable '' attack in powys .
a driver has been stopped by police after he was caught doing 51 mph in a 30 mph zone .
a levy on car parking at work has come into effect in a bid to cut the number of workers in the uk .
a girl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike was ` ` like the tasmanian devil '' , her parents have said .
a man has been reunited with his father 's suitbag after it was stolen from a ceremony .
at least 13 people have been killed in a stampede at ethiopia 's annual irecha festival , officials say .
cardiff city came from behind to beat bristol city and move to within three points of the championship play - off places .
swansea city came from behind to beat swansea city and move up to fourth in the premier league table .
two dyfed - powys police forces have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by inspectors .
nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the western indian city of mumbai .
tottenham striker harry kane is ` ` not for sale '' , according to manager mauricio pochettino .
scotland 's vote to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- is not possible for a second referendum .
kyle edmund will face spain 's sergio garcia - lopez in the second round of the china open .
edinburgh will move to myreside 's new home ground in 2016 - 17 , the club has announced .
in the wake of the recent cyber - attack in ukraine 's capital , kiev , the bbc 's boris clinic was in the centre of kiev .
french actress and actress julie lebeau has died at the age of 89 , her family has confirmed .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side 's champions league defeat by malmo was a ` ` hard lesson '' for his side .
alloa athletic have appointed gary ross as their new manager on a two - year deal , with the option of a further year .
the former chief constable of the public prosecution service -lrb- imc -rrb- , lord aldervie , has said he is ` ` disappointed '' there is no agreement on the formation of a new body .
macclesfield extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1 - 0 victory at eastleigh .
the government has been accused of failing to recover ` ` historic '' # 3.9 bn in maintenance arrears .
lebron james has become the most valuable player in the nba 's all - time list , according to the cleveland cavaliers .
a chinese eastern airlines flight from sydney to china eastern airlines had to return to australia after an engine problem .
celtic winger patrick roberts says he is ` ` thoroughly enjoying '' his career after signing a new contract .
a court in indonesia has ordered the death penalty for the rape and murder of a 14-year - old girl in april .
us president barack obama has urged kenya 's leaders to take ` ` visible prosecutions '' over corruption .
hundreds of people have attended a memorial to a teenage boy who died when he fell from a balcony in paris .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the results of kenya 's presidential election .
a scottish curry industry has urged the government to review visa rules which require foreigners to be recruited on immigration .
` ` we need to be careful and not to lose hope '' about getting aid to syrians .
scotland 's ross lawrie says he will be ` ` bit the bullet '' when he takes part in an operation on his foot .
eu leaders are meeting in brussels on tuesday to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis in syria .
italy 's top leaders have urged the european union to take in more refugees from libya and italy .
a pilot is in a critical condition in hospital after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in lincolnshire .
more than 100 soldiers have been contacted by police in connection with the investigation into bloody sunday in londonderry .
sierra leone has declared a curfew in a crackdown on the spread of the deadly ebola virus .
the families of the 96 hillsborough victims have called for a new law to be introduced in england and wales .
a man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a falling tree in the early hours of the morning .
blackpool football club chairman owen oyston has been ordered to pay # 30,000 to the owner of the club .
a 13-year - old boy from calais , who has travelled to the uk for the first time , says he will do ` ` whatever it takes '' .
ulster maintained their winning start to the pro12 season with a bonus - point win over treviso at kingspan stadium .
plans to build hundreds of new homes in connah 's quay in flintshire have been unveiled .
two satellite - resolution cameras have been placed on the ground in a spacewalk in moscow .
northern ireland 's department of finance is to sell off # 15 m of loans to northern ireland .
police in the german city of berlin have opened fire on a police station in the capital , berlin .
police in thailand say they have made people suspects suspects in the murder of a british backpacker in thailand .
league two side accrington stanley have signed former nottingham forest midfielder callum wilson on a one - year contract .
a woman accused of sexually abusing children has told a court she felt ` ` dirty and ashamed '' .
burnley striker sam vokes has signed a new three - and - a - half - year contract with the championship club .
labour needs a ` ` radical '' leader to win the general election , the welsh government has said .
turkey 's government has blocked access to the tor network in a crackdown on internet censorship , a watchdog says .
the syrian opposition group human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- says it has uncovered evidence of abuses against humanity in the country .
the football federation -lrb- fmf -rrb- says it will impose sanctions on mexico over homophobic chants .
former first minister elis - thomas has accused plaid cymru of ` ` constitutional challenge '' .
former england batsman nick compton says he is a ` ` self self selfie '' after he was dropped from the test side .
a man has died and another is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in birmingham .
the chairman of gatwick airport has accused the government of ` ` disrespectful '' its work on airport expansion .
a 21-year - old man has been killed in a shooting at a pool party in surrey .
world number two stuart bingham says he is ` ` too comfortable '' in his wife 's ` ` missus '' baby '' .
a fire that destroyed a historic factory in nottingham is being blamed for the city 's ` ` cultural heritage '' .
england women 's rugby world cup holders new zealand beat australia 14 - 10 to win the final of the tournament .
a former tv producer who posed as a hitman to kill his wife has been jailed for 17 years .
more than 13,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a 30 mph zone , a campaign group has claimed .
the man accused of masterminding last week 's deadly bomb attack in spain has appeared in court in madrid .
us president donald trump has signed an executive order on the trans - pacific partnership -lrb- tpp -rrb- trade deal .
a 17th century oil painting by a pembrokeshire artist has been bought by the national trust for # 2 m .
luton town have offered new contracts to seven players , including goalkeeper andy king and goalkeeper andy potts .
a humpback whale has been spotted off the south west coast of scotland , police have said .
britain 's greg rutherford won the 400 m at the great north run to become the first british woman to win three world titles .
the queen has been criticised for releasing a footage of the queen 's hand - shaped arm in a nazi salute .
when fijian rugby player juan matavesi died at the age of 83 , his family decided to pay tribute to him .
a road in oxford which was closed for more than a year because of an increase in the number of pedestrians is to be extended .
athletes who use hot cups on their skin are being encouraged to help them recover from the effects of injuries .
chris forrest 's injury - time equaliser earned scotland a 1 - 1 draw with england in their world cup qualifier in slovakia .
pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- has been fined by the competition watchdog .
lewis hamilton says he will ` ` give everything '' if he wins the united states grand prix .
derby county boss daryl powell says the club 's players must ` ` get on '' with boss nigel pearson 's suspension .
the cleveland indians beat the chicago indians 4 - 1 to win the world series for the first time since 1945 .
bitcoin , the world 's biggest bitcoin virtual currency , has been hit by controversy .
picasso 's painting la gommeuse has sold for $ 66.7 m -lrb- # 57.4 m -rrb- at a new york auction .
nigel farage has been confirmed as the new editor of the fox news network , which he is to host the inauguration of donald trump .
the former scottish labour leader , joanne lamont , has resigned from the role of the party leader .
a police officer has described the ` ` most rewarding '' call for help to deliver a baby .
french energy firm edf has said it will decide on whether to build a new nuclear power station at hinkley point c in somerset .
jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- has announced plans to create 1,000 new jobs at its solihull site .
jockey frankie dettori produced a masterful ride to win the 1000 guineas at newbury for the first time .
a 35-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the republic of ireland .
a football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling during a game has said he was ` ` pretty shocked '' .
a 21-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences .
israel has withdrawn a senior australian diplomat from australia 's embassy in canberra over the killing of an australian man .
knitted bunting could be turned into ` ` mini - jersey '' by cambridge city council , according to its creator .
mae croeso yng nghaerdydd wedi cael ei gartrefnogi yng nghaerdydd yn yn cael eu croeso yn yn yng nghaerdydd .
a scottish salmon company has reported a loss of more than 5,000 tonnes in the last three months .
northern ireland 's economy will continue to grow in 2016 , according to a report from consultancy pwc .
three - time olympic champion sarah tait has died at the age of 36 , her family has confirmed .
the family of a murdered teenager who was found dead in the river thames have called for an inquest into her death .
iceland 's economy was once again recovering from its collapse in 2008 , but it was not a good place for the country .
a teacher in spain has been arrested on suspicion of illegally sharing images of pupils on the internet , police say .
montrose moved up to fourth in the scottish league two table with a comfortable victory over arbroath .
thousands of supporters of king abdullah of jordan have taken part in a protest in the capital , amman .
a woman accused of murdering her five - year - old son at belfast 's mental health hospital has been granted bail .
plans to revive local councils in north wales have been unveiled by the welsh government 's finance minister .
the bbc 's ten pieces of classical music will be played in the opening of this year 's bbc proms .
the owner of gopro , the world 's bestselling drone maker , has announced that the company is to launch a quadcopter .
a engineering company in the highlands has secured more than # 500,000 in funding from the scottish government .
a young woman in the middle of the world has given birth to the bright lights at the age of 31 .
one of africa 's best - selling singers , papa olomide , has been arrested in the democratic republic of congo on suspicion of assault .
a new park and ride service will be introduced at a hospital in south wales to ease gridlock .
one of the most common cuckoos in the uk has died in the past 20 years , according to scientists .
solar panels will be installed on homes in fife in a bid to cut the cost of living costs .
as the city of london prepares to lose access to the single market for the first time in 30 years , the bbc 's mark barnes has been talking about the ` ` big bang revolution '' .
peru 's ex - president , keiko fujimori , has offered to share social media accounts online .
bbc northern ireland 's director of state john bannside is making his first tv interview since the civil war .
a ` ` night - vision '' goggle is to be installed in a bid to catch dog owners .
passenger numbers at scotland 's two busiest airports have risen for the first time since march 2015 , according to industry figures .
john higgins beat stuart bingham 7 - 5 to win his first ranking title of the world championship in china .
shares in apple have risen sharply after the company said it would raise $ 13bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 13bn -rrb- in debt .
six russian athletes who tested positive for banned substances at the sochi 2014 winter olympics have had their suspension extended .
nick gubbins hit his third century of the season as middlesex dominated somerset on day two at taunton .
hollywood star karen gillan has made her first film about the suicide of her best friend in the highlands .
london 's transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has announced plans to remove cashless oyster cards from its bus network .
it 's one of the world 's best - selling gps , gps , and it 's the answer to our lives .
the former president of colombia , juan carlos zuluaga , has won the first round of the presidential election .
florence and the machine have topped the official chart for the first time in 16 years with their new album florence and machine .
the father of us president barack obama has spoken of his ` ` great character and role model '' after his visit to ireland .
southern rail has accused the rmt union of ` ` incompetent and incompetent '' .
the conservatives have retained control of derbyshire county council after winning the county council 's last stand in england .
widnes vikings head coach denis betts says the club 's poor start to the super league season is ` ` hurt '' .
a us appeals court has ruled that president donald trump 's travel ban will not be lifted , despite a travel ban .
police are appealing for witnesses after a guard was attacked on a train between dunblane and edinburgh .
a second case of bird flu has been confirmed in lancashire , the department of health -lrb- defra -rrb- has confirmed .
a coroner has apologised for failing to identify the body of a conservative mep who died in a hospital mix - up .
israel 's foreign minister has said russia will not be responsible for any ` ` damaging incident '' in syria .
gareth southgate has been appointed england manager on a three - and - a - half - year contract .
the eu 's trade and investment partnership -lrb- ttip -rrb- , the eu and the european union 's trade deal with the us , has been in the run - up to the election .
the owner of a giant jigsaw in a norfolk hospital said he was ` ` thrilled '' when it went missing .
climate change is a ` ` double jeopardy '' of global warming , according to a new study .
the owner of the english football league -lrb- owlz -rrb- has taken part in a ` ` disappointing '' season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers how e - learning technology is in africa .
east fife moved to within a point of the play - offs with victory over elgin city in scottish league two .
welsh football fans have paid tribute to their team 's ` ` incredible '' performance at euro 2016 .
the new generation of car maker tvr will be built in south wales by 2022 , first minister carwyn jones has announced .
the world 's first vaccine to be delivered to liberia is to be tested in a bid to prevent the spread of the ebola virus .
helen glover and heather stanning claimed britain 's first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the women 's four races .
at least 13 people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in the romanian capital , bucharest , officials say .
hereford united have been relegated from the national league for the first time after agreeing an extension to their debts .
the captain of one of the uk 's most famous warships has spoken of the loss of the lives of those who died in the falklands war .
the family of a motorcyclist who died when he was hit by a car crash have said they are ` ` 100 % behind '' the project .
the irish government has failed to meet human rights standards during the recession , a human rights watchdog has said .
wigan athletic have sacked manager warren joyce after less than two months in charge of the league one club .
a suspected gas explosion at a shop in somerset which left more than 100 people injured is being treated as suspicious .
volunteers have been asked to help restore a historical copper mine in the lake district which has been used for centuries .
the leader of the welsh liberal democrats , kirsty williams , has been elected to the welsh assembly .
england 's laura waters won her second british squash title of the season with victory over caroline waters .
royal mail has released stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the great fire of london 's great fire .
a grizzly bear has been killed by a police officer in the us state of montana , officials say .
members of the british beard club are gathering in dover to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of world war two .
the governor of the bank of england , mark carney , is to extend his term to the full eight years .
the chief constable of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- opcc -rrb- has accused the force of moving his office to a business park .
the january transfer window closed at 23:00 gmt in england and scotland on monday , with the deadline day and the deadline for signings .
a museum celebrating the centenary of the first world war one battle in dorset has received # 1 m from the heritage lottery fund .
google 's chairman , eric schmidt , has called on the uk government to change its tax laws .
a new # 240 m research centre for northern ireland 's marine and bio - energy projects has been secured by the european union .
two people have been taken to hospital after two separate arson attacks at a house in londonderry .
a man who carried out an attack on his ex - girlfriend has been jailed for life .
an international police agency has launched an appeal to find nine suspected people suspected of being involved in wildlife crime .
denny solomona scored a hat - trick as castleford came from behind to beat widnes vikings in super league .
one of ethiopia 's best - known olympians has announced his retirement from competitive sport .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot dead at a house in lincolnshire .
an exhibition to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme is being held in powys to mark 100 years since the start of world war one .
zambia captain glen chambeshi says his team have the strength and power to beat germany in the world cup .
gordon strachan says scotland must win a ` ` right good night '' to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
british gymnast josh bevan says he is ` ` constantly in tears '' after breaking his leg in a ` ` freak accident '' .
the us and syrian government have agreed to hold a cessation of hostilities in the city of aleppo .
police in nigeria have arrested two people suspected of carrying out acts of homosexuality , including gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- .
the work of artist damien hirst is to be published in a new publishing set to mark his contribution to art .
a public consultation has begun on plans for a # 500 m redevelopment of a former hospital site in glasgow .
a 67-year - old man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in shetland .
a fossilised species of ichthyosaur , the largest creature in the uk , has been discovered .
the final headliners for this year 's glastonbury festival have been announced by organisers .
scientist stephen hawking has announced he will present a lecture on the future of science in his new year .
china 's economy shrank in the third quarter of the year in a row , according to official figures .
us president barack obama says he has met israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu more than any other world leader .
universities should ` ` think they have nothing to lose '' after the brexit vote , the welsh secretary has said .
arsenal are to rename the ` ` women '' title with the club 's ` ` ladies '' .
oil giant shell has been given conditional permission to drill in the chukchi sea in the north - west of alaska .
plans to bring high - speed broadband to the uk will be ` ` superslow '' , transport secretary jeremy hunt has said .
crime porn star sophie mackichan says the fall is ` ` irresponsible '' .
the greggs bakery chain has reported a rise in pre - tax profits , helped by rising labour costs .
england captain steve smith says he would like opener keaton jennings to play in the final test against south africa .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans for two wind farms in lincolnshire which they say are ` ` a huge price '' .
palliative care for terminally - ill patients in england could be costing # 30 m , according to a report .
china 's first ` ` baby hatches '' centre in the country has been closed to new newborns , state media report .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound fell against the euro in august after the uk 's inflation figures were released .
leinster secured a european challenge cup semi - final with a hard - fought victory over edinburgh at murrayfield .
seven russian athletes have been banned from competing at the 2016 olympics in rio after being found guilty of doping .
alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the game as arsenal came from behind to beat hull city in the premier league .
two teenagers have appeared in court in connection with the rape of a teenage girl in canada last year .
juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon says the referees ' -lrb- var -rrb- use it as ` ` water polo '' is ` ` not good '' for football .
the number of work in the uk is at its highest level since 2008 , according to a new study .
the welsh government has said it is ` ` no reasonable '' for parliament to listen to the assembly on brexit .
the number of dog worrying incidents in scotland has risen by more than a third in a year , according to police scotland .
supermarket giant asda has announced it will increase the price of milk for farmers in the uk from monday .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has passed a controversial abortion law which would allow women to end pregnancy .
charlton athletic have signed charlton athletic striker oumar slime on loan until the end of the season .
iceland reached the last 16 of euro 2016 with a 2 - 0 victory over netherlands in group a .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a three - year - old toddler in rhondda cynon taff .
forest green rovers have signed left - back jamie roberts from league two side cambridge united for an undisclosed fee .
boris johnson has apologised for giving his wife a backie after he was offered a lift on his bike .
sunderland defender emmanuel eboue has been banned from all football - related activity for two years after his contract was terminated .
saracens hooker nick tompkins has signed a new contract with the premiership club , with the option of a further year .
wales is ` ` paying the price '' for renewable energy , a leading law firm has said .
west ham have agreed to pay council rent to the olympic stadium -lrb- lldc -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
former us basketball player lamar odom has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious in a nevada brothel .
a hospital trust has been ordered to pay # 300,000 to a seriously ill girl who suffered a brain - damaged birth .
sir jonathan i ve , the man who helped google buy the internet 's best - selling iphone and iphone , is one of the founders of google .
an international team of scientists has tracked the existence of ammonia in the atmosphere of jupiter 's icy atmosphere .
guernsey 's women 's football club has been given the right to play in the fa cup .
the us military will not grant access to a planned dakota access pipeline , a sioux native american reservation has said .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has accused the conservatives of ` ` sharing the political union above all others '' .
the nato - led alliance has scrapped its flag in afghanistan , in a ceremony at the nato headquarters .
police investigating the disappearance of missing bristol woman joanna yeates have released cctv footage of her disappearance .
a record number of transgender characters are still being shown on television , according to a new report by a us human rights group .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain across scotland .
non - league merstham united will face league two side accrington stanley in the first round of the fa cup .
the duchy of wales has said it is ` ` extremely concerned '' about the death of a man who drowned on a beach .
england suffered a humiliating 13-wicket defeat by pakistan in the first twenty20 international at old trafford .
manchester united captain sir alex ferguson says his side are not worried about their future after they beat manchester city .
the leader of india 's anti - corruption party -lrb- aiadmk -rrb- has vowed to ` ` lose faith in democracy '' .
one of the uk 's best - known coffee shops is set to expand into its shops , according to new research .
the creation of a new type of identification for people to vote is to be trialled in england .
a police force has used extra powers to search people for dangerous items and weapons after three people were stabbed .
sale sharks have signed tom and tom dales from sale sharks for the 2016 - 17 premiership season .
one of the world 's most threatened bees is being tested at paignton zoo in somerset .
a nine - year - old boy suffered severe head injuries when a trailer crashed on a school trip .
the rock am ring festival in central germany has cancelled the event because of heavy rain , organisers say .
german chancellor angela merkel has urged european leaders to keep ` ` trust '' with the us and brexit .
a man accused of masterminding the hatton garden jewellery raid has pleaded guilty to attempting to steal # 14 m worth of jewellery .
reading came from behind to beat burton albion and reach the championship play - off semi - finals .
people drinkers are more likely to drink more quickly , according to a new study in the uk .
sports direct has announced it is to cut its full - year profit forecast by more than a third .
defending champion mark evans is attempting to qualify for the second round of the world championship at the crucible .
more than 100 people have been killed in floods in thailand 's north - eastern province , officials say .
boris johnson has accepted an invitation to visit russia in the coming weeks , the foreign office has said .
scientists have found a key piece of evidence in the fight against the effects of lithium in fruit flies .
mobile phone giant ee has launched a ` ` flying drone '' in rural parts of the uk .
five people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in glasgow .
iraqi forces are facing a major battle to retake the city of mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a new app aimed at encouraging people to take their own life has been launched in aberdeen and aberdeen .
formula 1 's predictor drivers are heading to the top of the table for the first time .
muslim groups in north america have pledged support to protect jewish sites , following a spate of bomb threats .
a man who killed his parents in a crash in county dublin last year was mentally ill , a court has heard .
consumer goods giant unilever has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first quarter of 2015 .
when bhs went into administration , it 's a ` ` cash - strapped financial crisis '' .
european leaders have called for the uk to be given the right to vote in the eu referendum in june .
exeter city extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1 - 0 victory over cambridge united at st james ' park .
tributes have been paid to singer and songwriter rod temperton , who has died at the age of 67 .
when donald trump won the us election in november 2015 , many people are looking for a love rival .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a teenager who died in the manchester arena attack .
the mtv europe music awards ceremony in glasgow will be held on sunday , with organisers saying it will not be fixed .
munster 's conor murray has been cleared of wrongdoing by the premiership club 's medical team .
an rnli volunteer has been sacked after the service was unable to run a lifesaving station .
victoria azarenka became the first british woman to win a grand slam title with a straight - set win over russia 's ana inspiration .
australia wrapped up victory in the second test against india with a 2 - 0 series victory in bangalore .
plans for more than 1,000 new homes in merthyr tydfil have been submitted .
a planning inspector has refused to reopen an inquiry into the creation of 36,000 homes in durham .
ryan shankland scored the only goal of the game as league two side livingston came from behind to beat livingston .
a ` ` true '' test of computer codebreaker alan turing has failed to pass the test .
the planned garden bridge project in london will be cut by two thirds , the trust behind the project has said .
ian keatley 's last - gasp try earned edinburgh a hard - fought victory over munster at thomond park .
the former chief executive of the independent inquiry into historical child sex abuse has resigned , the bbc has learned .
the world 's paralympians have been reacting to the news that india 's sports minister narendra modi wants to address the issue of disability rights .
fulham boss slavisa jokanovic says striker chris martin will not be playing for derby county .
a piece of debris found in a remote part of the isles of scilly has been found off the isle of man .
some private clinics in england are failing to tell more about the risks of down 's baby , a report says .
anna pomsel , a former aide to adolf hitler 's president joseph goebbels , has died aged 89 .
a man has broken the world record for the largest bagpipes in the world , in the last few hours .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol wedi cael eu cynllun rheoli trafnidiaethau brys wedi bod yn cael eu swyddogion yng nghaerdydd .
a group of climbers have failed to return to the ground in an avalanche in the peak district .
mae ' r ysgoloriaeth sydd wedi cael eu cystadleuaeth yn cael eu cynnal yn caeldydd yn caeldyddol yn caeldydd yr undeb eisteddfod genedliad yn nhwb .
russian computer hacker roman seleznev has been found guilty of stealing millions of credit card numbers .
two people have been left ` ` shocked and upset '' after a thief stole # 50 from a military base in aberdeen .
a three - year - old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in denbighshire .
fossils of the biggest dinosaurs in the earth have been discovered in china , according to fossil evidence from fossil evidence .
a council has been forced to pay # 5.1 million in compensation to farmers hit by a ban on live animal exports .
welsh rugby union -lrb- ukad -rrb- player ryan watkins has been banned for two years after testing positive for cocaine .
the scottish government should not be ` ` stigma attached '' to free school meals , the deputy health minister has said .
pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline has announced plans to make it easier for pharmaceutical manufacturers to copy its medicines .
malaysia 's government has cancelled a concert in protest over a photo of pop star imran badu 's body art .
teachers at an academy in aberdeen are set to take part in a two - day strike over pay .
a new pitch for young footballers at cardiff 's principality stadium has been chosen by the city council .
when david bowie was killed by a gang of teenagers in paris last month , the bbc 's lamine zimph looks at how his family has been targeted .
the european court of human rights has upheld a ban on the wearing of full - face veils in public .
the islamic state -lrb- aqim -rrb- militant group is one of the most feared jihad groups in africa .
mad max : fury road has topped the us box office for the first time in its first week .
the gambia has announced that it will hold an official visit to the country after president yahya jammeh died .
the labour party has released a draft of the party 's general election manifesto , which aims to ` ` transform britain for the many '' .
a couple who died in a plane crash in new zealand have described their ` ` dream '' .
manchester city boss roberto mancini says carlos tevez will have a chance to play in sunday 's game against tottenham .
one direction 's harry styles has become the most popular twitter post in the history of one direction .
a 22-year - old man who admitted sexually contacting a 14-year - old girl has been jailed for five years .
a motorcyclist has died in a crash on the a75 in lancashire , police have said .
the office for budget responsibility -lrb- obr -rrb- says the chancellor 's economic forecaster is a bit more prudent than expected .
the stars of game of thrones have been given the chance to impress the cast of the hit tv series .
more than a third of young kenyans who were forced to join islamist militant group al - shabab have fled , a report says .
ukraine 's postal service -lrb- ukrposhta -rrb- has been hit by an attack on its website .
the us investment in clean energy has reached its highest level since 2010 , according to a new study .
wales wing jamie roberts will make his first appearance for oxford against england in the six nations on saturday .
steven windass says he has a ` ` point to prove '' after scoring his last goal for rangers .
motherwell have signed winger dom thomas from scottish premiership side motherwell for an undisclosed fee , subject to clearance .
the number of people claiming jobs in northern ireland is at risk because of a shortage in recruiting software .
ali carter says he is ` ` lucky to be alive '' after suffering a crohn 's disease .
bristol city council has been accused of paying a ` ` huge subsidies '' for a park - and - ride site .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has accused the head of the defence staff of his stance on trident .
port vale boss dean smurthwaite says midfielder louis smith has returned to the league two club for a year .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- drivers are to be balloted on strike action in a row over new rosters .
china 's biggest steelmaker , hugosteel , has agreed to merge with one of the country 's biggest steel suppliers .
the campaign is under way in wales for the first time since theresa may was elected as leader of the european union .
the number of nurses working on nhs wards in england has risen by 5,000 since 2010 .
a senior german special forces officer has died in hospital after being shot by a suspected member of an anti - semitic group .
spending on social security has fallen by # 2.5 bn in real terms , according to a think tank .
the nobel prize - winning scientist , prof james venter , has been awarded the nobel prize for his pioneering work on human dna .
a nine - year - old boy who was jailed for having unlawful sex with a 15-year - old girl should be placed in foster care , a judge has ruled .
liverpool have signed striker christian benteke from aston villa for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
comedian john toksvig says he would be a ` ` big fan '' of the bbc 's quiz shows if more women are represented on tv .
former miami dolphins player james tyson has been diagnosed with hypothermia after he failed to return to the water .
a 16-year - old girl with mental health problems has been detained in police cells in devon .
the number of police investigations into child sexual abuse in england and wales has risen by more than 50 , the police watchdog has said .
michail antonio scored a late equaliser as watford came from behind to beat nottingham forest at vicarage road .
five disabled people have lost their legal challenge against the government 's decision to close the independent living fund -lrb- ilf -rrb- .
the family of murdered schoolgirl caroline mckeich are offering a # 10,000 reward for information about her death .
former ulster hooker darren clarke has been named as the new head coach of the irish premiership club for next season .
south africa is one of the world 's longest - reigned countries , with a rich and ethnic minority .
a russian aircraft carrier is heading to the uk for the first time , the ministry of defence has said .
seagrass populations in california 's pacific ocean may have been caused by the decline of seagrass populations , according to scientists .
eastenders ' ant and dec have been named best tv talent at the annual tric awards in london .
a ferry which crashed into a harbour in the channel islands has been put into service for the first time .
the new england patriots produced a ` ` super bowl '' display to beat the seattle seahawks and win the super bowl .
aircraft maker easyjet is to test flying drones for the first time in more than a hundred years .
the united nations has urged iraqi forces to retake the city of mosul from so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the administrators of the manor racing team have been forced to close after the collapse of the formula 1 team .
abdelbaset ali mohmed al - megrahi , the man who carried out the bombing of the pan am flight 103 , was one of the most senior figures in the uk 's history .
league two side colchester united have signed huddersfield town youngster callum mcgregor on loan until the end of the season .
more than a third of uk firms have been victims of a cyber attack , according to a report .
glamorgan wicketkeeper ben wright has signed a new two - year contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season .
scotland 's political parties have clashed with the conservatives in the first debate of the general election campaign .
a record - breaking number of grey seal pups are being born at a norfolk nature reserve .
star wars actor rey fett has been born in his home in the star wars franchise , the force 's owner , darth vader .
a senior labour am has called for an inquiry into the conduct of the welsh government 's public accounts committee .
the us says it is sending 250 military personnel to iraq with the consent of the country 's government .
an inquest into the deaths of a father and son in a light aircraft crash in france has heard the pilot may have caused a ` ` dramatic turnaround '' .
nigel hamilton is ` ` absolutely committed '' to ukip , ukip leader nigel farage has said .
sale sharks fly - half danny cipriani has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
vincenzo nibali won the vuelta a espana after crashing his car into the end of the race .
eddie howe , who has died at the age of 84 , has been described as a ` ` scousehold '' .
bristol city head coach lee johnson said he was ` ` pleased '' with his side 's return to the premier league .
the president of the united states has attended a private party attended by president barack obama and the obama administration .
the world 's oceans is facing a ` ` mass extinction event '' , according to a un report .
two dogs who were killed in a crash in conwy county have been moved to a new home .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a royal marine who died while running the marathon in fife .
the premier league 's top - flight clubs have been impressing in their pre - season friendly .
england will face south africa in the quarter - finals of the rugby sevens world cup in brazil .
former british cycling technical director sir dave brailsford says he does not believe the sport was wrong .
an actress in nigeria has been banned from the country 's hausa film industry for ` ` gross misconduct '' .
dozens of bottles of ` ` vanished '' from a shipping container have washed up on a cornwall beach .
parents who stay at home to look after their children will be eligible for childcare vouchers , the government has announced .
ukip leader nigel farage should take a break as leader , the party 's chairman has said .
booker prize - winning author ashraf ghosh has taken part in a twitter tour of india 's presidential palace .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has described the moment he shot and killed his girlfriend reeva steenkamp in his bathroom .
ghana 's parliament has passed a tough time limit to hand over state - owned cars to the president .
midfielder gylfi sigurdsson believes swansea city are playing ` ` much better than they were '' .
circuses in scotland could be banned from using wild animals in circuses , according to msps .
the rich and poorest countries in latin america are starting to live in cities by 2050 , according to a united nations study .
police investigating the murder of a cardiff teenager have appealed for information after a man was arrested in india .
the us supreme court has ordered the release of five americans accused of masterminding the 9/11 attacks in guantanamo bay .
a murder investigation has been launched after a woman 's body was found at a golf club in edinburgh .
former wales prop mike phillips says he is ` ` massively surprised '' the merger of french giants racing 92 and stade francais .
northern ireland 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 finals were dented by poland 's performance in nice .
paul pollock has become the first irishman to win the world half marathon championships in cardiff on sunday .
an investigation has begun into the death of an inmate at hmp elmley in kent , the prison association has said .
a woman who was unable to carry out an abortion in northern ireland has won a high court challenge .
sweden 's henrik stenson and justin rose will lead the united states at the ryder cup in california .
campaigners are taking part in a protest against the uk government 's response to the migrant crisis in brighton .
a judge has ordered the scottish government to review the country 's anti - racism laws , including hate crime .
the conservative party has called for an independent inquiry into the death of a young activist in the uk .
when barack obama started his term as president of the united states , many economists have been talking about what they think about the economy .
two sheep have been rescued from a house in dungannon , county antrim , police have said .
plans to improve the quality of the taxi industry in london have been criticised by the transport authority for app uber .
snapchat , the company behind snapchat 's augmented reality video - sharing app , has announced it is selling its video - sharing technology .
labour has accused the conservatives of ` ` political football of the worst kind '' of the nhs in northamptonshire .
the man suspected of the brussels attacks was among the victims of last month 's attacks , belgian media report .
france 's psa group is to hold talks with the prime minister over the takeover of general motors .
the widow of a man who was shot dead by police has told an inquest how her husband was ` ` going to kill himself '' .
police searching for a missing man in the republic of ireland have begun a search of land in dublin .
work to build a new footbridge in east sussex has been delayed until the end of the year .
a student who converted to islam has been jailed for five years for plotting to kill soldiers in east london .
zimbabwe 's first lady has arrived back in south africa after being accused of assaulting her husband .
josh taylor says he is ready for a fight with ricky burns before the start of his world title defence .
the traditional hogmanay celebrations are being held in scotland for the first time in more than a century .
two people have been rescued after their dinghy came to rest on a beach in the scottish borders .
a treasure hunt has unearthed three gold artefacts from a park in east yorkshire , according to an artist .
an art gallery in london has opened to the public for the first time since the start of an art exhibition .
a police investigation has been launched after a pupil was reported to the procurator fiscal in connection with an alleged sexual assault .
one of the world 's largest online encyclopaedia has been discovered in mexico .
bradford has been chosen to represent the curry capital of britain in a competition worth more than # 10 m .
the number of eu nationals in the uk who are eligible to vote in the eu referendum has been cancelled .
an investigation has been launched after a knife was found in the hands of a prisoner at a prison .
substitute garry thompson scored twice as morecambe came from behind to beat cheltenham 2 - 1 in league two .
us president barack obama has vowed to free millions of americans who do not have health insurance in the coming months .
leicester tigers have re - signed leicester tigers winger niall morris on a three - year contract for an undisclosed fee .
kilmarnock striker kris boyd has questioned the prospect of a scottish football match in the united states .
the queen 's coffin has been restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
harlequins head coach conor o'shea is to leave the premiership club at the end of the season .
scientists are to carry out a ` ` new era '' of medicine for diseases such as cancer and cancer .
pop star katherine jenkins has announced that he and her husband will not get married in australia until the end of the year .
newcastle united owner mike ashley says he will not be selling his best players until the end of the season .
a dog has been stolen from a trade centre in south - east london , police have said .
the indian ocean island of reunion is a small and highly - anticipated territory in france .
a man has been jailed for four years for raping a 14-year - old girl in the 1990s .
a 21-year - old man has died after being crushed by a forklift truck in east kilbride .
two men have denied murdering a four - year - old girl who was found on a bus in london .
a 21-year - old woman has been seriously assaulted in a ` ` horrific '' attack in glasgow .
a man who admitted making a bomb threat at bristol airport has been jailed for three years and four months .
india 's champions trophy semi - final against south africa on sunday will take place in sunday 's indian premier league final .
the sun 's aeroplane , solar impulse , has arrived in china for the first time in more than a month .
the residents of a village in nottinghamshire have voted to join the government 's devolution deal .
a man who raped two women while on an extended prison sentence has been jailed for life for rape .
a huge fire has broken out at a busy shopping centre in norfolk , causing the building to collapse .
i ' m looking forward to winning the wimbledon men 's doubles , but i ' m nervous about the way i ' m going into the tournament .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a wooded area in east belfast .
arsene wenger 's masterminded arsenal 's victory over liverpool in the fa cup semi - final was the perfect example of his team .
land rover has released the first images of its new jaguar land rover rover rover vehicle for the first time .
a coach hire firm has gone into liquidation with the loss of a pembrokeshire coach firm , bbc wales understands .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in a ` ` horrendous '' attack .
the families of the 38 people killed in a plane crash in yemen have been charged with breaching international standards .
the transport secretary has accused the uk government of ` ` conspiracy theories '' over plans to devolve rail services to england .
two of the world 's most famous vessels are to be paraded in portsmouth to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
al - qaeda leader osama bin laden , abu bahri , has died in yemen , police say .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has pulled out of the race to become the next us president , following a video of him groping .
scientists have used a ` ` spirit level '' to measure the extent of the flow of water at loch ness .
as glastonbury festival draws to a close , we ' ve got a bit of a pint cup .
a man who admitted causing the death of a county tyrone woman by dangerous driving has been jailed for eight years .
global demand for oil and gas has slowed to its lowest level since 2010 , according to a new report .
lee novak 's late equaliser earned fleetwood a 2 - 2 draw with charlton in league one .
drug testing in jamaica is the ` ` tip of the iceberg '' , according to a leading doctor .
glenurquhart 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the scottish premiership were dented as they lost 1 - 0 to kilmallie .
premiership side gloucester have signed prop rory harris - wright from bristol for the 2016 - 17 season . .
a prolific paedophile has been jailed for six years after being convicted of a string of sex offences .
formula 1 teams have finished their final pre - season test of the season in jerez .
the first estimate of the uk 's economic output has been compiled by the office for national statistics .
star and actor graham boyle has visited hastings pier to be restored to the public for the first time .
nico rosberg says he will try to extend the lead in the spanish grand prix , which starts on sunday .
england number eight taulupe tuilagi may miss this season 's world cup , according to director of rugby richard cockerill .
botswana has ordered the arrest of a gay pastor who was banned from visiting a radio station in the country .
the duke of cambridge has spoken for the first time about his son 's ` ` first home '' on anglesey .
a humpback whale has gone missing off australia 's east coast in what is believed to be the world 's most famous sea mammal .
a man has admitted killing a construction worker in a ` ` brutal '' attack in a newcastle pub .
south korea 's kim ciganda carded a three - under - par 66 to win the lpga taiwan open .
the melting of arctic ice has reached its lowest level for 25 years , according to the norwegian polar institute .
first minister carwyn jones has urged the uk government to take urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in calais .
drugs giant pfizer has agreed to buy a us drugmaker for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
the un 's envoy to syria says there is ` ` no time '' for peace talks in the country .
the supreme court has ruled that the welsh assembly should move to a ` ` fairer '' approach to devolution .
david ridgewell scored a stunning late winner as portland timbers beat portland timbers in the mls cup final .
goals from josh roberts and darren fletcher helped barnsley to victory over coventry city in the league one play - off final .
middlesex opener sam robson hit his highest first - class score of the season as the bears dominated day two against warwickshire .
judo star stephanie inglis has been discharged from hospital in south - east asia after being seriously injured in vietnam .
thousands of hill sheep have been delivered to a highland village for the first time in more than a decade .
the aurora borealis - better known as the northern lights - has been photographed for the first time .
manston airport is facing legal action after the government said it would take legal action against the local authority .
four men have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a drug dealer who was stabbed to death in a denbighshire car park .
a un inquiry has begun into the violence in myanmar 's north - eastern state of rakhine state .
floyd mayweather will face ufc champion conor mcgregor in las vegas on 26 august , the nevada authorities say .
plans to build a dual carriageway near stonehenge are ` ` not an improvement '' , an mp has said .
young veterans in the uk who died in the last 50 years are at increased risk of suicide , according to new research .
welsh boxer andrew selby will face welshman andrew selby in the first round of the world boxing championships .
` ` we 're not clear , '' wrote a report on how scotland 's police officers are dealing more crimes .
cornwall has voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- after brexit .
the scottish government has published a new code which aims to end consensual stop searches in scotland .
thousands of people have protested in cairo against the handing over two uninhabited red sea islands to saudi arabia .
the police inquiry into historical child abuse in north wales is ` ` at the forefront '' , an mp has said .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his mother at a dorset holiday park .
the first female ship captain in india 's merchant navy has been recognised for her bravery at sea .
ahmed musa scored twice as leicester beat sheffield united to reach the efl cup quarter - finals .
league two side crawley town have signed midfielder bobson from league two rivals crawley town for an undisclosed fee .
a six - year - old boy has returned a lion to his former home after it went missing .
a canadian library worker has apologised after writing a note on the page of his books .
a 22-year - old woman has died after being found unconscious in a police cell in lancashire .
we ' ve been using your guide dog to the polling stations across the uk for the general election .
nottinghamshire all - rounder chris read says his team are ` ` full of confidence '' after reaching the county championship final .
a man who was on the roof of a church in edinburgh has been fined for breaching the peace .
egypt moved into the africa cup of nations quarter - finals with a 1 - 0 victory over uganda .
donald trump has said she is confident the us will continue to negotiate a formal trade deal with the eu .
french president francois potholers has visited an ancient cave in the south - eastern province of chauvet .
dozens of yazidi yazidis who were held by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq have been freed , the un says .
the metropolitan police is to recruit 1,500 more armed officers in england and wales over the next two years , its chief constable sir bernard hogan - howe has said .
a charity which runs a centre in wrexham is to close after the welsh government said it was expecting a funding cut .
manchester city have signed full - back kyle walker from tottenham for # 50 m , subject to a medical .
plans to build a new prison in wrexham have been criticised by the welsh government for using local name .
leyton orient 's takeover of league two side leyton orient has been completed by an italian consortium .
a rare set of ` ` historic '' paper - shaped pages have gone on display in leeds .
millwall 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs were dented as they lost to bradford city .
a us court has overturned a decision to reinstate an anti - abortion campaigner detained in australia .
the number of gcses in england has fallen for the second year in a row , according to official figures .
jockey william buick says he is ` ` lucky '' to be fit for the rest of the season after suffering a broken leg .
yaya toure says he was ` ` too honest '' after raheem sterling was sent off as tottenham drew with tottenham .
concerns have been raised about the future of orders for new royal navy vessels in govan and clyde .
the lebanese shia group hezbollah has accused the lebanese opposition of trying to destabilise the country .
a breast cancer campaigner has called for the creation of a new drug to be made available on the nhs in scotland .
swansea city have signed swansea city striker matt grimes on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a light aircraft has burst a tyre and burst into flames at an airport in florida , killing all 224 people .
china 's world number two ding junhui suffered a shock 6 - 2 first - round defeat at the world championship in preston .
nasa 's kepler telescope has discovered more than 200 new earth - sized planets in our solar system .
footage has emerged of a turtle washed up on a coral reef in australia 's south pacific ocean .
former conservative leader iain duncan smith has predicted david cameron will be forced to resign over the next five years .
tommy seymour , tim swinson and tim swinson have signed new contracts with glasgow warriors .
the new royal navy 's new aircraft carriers will be built in portsmouth , the defence secretary has said .
a nottingham comedian has said he and his wife are ` ` carry on dating advice '' after they were diagnosed with breast cancer .
a hospital 's a&e department could be moved to a&e department in shropshire , the nhs has said .
birmingham city manager harry redknapp says the january transfer window is ` ` very difficult '' .
thousands of high earners will lose their children 's benefit under plans being considered by the government .
a painting by french artist piet monet has sold for # 31.7 m at a sotheby 's auction .
a north wales police force is facing a ` ` significant challenge '' to its funding , a senior officer has warned .
archaeologists have unearthed the remains of a world war two plane which crashed in oxfordshire during world war ii .
wigan warriors moved to the top of the super league table with a comfortable victory over salford red devils .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
blackpool 's league two play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by wycombe .
a ` ` fundamental failing '' for a resettlement prison in england and wales is ` ` not acceptable '' , a report has found .
britain 's lizzie vos finished fourth in the opening prologue of the women 's tour of britain .
there 's one thing that 's going to become the next republican presidential candidate in the us .
the kids company charity is being investigated by police over allegations of misconduct by staff and staff at kids company .
a section of the m42 has reopened after a man died in a crash on the m42 .
a ` ` jealous '' ex - boyfriend repeatedly stabbed his girlfriend in the face , a court has heard .
france has condemned turkey 's attack on kurdish militia in syria as a ` ` terrorist threat '' .
an appeals court in china has cut the jail terms of a prominent journalist for leaking a leaked publication to a news website .
harlequins prop george ford has been ruled out of england 's tour of australia with a hamstring injury .
delta airlines will stop carrying trophy - hunting activities worldwide , following the killing of cecil in zimbabwe .
new england head coach steve mcnamara is in ` ` no rush '' after his side 's dramatic win over australia .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man in rhondda cynon taff .
hibernian manager pedro caixinha has urged his players to be ` ` focused at all times '' .
a former aide to brazil 's president dilma rousseff has been charged with corruption .
the uk and france are to meet in berlin to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis in calais .
plans to recruit 15 new staff in cambridgeshire and peterborough have been refused by the authority 's bosses .
wildlife rangers in the us state of wyoming have warned visitors to stay away from their herd after they refused a controversial bison .
five people have been killed in a gun attack on a bar in the malian capital , bamako .
danny o'shaughnessy 's first - half strike earned mansfield a 1 - 1 draw with cheltenham .
sir bradley wiggins became the first briton to win the tour de france with victory in the race .
the us federal reserve 's decision to raise interest rates for the first time in more than two years has been a ` ` perfect storm '' .
ukip wales leader carwyn jones has said she is ` ` surprised '' to leave her position as an mep .
leicester tigers are close to signing manu tuilagi , according to director of rugby richard cockerill .
one of the uk 's longest married couples , karam chand and kartari chand , are celebrating their 100th birthday .
italy has been battered by a series of cold weather that has left at least 19 people dead and many injured .
three human feet found in a park are believed to have come into contact with animals , police have said .
the australian government has apologised for ` ` scuttled '' migrants who arrived in vietnam .
a man armed with a chainsaw and hammer has attacked a woman at a shopping centre in belarus .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the political crisis in scotland .
mae prif weithwyr yng nghymru wedi cael eu bod yng nghymru yng nghymru yn yng nghymru .
cardiff devils have re - signed forward nick haddad from cardiff devils for the 2017 - 18 season .
alphabet , the parent company of search giant google , has reported a sharp rise in revenue in the first three months of the year .
us president donald trump has banned people from travelling to the united states from leaving the country to join their families .
a disabled man who was hit by a train door while trying to get his wheelchair has said he is ` ` frightened and frightening '' .
the royal academy of art -lrb- ra -rrb- has revealed that french artist monet wanted to make a water garden in his home town .
an aid worker who was abducted in pakistan was unlawfully killed by a ransom , an inquest has heard .
portugal 's euro 2016 campaign continued with a 2 - 1 victory over portugal in cardiff on sunday .
more than half of northern ireland 's members of the chamber of commerce say they support a uk exit from the european union .
the appointment of a young woman to become ukraine 's next deputy prime minister has sparked a social media backlash .
an exhibition of works of the ` ` outstanding '' work of a ` ` talented man '' has opened in north tyneside .
at least 140 palestinians have been killed in clashes between israeli troops and security forces in the occupied west bank .
sir philip green has been appointed as the new chief executive of the uk 's biggest retail sector .
the world 's longest train , the flying scotsman , has returned to edinburgh for the first time .
republican presidential candidate chris christie and donald trump have vowed to face the ` ` loss of american life '' after the san bernardino attacks .
the mother of a teenage girl who was groomed by a paedophile teacher has spoken of the ` ` distressing '' she has faced .
the main battleground seats in wales will be held on thursday , with the conservatives hoping to win the general election .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale is to call for an ` ` independent '' vote to restore the ` ` tory tax '' on working families .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the uk fell by more than a third in the three months to june .
nick guptill and kane williamson both made half - centuries as pakistan reached the final of the three - match series against new zealand .
a pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed into a remote part of the north yorkshire dales .
a tech firm has pulled out of a # 1 m investment in a tech start - up on the bbc 's reality tv show .
negotiators in colombia say they have agreed to resume peace talks with the families of four abducted hostages .
labour 's ruling party has failed to reach a deal with jeremy corbyn 's leadership committee .
captain gareth mcauley said northern ireland 's euro 2016 win over poland was a ` ` special moment '' for their team .
the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- has accused the uk government of failing to fund infrastructure projects in developing countries .
plaid cymru has published its vision for the nhs in wales , in its manifesto for the assembly election .
the family of a british man who was arrested in turkey on suspicion of terrorism charges say he is ` ` in good spirits '' .
a south african judge has ordered oscar pistorius to appeal against his conviction for killing his girlfriend .
the world 's heaviest fruit growers are being urged to take part in a ` ` giant veg '' competition .
the head of the afghan taliban has been killed in a gunfight in the north - west of the country .
gunmen have stormed a convoy of saudi arabia 's ambassador to the french capital , paris , leaving two saudis dead .
sean ervine hit a career - best 254 as hampshire dominated day two against somerset at taunton .
the welsh government 's decision to leave the european union ` ` has n't been a success '' , the leader of the welsh assembly has said .
troops in the philippines have seized control of the city of marawi in the south - eastern city .
a woman who took her toddler to hospital with suspected child abduction has begun a ride to raise money for missing people .
ex - england striker jonny evans and winger papiss cisse have been given a one - match ban for spitting at each other .
the number of 16 to 17-year - olds who have registered to vote in the scottish independence referendum has grown since 2010 .
a palestinian woman and her husband have died in a firebombing in the occupied west bank .
europe 's rosetta probe has captured the surface of comet 67p on the comet 67p .
guernsey will host dover athletic in the first qualifying round of the fa cup for the first time in five years .
it 's one of the most expensive signings in european football - and it 's the transfer fee that will be worth # 200 m a year .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of entertainer keith harris , who has died aged 87 .
paul murray , who travelled to hillsborough with his father , travelled to the end of the fa cup semi - final , was one of the best days of his life .
thousands of runners are being balloted on whether to pull out of the 2016 grand national at aintree .
a six - year - old girl with leukaemia is to have a bone marrow transplant in seattle .
former top tennis player ray moore has resigned from his role as chief executive of the indian wells tournament .
a campaign group has lodged a fresh application to hold a march in northern ireland to mark the anniversary of bloody sunday .
chocolate eggs have been created to mark wimbledon 's easter cakes by a west lothian man who has served in chocolate .
labour will not be ` ` wiped out '' by jeremy corbyn , the party has said .
the founder of the dark web project , dingledine , is one of the most controversial tools in the world .
the rmt union has said it will not accept a ` ` comprehensive offer '' to train drivers on southern rail .
an outbreak of measles in swansea and neath port talbot is at its highest ever recorded , public health wales has said .
harlequins have signed fly - half paddy jackson from wasps for the 2016 - 17 season .
us president donald trump is expected to announce a ` ` strategic review '' of the country 's fight to expel afghan troops .
in the wake of the news that a man who was killed by a white man in the uk was racially motivated .
zlatan ibrahimovic has left paris st - germain to join french champions paris st - germain .
the idea of a national identity card scheme for people who have to work in the uk has been unveiled by labour .
an independent review into the use of the controversial ` ` intensive care pathway '' -lrb- lcp -rrb- system for dying patients has begun .
sri lanka 's army says it has released photos of a young boy shot dead by the army in 2009 .
archaeologists in israel say they have found the flooring of a temple in jerusalem that was destroyed by the roman empire .
crotone 's slim hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they lost 3 - 1 to lazio .
a man who tried to find a ` ` new '' song on the wall has been fined after he was stopped by police .
soul singer ray blk has won the bbc 's sound of 2017 list , which showcases emerging artists for the coming year .
the mother of a teenage boy who died after being hit by a train has launched a special programme to encourage pupils to help improve their relationship .
ireland made a winning start to their world twenty20 campaign with a five - wicket victory over afghanistan in india .
hundreds of migrants have drowned in two separate boats in the mediterranean sea , the libyan coastguard says .
a section of the m1 has reopened after a crash involving a lorry and a lorry on the carriageway .
china 's manufacturing exports surged in february and february , according to the latest trade data from china .
the hebcelt festival has been held in dumfries and galloway for the second year running .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in hewlett - packard closed higher after the company split into two separate companies .
the story of king arthur is one of the most important characters in the history of the modern world .
people from outside the uk should be charged for using the health service , the health secretary has said .
thieves have stolen vans and tools worth [ UNK ] # 30,000 during a project to expand a house in west midlands .
christmas shopping is coming to an end in the uk , with the rest of the year coming to a close .
the gambia 's yaya carayol says he is looking forward to playing for the national team .
an appeal to raise # 2,000 for the family of a seven - year - old girl who died in a fall at her home has been launched .
the chairman of the uk independence party is ` ` not on offer '' , the party 's chairman has said .
dame judi dench has revealed that she has been diagnosed with a rare condition that affects blindness .
a 20-year - old man has become the first person to paddle around the world to complete the challenge .
the brother of an australian hostage who was killed in syria has said he believes his brother 's life was the worst day of his life .
christian pulisic scored twice as borussia dortmund came from behind to beat borussia dortmund in the bundesliga .
four people have been wounded in a gun attack in tel aviv , police say , in the city .
marko arnautovic scored twice as stoke beat aston villa to keep alive their hopes of avoiding relegation .
a house once owned by the beatles has sold for # 250,000 at auction in south yorkshire .
charlie brown , snoopy and snoopy have been back on the big screen for the first time .
a new zealand - based rocket company has launched its first test flight of the world 's heaviest spacecraft .
manchester city manager pep guardiola will make his first pre - season tour of china this summer .
royal mail has said it is ` ` considering '' industrial action over changes to its pensions plan .
theresa may 's speech on brexit was an unassailable result of the election campaign .
the line - up for the bestival festival has been criticised by bestival organisers .
more than 200,000 women in england and wales will be offered apprenticeships , the pensions minister has said .
somerset 's slim hopes of reaching the one - day cup quarter - finals were dented by somerset at taunton .
un secretary general ban ki - moon has signed an agreement to end the flow of weapons to countries .
a torfaen meat processing company has been fined # 15,000 after it failed to register the use of frozen meat .
arbroath moved to within two points of scottish league two leaders for the first time this season .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in asia were mixed on friday as investors waited for a meeting of the european central bank .
fast food restaurants are to be banned in part of a plan to reduce obesity , according to the local authority .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed higher on wednesday , boosted by hopes of a greek bailout deal .
west brom winger diaf sakho will miss the start of the premier league season with a back injury .
farmers who use the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme in northern ireland have said they will not reveal their names .
arsene wenger marked his return to the top of the premier league with a stunning victory over arsenal at old trafford .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat - trick as real madrid thrashed espanyol in la liga .
barry ferguson insists he can win the league two play - offs if he is to win on saturday .
south african police chief hilton botha has been removed from the investigation into the murder of his girlfriend .
at least 30 people have been arrested after crowd trouble broke out at a football match in morocco 's capital , casablanca .
high street shops in england and wales will see their rates fall or remained ` ` soar '' , a conservative mp has said .
the cost of planting flood defences in the uk is a ` ` very long time '' , according to leading environmental experts .
student loans in wales have risen by # 19,000 in the last year , according to new figures .
wolves in the south - eastern french province of beaumont - surgeon are making a significant recovery .
the funeral of an 80-year - old man from londonderry has taken place in the republic of ireland .
inverness caledonian thistle have signed former real sociedad defender julen etxabeguren on a season - long loan .
swansea city boss paul clement says former chelsea captain john terry will not be playing for the club again .
a senior police officer has condemned the discovery of a suspicious device near a primary school in north belfast .
algeria international mohamed mbolhi has joined turkish side fc copenhagen on a season - long loan deal .
huddersfield giants reached the challenge cup final for the first time since 1979 with a comfortable victory over huddersfield giants .
residents in york have been left without water for several hours after a water problem was found in two areas .
the us supreme court has said it will take up cases of same - sex marriage in the us .
it 's the ultimate fighting championship - and it 's all about you 're a boxer .
the clydesdale bank has set aside # 806 m to compensate customers for mis - selling payment protection insurance .
andy murray reached the quarter - finals of the davis cup with a straight - set win over switzerland 's caroline wozniacki .
the former head of a panel set up to monitor northern ireland 's paramilitary activity has said the process is ` ` not as bleak '' .
a pastor from the nigerian town of chibok who was abducted by islamist militants in the north - eastern state of chibok has spoken about the harrowing ordeal .
the uk 's air traffic control service is on track to reach the ` ` limit '' of flight delays by 2030 .
the nhs in wales is ` ` not as good as it is '' , the leader of the welsh conservatives has said .
john dobbie 's first - half goal helped queen of the south reach the scottish cup quarter - finals .
oil giant bp has announced that it will cut 600 jobs in the north sea by the end of 2017 .
the world 's most populous countries have now joined the creation of a third gender ` ` fract '' .
actor matthew perry is to return to the west end next month to a special special special of friends .
a man has died after falling into the sea off the gwynedd coast in gwynedd .
kickstarter has apologised for the collapse of the zano mini - drone project in pembrokeshire .
the borders railway has been cancelled for several hours due to delays and cancellations caused by delays on the tracks .
an independent review into the cause of the 2011 fukushima earthquake and tsunami has concluded that the fukushima disaster was ` ` not a disaster '' .
tenerife , the uk 's most wanted drug lord , is among the most wanted fugitives in the uk .
the parents of a boy who was left in a remote part of the japanese army 's search for him say they are ` ` deeply sorry '' .
california 's water watchdog has declared a 28 % increase in the amount of water used in july .
calls have been made for dog owners to be vigilant for pet owners who have been killed on roads in wales .
england have a ` ` must - win '' chance of reaching the world twenty20 semi - finals , according to batsman joe root .
a former care worker has claimed she was ` ` desperate for help '' by the ministry of justice .
east stirlingshire moved to within two points of the league two play - off places with victory over queen of the south .
a 19-year - old woman has been killed in a crash on the a707 in county tyrone .
william shakespeare is one of the world 's most famous actors , who has written an ancient shakespeare script .
travel firm eurotunnel has apologised for delays at the channel tunnel in calais .
a shop in londonderry has been badly damaged in a suspected burglary in the republic of ireland .
brazil 's biggest steelmaker , rio tinto , has agreed to accept an 18 % increase in its share price .
dunfermline athletic moved seven points clear at the top of scottish league two with victory over berwick rangers .
itv has agreed a deal to continue hosting the voice and the x factor for the next three years .
the ` ` pull back '' from ` ` rollercoaster '' is the front page of the irish news letter .
a new film about the revival of the miners ' campaign in south wales has been released in cinemas .
japan 's prime minister shinzo abe has visited the site of the bombing of the us naval base in hawaii .
bournemouth have signed crystal palace striker matt gayle and bournemouth winger matt ritchie on two - year contracts .
the story of one of britain 's most notorious criminals , donald swanson , has been celebrated in a highlands village .
a buzzard which became stuck in a wire fence in hertfordshire has been released back into the wild .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has criticised the government 's decision to delay the commons voting of english laws .
us president barack obama has urged donald trump to ` ` restore unity '' after the election of donald trump .
drivers in the uk are using ` ` recreational drug '' to keep themselves awake , according to the government .
the idea of a novel ` ` super - power '' approach to communications has sparked controversy in the us .
a 19-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences after a police investigation into the jimmy savile scandal .
a man once dubbed the world 's fattest has had to undergo surgery in the united states .
the proportion of pupils going into higher education in scotland has reached its highest ever level , according to official figures .
two labour mps have been awarded # 40,000 in libel action over an allegation they made against them .
gloucestershire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- cdc -rrb- has said it is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the future of the county .
steven davies scored twice as tottenham reached the fa cup quarter - finals with victory over aston villa .
tony blair 's election campaign came to an end after the terror attack at london bridge on thursday .
the scottish government has said it is ` ` deeply divided '' with the home office 's decision to extend an inquiry into undercover policing .
the isle of barra is home to scotland 's most famous airports - the first of its kind in the world .
scotland 's major roads have been closed for several days as snow and freezing conditions continue to affect travel .
the conservative party has won the west london seat of ealing central and west london in the general election .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a street brawl .
heavy rain and heavy rain are expected to hit parts of wales on wednesday , with heavy rain across wales .
police in nigeria have ordered the release of a man accused of kidnapping and kidnapping a kidnap kingpin .
a new ferry has been launched at caledonian macbrayne shipyard in dumfries and galloway .
championship strugglers sheffield wednesday came from behind to draw with championship strugglers burnley , who finished with 10 men .
hospital consultants in scotland have paid out extra overtime for extra work over the last three years , the bbc has learned .
newport gwent dragons fly - half rhys cudd has signed a new contract with the region .
apple chief executive stephen cook has sold for $ 100,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 97,000 -rrb- on the ebay auction website .
police in indonesia are investigating the death of a woman who died after drinking her coffee in a cafe .
a couple who bought a world war ii aircraft on a housing estate in lincolnshire say it is ` ` virtually complete '' .
the us state of florida has declared a state of emergency in the wake of the spread of green sludge .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- has voted to pull the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- from its conference in ethiopia .
renowned us broadcaster gwen ifill has died at the age of 73 , her family has said , after a long illness .
everton manager roberto martinez says his side 's poor start to the season is ` ` not easy '' .
one of the world 's longest living pelicans has died at a zoo in new zealand .
cambridge has the most and most deprived place in england , according to a new study of the most deprived areas .
ulster bank has reported a pre - tax profit of # 150 m for the first time since 2013 .
people on low- fat diets are more likely to lose weight , according to a new study .
an irish minister has apologised to those who died at a mother - and - baby home in county galway .
northern ireland 's men 's hockey team have won the european cup for the first time in their history .
the international aviation authority -lrb- esa -rrb- has been criticised for failing to address safety concerns .
heroin with an estimated street value of # 5 m was seized by police on the m5 , a court has heard .
a cat has been left in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a powerful earthquake in central italy .
voters in nottinghamshire are going to the polls on thursday to elect their first local authority in the county .
iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has said he will never stop supporting his country 's nuclear programme .
tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo booked their place in the african confederation cup final with a 2 - 2 win over algerian club chittai bejaia .
plans to build a hydro power station in snowdonia have been rejected by natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- .
the widow of west brom striker dean astle is to meet the football association 's medical policy on head injuries .
the us will continue to fight climate change in the coming weeks , according to the us 's chief negotiator jonathan pershing .
torquay united 's owners -lrb- gi -rrb- have agreed a deal to buy plainmoor united .
the proportion of pupils who receive extra time to complete a - and - a - half hours exam in england and wales has risen by more than a third in a year .
the european commission has said it will not reopen the ceta trade deal with canada , following criticism of the landmark trade deal .
romelu lukaku says he will leave everton to join them at the same level as his agent .
crusaders boss barry mulgrew is looking forward to his side 's premiership clash with ards on tuesday .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has urged broadcasters to ` ` go forward '' with plans for three tv election debates .
belgium 's king has accused the king of ` ` hiding behind the throne '' in a speech on the country 's political crisis .
wigan athletic moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over blackburn rovers .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a machine in the shape of a dish in the thai capital , bangkok , has been designed by the government .
a teenager has been charged with fraud after thousands of people were left without tickets for the brighton festival .
a dumfries - based engineering company which went into administration last year has gone into administration .
a hospital trust has found a ` ` potentially life - changing '' number of patients at a hospital in cumbria .
thousands of people have taken part in the annual calton hill fireworks display at the city 's hogmanay street party .
leeds rhinos moved to within a point of the super league play - offs with victory over salford .
house prices in england and wales have risen for the first time since january , according to official figures .
plans to merge two hospitals in merseyside and merseyside have been criticised by a councillor .
senior staff at manchester city council are set to get a pay rise of more than 7 % a year .
some patients with potentially deadly leukaemia in the first 12 months of their treatment have been given half the standard doses for treatment .
plans to build a cycle track at a wildlife sanctuary in derby have been given the go - ahead .
a man has pleaded not guilty to the murder of a woman in the republic of ireland last year .
water voles have been released into a south wales nature reserve in a bid to conserve endangered species .
two police officers involved in the fatal shooting of a man in londonderry more than 30 years ago were unlawfully named , a judge has ruled .
china 's first ` ` unisex toilet '' toilet is to be opened in the capital , kuala lumpur .
gareth davies and dan biggar have been added to ospreys ' european challenge cup game against grenoble .
manchester city boss jose mourinho says sergio aguero is ` ` more difficult '' than his future .
deaf people are being discriminated against because they are not getting an interview , a charity has said .
the former head of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- , donald sterling , has been ordered to pay $ 2.5 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.4 m -rrb- to the former owner of the clippers family trust .
the prince of wales is looking forward to becoming a royal patron of the public health service in england .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a crowd - funding campaign to buy private security vulnerabilities from the shadow brokers has ended .
eoin morgan is ` ` a world - class player '' , according to former england batsman geoffrey boycott .
staff and academics at london metropolitan university are to be balloted on strike action in a row over job losses .
the bodies of five irish students killed in a balcony crash in san francisco have been confirmed by the united states .
more than 50 prisoners have escaped from a prison in papua new guinea 's capital , san francisco .
a major search operation is under way for a large cat found near a disneyland paris resort , officials say .
australian scientists say they have successfully tested a clost - style toad for the first time in the world .
police officers in northern ireland are suing the owner of a stolen car , the bbc has learned .
former paramilitaries in northern ireland who were injured in the troubles are being entitled to a special pension .
a car has collided with a train in the french province of orne , killing two people , officials say .
a woman has died after she was hit by a car in greater manchester , prompting police to launch an investigation .
the route of the olympic flame has been announced for the first time in the east yorkshire and yorkshire .
golf 's governing body has urged the pga tour to take ` ` into consider '' its olympic future .
the ` ` social mobility conundrum '' of the uk 's poorest families is becoming ` ` dangerous '' , a report says .
substitute francois bonne 's late equaliser earned colchester united a draw with chesterfield in league one .
four men have been arrested in connection with a crash in oldham which a girl and her cousin died .
a life - size bronze sculpture thought to be a dead man has been found in a river .
the number of people smoking daily in the world has risen by a third since 1990 , according to a new report .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder after a man was found dead in a leeds street .
legendary rock group led zeppelin have released a rare set of previously unseen recordings from the bbc . . .
england 's hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 have been boosted by the intensity of reaching the last 16 .
there 's a general election coming up on 8 june , where adults will vote to decide who will run the uk .
tyler and cameron winklevoss are suing facebook over their relationship with founder mark zuckerberg .
a sportive is being held in honour of scottish cycling legend robert millar , who has died aged 84 .
the problem of drugs in north wales is at its lowest level since records began , according to a drugs expert .
a stretch of the m1 in birmingham has reopened following a crash involving three vehicles on the m6 .
in the wake of the london terror attack , the bbc 's panorama programme looks at how armed police officers are deployed .
rochdale 's league one play - off hopes were dealt a blow as rochdale came from behind to beat rochdale .
sixteen - year - old jules bianchi has died at the age of 37 after a crash in japan .
the metropolitan police 's chief , sir bernard hogan - howe , has told the bbc that the force will continue to investigate child abuse allegations .
a cake based on jane lawrence 's favourite poem has won the uk 's top cake competition .
lawyers representing northern ireland 's political parties have urged the prime minister to take legal action over brexit .
actor tara moore has revealed that the actor sean connery played the same role as sean connery .
britain 's laura trott won her second gold medal of the uci track cycling world championships in glasgow .
the cost of agency staff in england 's hospitals has risen by # 1bn , the health watchdog has said .
adam molesley scored the only goal as portsmouth beat aldershot town in the fa cup first round .
italian luca fiennes has become the first member of the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- .
polling stations have closed in england and wales on thursday , with the liberal democrats taking part in council by - elections .
william hague has called for an end to the ` ` loophole '' in iraq to stop the flow of weapons .
the father of a woman who was convicted of killing her mother and her friend has been jailed for life .
theresa may 's decision to call the uk general election was the ` ` most terrible moment '' of her career .
britain 's peter sagan won stage five of the tour of qatar as peter sagan and peter sagan retained the overall lead .
three men have been charged with drugs offences after police seized a quantity of cannabis in the isle of man .
apple is changing its software to allow cyber - thieves to access photos of celebrities without using icloud software .
the family of a man who died in the search for his missing yacht have attended a memorial in dorset .
gunmen have stormed a hospital in the afghan capital , kabul , killing four people and injuring more , officials say .
former manchester united and manchester united striker carlitos tevez has joined chinese super league side shanghai sipg .
regulated rail fares in england and wales have risen by 25 % in the last five years , the rail regulator has said .
conservative ben houchen has been elected as the new mayor of the tees valley in the north east .
the boss of rolls - royce has said he is ` ` called a scaremonger '' for the firm to invest in research and development .
the attack on thailand 's main entrance to bangkok 's main square is a ` ` shocking '' moment .
it 's one of the uk 's best - selling and most expensive concerts in recent years .
macclesfield extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1 - 0 victory over york at bootham crescent .
indian student virat kohli , who has built a robot , has won his first title in the world .
a father accused of killing his baby son by throwing him over him while carrying him has denied killing him .
a police community support officer who passed information to a suspected drug dealer has been jailed for four years .
the national union of wales -lrb- nus -rrb- has called on the home secretary to stop a student 's deportation .
fifa chief executive loretta lynch says he is ` ` deeply disappointed '' by the arrest of top football officials in the us .
former ferrari boss paddy lowe is to leave his position as head of williams , bbc sport has learned .
the number of lifeguards on beaches in the uk and jersey is at risk of increased , a charity has said .
britain 's federica shuker won the mixed doubles at the british open with a hard - fought victory over her two - time champions .
ireland scrum - half conor murray 's claim that conor murray will not be able to look after himself when they face glasgow warriors on saturday .
bath have signed an 18-year - old hooker from championship side bath on a two - year deal .
scientists have used dna to control the immune system in the fight against cancer , a study has shown .
england 's dave fleetwood won his first european tour title with a three - shot victory over germany 's thomas wiesberger .
education secretary michael gove and home secretary theresa may have been forced to intervene in a row over extremism .
a project to restore a historical tin mine in cornwall is set to be boosted by the closure of the site .
hampshire beat durham by seven wickets in a rain - affected t20 blast match at grace road .
the former head of the orange order , dr alec reid , has died at the age of 89 .
engineers in the us have created the world 's most detailed glass system , using a technique that could control how fast it is .
the death of anthony foley , the former munster head coach of the irish rugby union , was one of the greatest moments of his career .
four people have been taken to hospital after a car plunged off a promenade in north wales .s .
south africa 's first black man , who survived the country 's worst outbreak of ebola , has spoken about his struggle to escape .
bill cosby 's university has returned a donation to the us college where he sexually assaulted women .
a list of the most influential women in the uk has been compiled by bbc radio 4 's hour .
researchers at cern have created a joke about the use of the ` ` powerful force '' .
millions of people in china are expected to watch the return of the classic adventure story of the monkey .
residents in dorset are being urged to use ` ` potentially lethal '' pesticides in their homes .
ireland pace bowler boyd rankin has signed a new two - year contract with the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
national league side york city have signed leicester city defender josh dixon on loan until the end of the season .
the mastermind behind the beatles ' sgt pepper album has been given a knighthood in recognition of his contribution to the city .
a woman in india 's northern state of uttar pradesh has been beaten up with slipper and a stick in her sari .
twenty - four british olympians have been named in the 2016 rio 2016 olympic squad , with eight of them claiming medals .
david cameron should be the uk 's next secretary - general , a senior member of the nato alliance has said .
southampton council has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs as it looks to save [ UNK ] # 30 m .
members of the rmt union on the east coast rail network have voted in favour of strike action .
west ham manager slaven bilic says he is ` ` angry and frustrated '' after his side 's europa league exit .
peterborough united boss grant mccann has apologised for his side 's 3 - 2 defeat at peterborough united .
plans have been submitted for a multi - million pound redevelopment of belfast 's former city centre .
a police officer has been injured after a brick was thrown at a car in larne , county antrim .
it 's one of northern ireland 's most famous schools , and it 's not a good thing .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo has been named as lewis hamilton 's shortlist for the 2016 world championship .
the first drug to treat alzheimer 's disease could be ` ` on the horizon '' , according to scientists .
a 15-year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeen .
france 's president , jean - marie le pen , has said he and his opposition leader marine le pen were ` ` deeply disappointing '' .
disney 's beauty and the beast has been barred from screening a live - action remake in malaysia .
ospreys lock alun wyn jones says he is ` ` disappointed '' the welsh rugby union has agreed a new contract .
members of muslim match 's facebook page have been affected by a ` ` security breach '' .
scotland 's justice secretary michael matheson is to hold a summit on brexit in edinburgh .
a humpback whale that washed up on a norfolk beach has been found dead on the east coast .
the us house of representatives has narrowly defeated a republican bid to repeal the affordable care act after the senate rejected a health plan .
members of the northern ireland assembly are to be asked to use their phones as part of their annual spending review .
the father of a nine - year - old boy who was shot dead by police in louisiana was ` ` the most disturbing thing '' , his lawyer has said .
at least 19 people have died in a fire at a school in the northern nigerian state of kano , officials say .
manchester united striker marcus rashford 's rise to the top of the premier league is a ` ` huge blow '' , according to manager james collins .
four people have been taken to hospital after a large fire broke out in a gorse fire in the west bank .
the government is to increase the number of social housing tenants who buy their homes , the bbc has learned .
north korea has test - fired a ballistic missile off the coast of south korea , south korean officials say .
glasgow warriors director of rugby tony blair says there is a ` ` big pull '' for the region .
canada 's parliament has approved a proposal to change the national anthem to the nation 's national anthem .
northern ireland is one of the most improved education systems in europe , according to a new study in international tests .
rangers midfielder dave anderson says he is ` ` not bothered '' by the defender 's claim that kiernan ` ` should be punished '' .
a row has broken out over plans to create a new church in wales in a dispute over the future .
a massive sinkhole opened up at the golf course in florida , usa , has opened up to the public .
northern ireland 's kris meeke has won the world rally championship for the first time in four years .
a seabird centre at a dorset nature reserve has reopened after being closed for more than a year .
china has executed four men convicted of masterminding a deadly car crash in xinjiang , state media report .
jason roy says he did not care when he was in charge of england 's one - day series against sri lanka .
northern ireland 's first minister arlene foster has said there is ` ` huge opportunities '' to protect the country 's interests .
jeremy corbyn has said he is ` ` determined '' to lead the labour party into the next general election .
the police federation -lrb- pfni -rrb- has suspended the release of sensitive information to the police ombudsman 's office .
a motorcyclist has died after crashing into a race at a motorcycling track in suffolk .
barcelona have been accused of being ` ` totally unfair '' after their champions league quarter - final defeat by barcelona .
david cameron has agreed a deal to renegotiate the uk 's membership of the european union .
residents have said they are ` ` very angry '' about a fire which has destroyed a house .
the rape and murder of a young woman in afghanistan 's capital , kabul , is one of the world 's most vulnerable women .
female clerics in indonesia have urged the government to take action against women who marry before the age of 16 .
saudi arabia 's foreign ministry has warned that the country 's decision to sue families of those killed in the 9/11 attacks will have a negative impact on the nation .
democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- mla jonathan bell has been accused of lying about his role in the renewable heat incentive scheme .
former first minister alex salmond has told the scottish parliament that the country is ` ` on a journey '' .
former bbc dj chris denning has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing boys at a disco in the 1960s .
hearts head coach robbie neilson was unhappy with the referee 's decision to take charge of his side in the europa league second qualifying round .
the first of eight new royal navy warships will be built next summer , the defence secretary has announced .
a wine bar has admitted failing to ensure an 18-year - old woman died after drinking a shot in the stomach .
morecambe boss jim bentley has urged young people to keep their ` ` feet on the ground '' after their poor start to the season .
a 19-year - old man has been charged with the murder of a 14-year - old girl in the southern indian city of bangalore .
a college in cardiff may have colluded with prospective student finance experts , the welsh government has said .
a man in the us state of california has pleaded not guilty to throwing a banana peel peel peel to a racially aggravated crime .
the government has pledged to fund free school meals for infant children in england , the conservatives have said .
st johnstone manager tommy wright says he will ` ` wait and see '' for his side 's place in the premiership play - off final against hamilton academical .
a senior fifa official has been given a one - year ban on qatar 's bid to host the 2022 world cup .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg could face a ban from formula 1 if they fail to follow new anti - doping rules .
more than half of people in england and wales live in their own home , according to a new survey .
william shakespeare 's ` ` witch '' markings were carved into buildings and buildings across england in the hope of making the world safer .
five uk universities have become the first uk universities to offer master master 's degrees in cyber security .
a seven - year - old girl died from drowning at a holiday park , an inquest has heard .
north korea says it has ` ` significant progress '' in developing nuclear weapons , according to south korean officials .
liverpool striker ben coady says his side have a ` ` great chance '' of reaching the fa cup quarter - finals .
beach huts in dorset are set to rise by a third over the next two years , according to the local authority .
the family of a man who died in police custody in england and wales have issued a statement to the independent police watchdog .
the family of the late us dj , casey kasem , are suing his former wife over her death .
the international space station -lrb- spaceport -rrb- has opened its doors to the public on monday .
egyptian police and intelligence officers are being accused of sexually assaulting women and young people , according to the human rights group .
championship side jersey reds have voted in favour of promotion to the premiership from 2016 - 17 to the end of the season .
the last 16 of the european championship will take place in france in june , when the tournament takes place in june .
the met office has issued a warning of gales that could affect travel and travel in mid wales .
the chair of the assembly 's justice committee has said there is ` ` any attempts '' to stop the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
five men have been arrested in connection with the fatal shooting of a man in birmingham , police said .
mark ronson has topped the uk singles chart for the first time since ed sheeran took the number one single .
the bbc is to extend its 10 o'clock news programme for the first time in the new year .
whistleblower wikileaks says it will release details of the cia 's hacking tools .
mae dynes wedi cael euog yn cael euog oedfrifol yn caerdydd .
the collapse of bhs , one of the world 's most famous retailers , is the latest bidders to save the retailer from liquidation .
victims of rape and child sexual exploitation could be offered a new right to review their case , labour has said .
savers who have up to # 1 m in their accounts will not be affected by the impact of the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
the belfast telegraph is in talks with the owner of the building of a new building in the city centre .
a primary school has been forced to close after a ` ` perfect storm of bugs '' caused by a vomiting bug .
danny doughty 's injury - time penalty gave league one strugglers swindon victory over millwall .
a man who made millions of pounds of memorabilia from the us has died at the age of 97 .
scientists in guinea say they have found the first evidence that the deadly ebola virus was killed in 2014 .
the grave of a soldier killed in an explosion at his home in north wales 100 years ago have been uncovered .
police in malaysia have recovered the body of a man who was abducted in a busy river in the capital kuala lumpur .
championship side sheffield wednesday have signed leicester city striker gary taylor - fletcher on loan until the end of the season .
a new road linking taunton with the west of the town has opened to the public for the first time .
more than 250 scots soldiers are to be sent to afghanistan as part of an operation to train afghan security forces .
the proportion of girls getting top grades at a - level subjects in england has risen , according to official results .
the amount of agents ' fees paid to agents and intermediaries in england and wales has risen for the first time .
a doctor who admitted falsifying clinical trials has had his name removed from the medical register after a disciplinary hearing .
a seven - year - old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot by a man in kent .
feliciano lopez scored a hat - trick as scotland came from behind to beat france in paris and move up to second in the six nations .
the director of the us secret service , barack obama , has been found with a loaded gun at the white house .
mining giant bhp billiton and iron ore have agreed to pay compensation to the brazilian authorities over the collapse of a dam .
france 's riyad mahut and pierre - hut have spoken of their shock at the paris attacks .
the head of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has admitted he was behind the leak of confidential documents .
rocky producer tony chartoff has died at the age of 67 , his family has confirmed , aged 67 .
chinese artist ai weiwei has said he will make a new work to defend freedom of speech and political art .
us president barack obama and us first lady michelle obama have appeared on carpool karaoke in the us .
a second man has been arrested in connection with the kidnapping of british student nadine ayling .
warrington went top of the super league table with a hard - fought victory over widnes vikings .
leaving the european union would be a ` ` big mistake '' , david cameron has said , as he called for britain to stay in the eu .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has said he will not break any military alliances with the us next year .
hassan rouhani , the former head of iran 's supreme leader , has been re - elected as president of the country .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has said there is a ` ` low level of trust '' between russia and syria .
fidel castro , the former leader of the united states , has died at the age of 87 .
albert pizzi scored a hat - trick as benfica beat 10-man benfica 5 - 0 to keep alive their title hopes .
ukrainian police are investigating the death of opposition politician mikhail kalashnikov , who was killed in kiev last year .
companies in northern ireland are deferring the rate of corporation tax , according to a leading business group .
a body has been found in the search for a missing hillwalker in the cairngorms .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- leader marine le pen has been accused of fraud by the european parliament .
an raf aircraft which crashed during world war two has been painstakingly restored to the public for the first time .
the royal bank of scotland has launched its new # 10 note , featuring images of a leading 19th century scientist .
a police helicopter was attacked by a laser in the eye when it shone a light on aircraft in northamptonshire .
the european commission has announced that canada will resume exporting beef to canada , the eu has announced .
a section of the main railway line between oxford and oxfordshire has been closed for a second time in four years .
jozo imbula scored twice as stoke city came from behind to beat bournemouth at vitality stadium .
the east coast main line between london and london will be open to the public for the first time since christmas .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 19-year - old woman was stabbed in lancashire .
a minute of silence has been taking place at charlie hebdo college in paris to mark the end of the year .
the final section of the uk 's only surviving aircraft has left the country for the first time .
ireland will be ` ` full - strength '' when they face new zealand on saturday , according to coach joe schmidt .
the future of ferry firm seafrance in calais is ` ` a real blow '' , a french court has ruled .
two men have been taken to hospital after their fishing boat crashed into a fishing vessel off the north coast .
former world champion nathan cleverly says he is confident he can upset world championgen braehmer .
bolton wanderers strengthened their grip on the championship play - off places with victory over brentford at the macron stadium .
solihull ended a run of three straight defeats with a 1 - 0 victory at bromley . .
dave murray and dave murray have voted on the board of rangers international football club -lrb- egm -rrb- .
british number two andy lapthorne and australian john reid have reached the final of the australian open .
former rangers midfielder jon daly says he would consider joining the scottish club before the end of the season .
a rocket attack on the egyptian city of eilat has left at least two people dead and more than 50 injured .
bolivian president evo morales has signed into law a new law banning children from working for other countries .
the killing of an al - qaeda leader in the al - qaeda affiliate in the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is a reminder of the scale of the jihadist crisis .
t in the park organisers have announced plans to reorganise the campsite at the event .
the uk government 's chief adviser to the scottish labour party , lord davidson , is taking a look at how the tibetan economy is managed .
india tightened their grip on the second test against south africa with a five - wicket win in delhi .
hibernian head coach neil lennon has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct .
workers on the m20 in calais are set to go on strike in a dispute over illegal migrants .
labour has ` ` lost its way '' in the party 's current position , tony blair has said .
a former government minister in mozambique has been sworn in as president of the country 's main opposition .
saracens scrum - half owen farrell has signed a new three - year contract with the premiership club .
st mirren have appointed neil mccann as their new manager on a two - and - a - half - year deal .
ukip mep steven woolfe has quit the party 's leadership contest , saying he is ` ` injurious '' .
former england striker danny wright has agreed a deal to buy billericay town , the club 's chairman has said .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says he was ` ` disappointed '' by the club 's relegation to the premier league .
a campaign has been launched to keep an open - air car park open for more than a year .
england 's hopes of winning the first test against pakistan were dented by the light in abu dhabi .
the former leader of myanmar 's main opposition party , shwe mann , is in talks with the country 's president .
pregnant women who have suffered sexual violence during childbirth will be offered extra care at the royal london hospital .
cleveland indians beat the cleveland indians 4 - 2 to level the best - of - seven world series in the united states .
police have praised the event 's ` ` guidnashburris '' events in dumfries and galloway .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was seriously injured in an attack .
middlesex have appointed brendon mccullum as their new head coach on a three - year deal .
archaeologists have unearthed parts of a world war two spitfire which crashed in county monaghan during world war ii .
disability benefit claimants who are on sickness benefits will be ` ` going back to work '' , the uk 's first minister has said .
a us student who was detained in north korea last year has been discharged from hospital , doctors say .
oil and gas explorer premier energy has said it has received a ` ` class 1 '' takeover of the north sea .
edf , the owner of one of the world 's biggest nuclear suppliers , has cut its stake in a us nuclear plant .
the number of hate crimes reported by canadian police in 2015 has risen by a third in a year , according to official figures .
the theatre director and director sir peter bogdanov has described his performance of the roman arts as ` ` extraordinary '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in cardiff city centre .
plans for a new burial site in oxford have been withdrawn after the council said it had ` ` run out of suitable land '' .
tributes have been paid to former coronation street actor geoffrey hughes who has died at the age of 84 .
belfast boxer anthony mccomb is through to the quarter - finals of the european championships after beating russia 's alan kuznetsov in ukraine .
china 's stock market has fallen for the first time since the blasts in tianjin , according to state news agency xinhua .
the uk must be ` ` tougher '' to make sure people who are born in afghanistan , prime minister david cameron has said .
the operation to refloat the grounded grounded rig that ran aground in lewis has been called off .
discount retailer b&m has reported a drop in full - year profits for the first time in three years .
a new campus will be built in honour of the author william mcilvanney , the council has announced .
nigeria defender kenneth omeruo has been ruled out of nigeria 's africa cup of nations squad with a hamstring injury .
culture minister [ UNK ] [ UNK ] [ UNK ] has said she is ` ` deeply concerned '' about the leadership of sport ni .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of abduction and abduction after a seven - year - old girl was reported missing from middlesbrough .
a man has been found guilty of stealing hundreds of sheep from a farm in carmarthenshire .
bill cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at the us state university where he is accused of sexual assault .
broadband provider sky has apologised to some customers who have been affected by a ` ` significant increase '' in internet access .
` ` it 's a nation , '' said the ` ` independence campaign '' was a ` ` great idea '' .
ipswich town have signed former mk dons striker byron moore and midfielder jordan spence on loan until the end of the season .
manchester united 's ashley young says he can still repay louis van gaal 's performances in the england squad .
the government is proposing to make it easier for top executives to take part in a shake - up of corporate governance .
england opened the women 's rugby world cup with a comfortable victory over new zealand at twickenham .
the owner of the van gogh museum in amsterdam says it is ` ` working with '' to get the work of a workman .
kyle edmund will take on great britain in the davis cup quarter - final against serbia on friday .
at least 19 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug cartels in northern mexico , officials say .
the former head of guatemala 's former general juan manuel montt has been shot dead by gunmen .
russia says it needs to ` ` restore trust '' to its athletics federation after it was accused of doping .
britain 's paul dickens will defend his wba super - bantamweight title against guillermo rigondeaux in manchester on 26 march .
andy murray says he is ` ` not nervous '' about getting married in his first atp tour .
a 48-hour strike by rail workers in a dispute over pay and conditions has been called off .
chelsea have completed the signing of paris st - germain defender david luiz from paris st - germain .
ed sheeran has made his first public appearance at this year 's latitude festival in the uk .
the first metro has opened in the southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- .
anglers are being urged to ban a fishing hook from a lake after a swan was injured in east sussex .
comedian eddie izzard has completed a 27-mile -lrb- 27 marathons -rrb- charity run in south africa .
the world premiere of the new batman movie has been hailed as ` ` incredible '' by fans .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has called for a ` ` temporary customs union '' after brexit .
belfast giants moved to within a point of elite league leaders cardiff devils with a 2 - 2 victory over cardiff devils .
a police officer fired a taser on a man who died after he was set alight , an inquest has heard .
german airline lufthansa has announced plans to cut the cost of tickets bought by its own website .
the parents of a couple who were detained in a terror cell will meet their children 's needs , a high court judge has ruled .
the publisher of satirical magazine charlie hebdo has published a new book criticising the french magazine 's christian charbdo .
iran 's nuclear reactor at the centre of the world 's biggest nuclear crisis , the country 's interior minister has said .
parents living in a rural area in north wales have criticised a council 's decision to cut free taxi services .
too many older people in care homes are being ` ` institutionalised '' , a report has found .
dagenham and wycombe slipped to the bottom of the national league after drawing with wycombe .
oscar - winning actress and writer robin hood is one of the most influential women in the us tv series .
the rise in the number of christians in wales has been a ` ` concern '' , according to the author of the 2011 census .
former cia director david petraeus has said he believes donald trump has the right qualities to be us president .
dundee moved to within two points of the premiership play - off places with victory at dens park .
two british servicemen arrested in abu dhabi on suspicion of taking photographs of aircraft are to be charged with fraud .
booker prize winner arundhati mukherjee has been shortlisted for this year 's diagram prize for fiction .
a north korean man who was arrested in connection with the death of kim jong - nam has accused malaysia of using coercion .
oxford united 's league two play - off hopes were dealt another blow as oxford united came from behind to beat newport county .
macclesfield town have signed midfielder shaun marsh from national league rivals dover athletic on a two - year deal .
hundreds of tata steel workers have protested in port talbot against the decision to leave the company 's board .
the number of school patrol officers in scotland has fallen by almost a third since 2013 , according to new figures .
a new range of emoji flags will be introduced on smartphones , tablets and smartphones .
manchester united striker carlton cole says he will be ` ` a tough road '' to compete in next season 's champions league .
ian hutchinson is in a stable condition in hospital after suffering a broken leg at the isle of man tt .
a man accused of hunting a fox on a fox hunt in the scottish borders has told a court he was ` ` in charge '' .
shares in asia were lower on friday after the car maker admitted falsifying data for its vehicles .
jeremy corbyn has urged labour to ` ` review and refresh its thinking on social security '' .
david warner hit an unbeaten century as australia drew with west indies in the second test in melbourne to end the series .
a 21-year - old man who was arrested on suspicion of being part of a terror offence has said he was ` ` humbled twice '' .
as the mourne mountains take place in northern ireland , bbc news takes a look at the challenges faced by refugees and refugees .
a police officer who used his position to identify women who were ` ` vulnerable '' has been jailed .
the remains of a woman who died in the java sea crash have been found by indonesian authorities , officials say .
it 's one of the most exciting sporting stories in the world , but what do you think ?
fulham moved into the championship play - off places with victory over brentford thanks to goals from tom cairney and nasser aluko .
non - league side chesham united came from behind to beat league one side bradford city and reach the fa cup second round .
a man has been charged with indecently assaulting a teenage boy in cumbria , police said .
leeds united head coach massimo cellino says he will not want players to stay in the club next season .
loganair is to continue operating a direct air service between dundee and london stansted for another two years .
the women 's team at notts county ladies are to move to lincoln city , the club has confirmed .
the owner of jcb , one of the uk 's biggest banks , has ended its membership of the cbi , following the brexit vote .
a women 's centre is changing the definition of misogyny hate crime as a hate crime .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter says he is ` ` not surprised '' by the club 's number eight call - up .
hampshire all - rounder liam dawson says he is looking forward to returning to england 's limited - overs squad .
more than a third of people in the uk have ` ` highly - conflicted '' relationships , according to a study .
sandwich chain pret has announced it will pay 16-year - olds to help 16-year - olds find work experience week .
a royal marine has spoken of his frustration after he was ` ` amazed '' when his medals were stolen from his car .
a dog had a ` ` heart in the mouth '' when he was shot in the head by a crossbow .
world number one rory mcilroy will take a two - shot lead into the final round of the masters at augusta .
a woman who died after being admitted to a hospital with sepsis was not given the best chance of survival , an inquest has heard .
virtual reality headsets are coming to an end - and we ' ve been talking about what it takes .
european commission president jean - claude juncker has set out plans to relocate 160,000 refugees to germany and germany .
climate change could affect the world 's most common species , according to a new analysis of climate change .
lazio have been given a two - match ban by uefa for failing to reach the europa league quarter - finals .
chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder cesc fabregas from manchester united for an undisclosed fee .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side 's ` ` rock - bottom '' display in january was ` ` rock - bottomtom '' .
a teenager from county durham has been crowned the winner of an alternative model of the year for the first time .
northern ireland manager michael o'neill has been in charge of the european championship for the first time .
the number of patients waiting for a place to become available in scotland 's accident and emergency departments has risen by more than a third in a year .
more than half of pupils in england are taking a - levels in their local authorities , according to a study .
the government 's counter - terrorism strategy must be stepped up to protect a british schoolgirl from being radicalised , an mp has said .
iaaf president vitaly mutko says russia 's doping programme is ` ` high time '' for its return to competition .
an anti - extremist campaign has been launched in glasgow to raise awareness of the muslim community .
bristol rovers have signed stoke city midfielder ryan sweeney and winger dominic telford on loan until the end of the season .
chris martin says scotland 's players must show how to cope with the intensity of their euro 2016 heroics .
there 's one - off election in the uk - but what does n't mean for voters ?
britain 's naomi broady will face naomi broady in the second round of the australian open .
qpr defender steven caulker will not be involved in an altercation with rangers , the club have confirmed .
germany 's data watchdog has ordered facebook to share data with its parent company whatsapp .
women 's super league one side glasgow city have signed sunderland ladies striker rachel staniforth and nikita sjoman .
two polish police officers are to be working in a town to discuss the murder of a polish man .
angola 's government has scrapped a controversial anti - government law that would have been banned from sharing information online .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo has apologised for failing to make an emergency call in sunday 's spanish grand prix .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton in the mexican grand prix to win the title .
the uk needs a ` ` transitional period '' to deal with the european union after brexit , michael gove has said .
australian police say they are aware of the dangers of ` ` killer clowns '' in public .
sunderland have signed winger giaccherini from italian side ac milan on a season - long loan deal .
kenya 's opposition leader raila odinga has urged people to return to work after a nationwide strike by president uhuru kenyatta .
dog mess on beaches in scotland has gone up for the first time , according to marine conservationists .
the government has survived a vote of no confidence in the chancellor 's plans to raise vat .
serie a side parma have entered the final stage of the season , with the italian club 's owners saying they are not yet offered new offers .
the bbc 's director general , mark carney , has announced that business news is going to change .
eastleigh have signed striker nick tubbs from portsmouth for an undisclosed fee , with the option of a further 12 months .
the owner of coca - cola , the world 's biggest drinks maker , has reported a sharp fall in profits .
edinburgh capitals head coach lee johnston says his side 's ` ` adversity '' win over dundee stars was a ` ` good chance '' to finish top of the table .
a new female osprey chick has laid her first egg at a wildlife reserve in perthshire .
the coroner inquests into the deaths of 21 people in the kingsmills in northern ireland has urged the government to fund legal aid .
pakistan 's military says it has carried out air strikes on an international airport in north - west pakistan .
youtube founder mark tomska has a reputation for being ` ` pessimistic '' and ` ` horrendous '' .
a senior al - qaeda leader has been killed in a us drone strike in yemen , us officials say .
a woman has been stopped by police after she was stopped by a police car on the m1 in suffolk .
britain 's john mcdonnell will defend his wba lightweight title against juan alberto rosas on saturday .
france 's justice minister , gambmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmbmb
a swan has been rescued from a top - floor balcony at a shopping centre in central london .
england 's players will earn # 300,000 a year in 2015 , according to the rugby players ' association .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the dangers of hearing loss .
newcastle falcons director of rugby dean whitehead says his side 's ` ` combativeness '' has shown in the premiership .
thieves have ripped through the front of a co - op shop in north yorkshire , forcing the building to open .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after a 16-year - old girl died from an allergic reaction at a takeaway .
police investigating the rape of a woman and her child have renewed their appeal for information after the attack .
vote leave has published a claim that someone can win # 50 million by correctly predicting the outcome of euro 2016 .
afc wimbledon have sacked manager karl robinson after he was racially abused by a member of the club .
barclays has agreed to pay $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # 1.3 bn -rrb- to the us authorities over the libor scandal .
emily 's short story about a chimpanzee has won a newsround award in canada .
gary madine scored twice as bolton came from behind to beat sheffield united in the efl cup first round .
a teenager who died after being ` ` failed by the system '' was ` ` badly let down '' , an inquest has heard .
the european union has agreed to set up a new list of countries on tax havens to hide wealth .
mobile phone maker ee has announced that it will launch a new handset at the end of the year .
a 19-year - old man who died after being hit by a car in caerphilly county has been named by police .
arsenal 's mesut ozil says he will remain at the club until the end of the season .
a minute 's silence has been held in south yorkshire to mark the end of the deep coal mining disaster .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on wednesday , boosted by a strong rally in the us economy .
the national portrait gallery -lrb- npg -rrb- has been given a grant to save a rare african title .
a spectacular , beautiful , enigmatic image of a mysterious scream has been released by researchers in norway .
soft drinks firm ag barr has reported a sharp rise in profits after reporting a rise in demand for drinks .
a man and a woman have died after their yacht capsized off the south african coast on monday .
the number of applications for job applicants in germany has risen sharply in recent years , according to a study .
rafael nadal and rafael nadal will meet in the us open quarter - finals on tuesday .
a 21-year - old man has died after being shot in the chest in a sheffield street .
the irish boxing association -lrb- iaba -rrb- has ` ` major concerns '' over how the sport is run .
scientists say they have found evidence of an ` ` unprecedented '' flooding on the yangtze river .
oscar - winning actress julie hedren has said she was ` ` appalled and disgusted '' by her treatment of her by the director of the birds .
salford red devils have signed hooker tyrone mccarthy from nrl side salford bulls for an undisclosed - length deal .
an artist whose images of the ` ` lost waters '' of the sea of hull are to go on display .
a metropolitan police officer has been sacked for leaking ` ` misleading and misleading '' statements to the press .
police in italy have arrested dozens of people suspected of stealing millions of pounds from a catholic centre in naples .
more than half of police officers in england and wales are planning to leave the service , a survey has found .
the nominations for this year 's uk 's best album of the year have been unveiled by the bbc .
the uk will not fail in ` ` isolation '' if it tries to tackle terrorism , the prime minister has said .
nigeria 's military says it has offered a reward for information on suspected militant islamist group boko haram .
tom latham hit a career - best century as durham dominated durham with bat and ball at trent bridge .
the augmented reality game game pokemon go has been released in the uk , with the release of the iphone 's app .
greek finance minister alexis tsipras has delayed the start of talks on the bailout deal , which will take place in the coming days .
the world 's most powerful el nino event has been the strongest year on record , according to scientists .
human remains found in a wooded area in edinburgh have been confirmed as that of missing woman ann tiffney .
saul ` canelo ' alvarez says he will fight middleweight rival gennady golovkin in las vegas on saturday .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 30-year - old man was stabbed in the neck in north belfast .
plans for a new incineration plant in norwich have been unveiled by the city 's council .
it 's one of the uk 's best - selling wine producers , but this year 's bad weather has n't been a bad year .
an honorary consul in the french city of bodrum has denied selling supplies to migrants in turkey . .
an investigation is under way after a fire at a deep mine in cornwall , the environment watchdog has said .
red bull have said they are in talks with renault over a potential deal to supply their engine partner .
plans for a new motor racing track in ebbw vale are ` ` a long way short '' , according to the head of the industry .
six teenagers have died from carbon monoxide poisoning in a hut in germany , police say , following the deaths of six teenagers .
britain 's tom daley says he is ` ` heartbroken '' after failing to qualify for the 10 m platform final .
former prime minister sir john major has accused the leave campaign of ` ` absolute dismissal of democracy '' .
the copper box at the olympic park in london 's olympic park is a place for the first time .
the owner of a rolls - royce car that once belonged to actress diana dors has sold at auction for $ 3 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 3 m -rrb- .
a memorial service has been held in paris to mark the 70th anniversary of the attacks in paris in which 129 people died .
sergio garcia carded a five - under - par 65 to move into the final round of the munich masters .
the humpback whale is one of the world 's most famous and profitable and enigmatic forms .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in asia rose on friday , boosted by hopes of a deal to buy a us firm .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a medieval bridge has re - opened for the first time in more than 100 years after it re - opened .
astronaut tim peake has been in space at the international space station in florida , usa , for the first time .
jake cassidy and jake cassidy both scored in each half as macclesfield drew with hartlepool .
uber has said it will raise $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- a year in china over the next 12 months .
satellite tracking of aircraft from the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been agreed by un officials .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has published its list of reforms aimed at boosting the greek economy .
kickstarter , the company behind the story of god and men , has pulled out of a crowdfunding website .
the university of reading has announced plans to convert two historic buildings into flats into flats in the town .
a bid to create a combined authority for hampshire and the solent has been rejected by the government .
pfizer and flynn pharma have been accused of breaching uk competition law by selling drugs to a cancer drug .
scientists in the pacific ocean have been taking part in an expedition to find out how deep sea life is .
the inquest into the death of murdered schoolgirl alice gross is to be opened by the coroner .
an australian author who won the prestigious windham prize for non - fiction has received an email from her publisher .
league two side colchester united have signed coventry city goalkeeper luke reid on a two - year deal . .
the uk 's highest court has ruled that the working week could affect people who work in the uk .
a major search for a kayaker off the county antrim coast has been called off due to a hoax alarm .
the white house says it is ` ` gravely concerned '' for the safety of thousands of yazidis in northern iraq .
britain 's dave bishop and tom bishop won gold in the 10 km triathlon at the world series event in baku .
rangers have signed northern ireland defender michael hodson from mk dons on a season - long loan deal .
the liberal democrats have pledged to create 1,000 new apprentices in wales , if they win the assembly election .
the publisher of the independent newspaper -lrb- esi -rrb- has announced it is to close its print edition .
actor freeman is to receive the american film institute 's lifetime achievement award -lrb- afi -rrb- .
a police officer who rescued a man who fell from a fire escape has been given a bravery award .
two teenagers accused of stabbing a 12-year - old classmate to death in the us state of wisconsin have been remanded in custody .
stephen maguire says he is ` ` embarrassed '' after he was knocked out of the world championship .
league one side mk dons have signed former millwall defender jermaine abdou for an undisclosed fee .
former manchester united boss louis van gaal has announced he will not return to coaching in the netherlands .
a cancer sufferer who was diagnosed with a brain tumour has died , her family has said .
a pair of german cup and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a south london home .
wales are ` ` 100 % '' favourites to win their six nations opener against england at twickenham on saturday .
the struggling shoe retailer brantano has gone into administration , with the loss of more than 70 jobs .
` ` i ' ve never dreamed of being a football legend , '' says one of the world 's greatest footballers .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union was a ` ` democratic decision '' , according to the queen .
a rare oak in glasgow has been chosen to be the scottish tree of the year for the first time .
a new cross - border rail link should be extended to the scottish borders , according to a report .
a senior official in the department of finance -lrb- tuv -rrb- could take control of the northern ireland executive .
the number of under-18s referred to the nhs in england has risen by more than a third in five years , figures show .
a 19-year - old man from sydney has been arrested in australia on suspicion of terrorism offences .
a council has defended its decision to ban cyclists from taking part in a ` ` special event '' .
japan 's emperor akihito will abdicate , the country 's government says , after reports that he is considering abdicate .
a human rights event at a foreign correspondent 's club in thailand has been cancelled , the human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- has said .
the head teacher of a school in england has banned conkers from all primary school activities from the classroom .
sunderland and england winger adam johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a young girl in january .
as the national football league prepares for its first full season in 2016 , the football association of england -lrb- nfl -rrb- announced that its chief executive , roger goodell , the head of the organisation 's global football association .
ospreys number eight taulupe faletau is a doubt for saturday 's pro12 match against saracens .
bolton 's fabrice muamba died from a cardiac arrest in his side 's fa cup quarter - final second - round tie at tottenham , according to his doctor .
the chairman of india 's tata group has accused the company of ` ` ludicating itself with glory '' .
the father of a missing toddler has been arrested in alabama in connection with the disappearance of his son .
a palestinian man has been killed and two others wounded in a car crash near ramallah , israel 's military says .
anti - fracking campaigners are set to oppose plans to fracking at a north yorkshire seaside resort .
` ` cloud cloud '' is a source of ` ` cloud '' , according to a new report .
an exhibition celebrating the creation of a baby giraffe has opened at the prince of wales in london .
cardiff blues have retained the 2016 - 17 pro12 title after winning the welsh cup for the first time .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on friday , boosted by a strong us jobs report .
staff at a health trust are to be offered free accommodation at three hospitals in the south of england .
the authorities in china 's shanwei province are trying to stop anti - government protests .
heavy rain and heavy rain saw arcade fire take to the stage of the opening night of the eden festival in somerset .
french muslims are being held in paris to mark the 70th anniversary of the charlie hebdo attacks .
a man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping and kidnapping a woman in his car in east belfast .
the number of babies born with a drug addiction in england has fallen to its lowest level since 2011 , figures show .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in west london .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard guscott is looking forward to the memories of their historic match against leicester tigers at the rec .
an oil and gas charity has threatened legal action against the national trust over its plans to drill for shale gas .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has been accused of ` ` crippling the state '' , the national federation has said .
there is ` ` serious concerns '' about the closure of unregistered schools in england , the chief inspector of schools says .
drugs with a street value of # 50,000 have been seized after a crane was thrown over a prison roof .
madonna has released a video of her latest album , snapchat , on the social networking app .
plans to build a new shopping centre in oxford have been given the go - ahead by developers .
police in west belfast have removed the name of a 26-year - old man who was shot in the legs in a paramilitary - style shooting .
torquay moved into the national league play - off places with a 2 - 0 victory over north ferriby .
moors murderer ian brady 's mental health unit has been told he must continue to receive medical treatment .
us actor matthew mcconaughey has become the latest hollywood actor to leave the university of texas .
police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was indecently assaulted in a ` ` frightening '' car .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at africa 's economic crisis .
cambridge united 's league two play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they were beaten at cambridge united .
the conservative party has accused the conservatives of being ` ` completely unacceptable '' after it accused the party of ` ` abuse '' mps .
west ham have signed norway international winger anders nordtveit from arsenal for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
a volunteer at a channel islands lifeboat station has been suspended over allegations of bullying and bullying by staff .
sports direct has reported a ` ` significant improvement '' in its share price after its chief executive , thomas hellawell , said the company 's results .
the us justice department has announced that agents in the us will no longer be recording interviews with suspects .
an outbreak of clostridium difficile -lrb- mrsa -rrb- in denbighshire has been hailed as ` ` abysmal '' .
the president of brazil 's human rights watchdog has resigned from his job , following allegations of racism and crimes against humanity .
on the eve of the us election campaign , the campaign has been taking place in the town of oregon .
researchers have made a series of ` ` skotocartography '' maps of dark matter .
the founder of bristol 's st pauls carnival , maria beckford , has died aged 84 .
northern ireland 's hospitals are struggling to cope with the pressures faced by patients and patients , according to new figures .
the royal british legion has launched a campaign to rethink remembrance and poppy awareness among older veterans .
a man who died after he was hit by a lorry in somerset has been named by police .
two lifeboats have been called out after a man was reported to have gone missing on the isle of man .
american sprinter justin gatlin has become the fastest sprinter in history to become the world 's fastest sprinter .
the uk 's brexit minister has accused the french government of ` ` disputing '' the city of london .
the department of work and pensions -lrb- bhs -rrb- has been accused of being part of an ` ` ambitious '' overhaul of its pension scheme .
aberdeen winger jonny hayes has been handed a one - match suspension for his red card in saturday 's 2 - 2 draw with celtic .
a girl who raped a man and tried to kill a fellow care home worker has been found guilty of attempted murder .
roma captain francesco totti has signed a new two - year contract with the italian champions until 2021 .
a man has appeared in court charged with raping and sexually abusing children at a nursery in birmingham .
birmingham city manager gary rowett has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club .
a 61-year - old man has gone on trial accused of raping and sexually abusing two teenage girls .
a statue of jesus , the homeless man who was killed in the canadian city of belfast , has been unveiled .
whatsapp users are using whatsapp to get in touch with the bbc on the internet .
members of venezuela 's opposition have asked the opposition to leave the national assembly in protest at a supreme court ruling .
warwickshire off - spinner samit patel has signed a one - year contract extension with the bears .
economy secretary ken skates has apologised for a ` ` national crisis '' in rail services in wales .
hartlepool united manager brian cox has signed a new one - year contract with the national league club .
scotland are capable of winning the top teams in the six nations , according to former captain richie gray .
celtic have agreed a deal to sign aberdeen midfielder patrick roberts on loan until the end of the season .
kevin pietersen marked his return to international cricket with a five - wicket haul as the super league club beat the knights in melbourne .
the uk 's economy is ` ` in its stride '' , according to a leading economic forecaster .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the impact of the attack on the westgate shopping centre .
england tightened their grip on the second test against pakistan with a five - wicket win in abu dhabi .
a van driver has admitted causing the death of a man in a crash in west lothian last year .
claire sugden has become the first person to be the new justice minister in northern ireland for five years .
william shakespeare 's life is to be celebrated with a ` ` soft power '' programme to encourage young people to learn lessons .
israeli security forces have vowed to re - open the ancient city of jerusalem 's ancient city , after a series of deadly clashes .
work is under way on a new retail park in merthyr tydfil which will see the site 's first store .
lord heseltine has accused boris johnson of making ` ` obscene '' comments about the eu referendum campaign .
ride - sharing app uber has agreed to pay $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- in damages to the firm 's drivers .
championship side fulham have signed senegal striker alex cyriac from oostende for an undisclosed fee .
in the aftermath of the massive tsunami in sri lanka , more than 100 people have died in hospital .
former new owner steve mccourt has signed a new deal to take charge of french side marseille .
one of scotland 's last remaining commercial vessels has been bought by one of the country 's last commercial vessels .
bristol city moved to within a point of the championship play - off places with victory over bristol city .
a londonderry woman has pleaded guilty to stealing # 50,000 from a cancer charity .
barcelona forward rakitic has agreed a new four - year contract with the spanish champions , subject to clearance .
it 's one of the main political parties in the run - up to the general election , but what do they do ?
a video has emerged apparently showing the killing of civilians by syrian government forces in the northern province of aleppo .
manchester city striker gabriel jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a foot injury .
former prime minister gordon brown has said he is ` ` deeply and profoundly sorry '' after the iraq war .
the dup and sinn [ UNK ] 's nigel farage have been reacting to the news that the general election was the result of last week 's election .
the decline in bumblebee populations in the uk is a ` ` mystery '' , according to a study .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he is ready to fight with the club 's ` ` best '' players .
the church of ireland has said it is ` ` not up to pace '' with the introduction of same - sex marriage .
st etienne have re - signed cameroon international mohamed assou - ekotto on a two - year deal .
the bbc is using a technology technology that allows people to control programmes using brainwaves and control .
lancashire have appointed peter chapple as their new head coach on a two - year contract , replacing peter moores .
the future of wales ' timber industry is ` ` sexier '' , according to business leaders .
an inquest into the deaths of a mother and sister in the hillsborough disaster has opened in sheffield .
the uk 's record revenues rose by more than # 1bn last year , according to the bpi .
craig durrant has been left out of rangers ' squad for the new season , bbc scotland has learned .
a man who died after a two - vehicle crash in aberdeenshire has been named by police .
the head of the uk 's intelligence watchdog has defended the way facebook and youtube searches are collected .
the mother of murdered toddler james bulger has said she will ` ` fight it '' for her son .
a catholic school has criticised the ` ` financial strain '' caused by the timing of the prom .
huddersfield 's slim hopes of avoiding relegation from the championship were dented as they lost at huddersfield .
staff at the university of wales are set to go on strike on wednesday in a dispute over pay .
the iconic image of james bond has been unveiled on bbc radio 4 's website , the bbc 's mark lowen .
the family of an 82-year - old 82-old woman who died in a ` ` brutal '' attack in fife have paid tribute to her grandmother .
a 21-year - old man has been injured in a shooting in coleraine , county londonderry .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death at his home in sheffield . .
a female bird of prey has returned to a wildlife reserve in the scottish highlands for the first time .
newcastle united won the championship for the first time this season as they beat barnsley 3 - 0 at st james ' park .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife , who died from asphyxiation .
wales scrum - half rhys webb has been ruled out of the 2016 six nations because of a knee injury .
police in sicily have arrested 15 firefighters in connection with a lottery fraud in the city of ragusa .
ukip leader nigel farage will be eligible to stand in the party 's leadership contest in august .
itv has commissioned a sixth series of downton abbey , which will take place next year . ''
widnes vikings moved up to fourth in super league with a comfortable victory over warrington wolves at the vikings .
japan and south korea have vowed to build trust in exchange for a long - running row over disputed islands .
the world 's oceans is at risk of being threatened by climate change , according to un experts .
a football fan who was seriously injured in a hit - and - run crash will donate his shirts to cambridge united .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being found seriously injured in a street in west lothian .
league two side dover athletic have signed former gillingham and gillingham striker bondz n'gala .
a man has died and another has been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a van on the a707 in dumfries and galloway .
northern ireland 's tourist board needs to improve its relationship with the tourism industry , a report has said .
the family of a 67-year - old woman who has been expelled from the uk for refusing to return home .
morocco coach herve renard will take charge of the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon on wednesday .
china 's imports fell by a third - quarter in the first three months of the year in september .
northampton town boss keith hackett says his side 's fa cup win over league one side stourbridge is the biggest achievement in the club 's history .
former new zealand coach warren gatland is a ` ` quality guy '' , according to welsh rugby union chief executive ian brooke .
great britain 's four - time weightlifting champion kelly smith is confident he will represent team gb at this summer 's european championships in norway .
former world number one caroline wozniacki will face american madison stephens in the rogers cup final .
a ` ` significant '' amount of blue john has been discovered in a disused quarry in shropshire .
a man who escaped from a court in belfast more than 40 years ago has been jailed for two - and - a - half years .
pregnant women should be aware of the risk of malaria in the uk , a leading health body has warned .
it 's one of the uk 's biggest hospitals in the world , and it 's already time to cope .
britons hannah davies and georgie hermitage claimed gold in the t37 400 m at the european para - athletics championships .
boreham wood have signed a new three - year contract with the national league club , with the option of a further year .
the left - wing party in jeremy corbyn 's leadership contest has said it is ` ` ludicrous '' to join the party .
actor tom hiddleston has apologised for his performance in a speech at the golden globes .
police in the republic of ireland are continuing to search for a man who was shot dead in spain .
archaeologists searching for the remains of a coastal village in gower have said they are ` ` disappointed '' .
the labour party has defended its decision to close a flagship youth unemployment benefit scheme in wales without a clear plan .
a man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a 15-year - old girl who died after taking ecstasy .
hull will be without midfielder curtis silva and abel hernandez for the first time since the end of the season .
a former police officer has said there is ` ` real potential '' for drugs dealing in northern ireland .
the rohingya ethnic minority in myanmar -lrb- also known as burma -rrb- - has been living in the north - east .
irish boxer michael irivine has won the european flyweight title after beating ukraine 's gadzhimagomedov in ukraine .
gloucester city football club has submitted plans for a new stadium in the south - east of the city .
burundi 's opposition has won a third term in parliamentary elections in the capital , bujumbura .
the us economy added 215,000 jobs in may , the lowest since the 2008 financial crisis .
super league side widnes vikings have been fined # 2,000 for breaching the rugby football league 's pitch rules .
former world number one steve davis is through to the second round of qualifying at the world snooker championship in sheffield .
an inquiry into the policing of the so - called battle of orgreave will not be made public , the home office has said .
nigeria 's military says it has freed two girls abducted from boko haram camps in north - eastern nigeria .
donald trump has said he is ` ` not surprised '' that he has been accused of sexually abusing women .
sweden 's henrik stenson carded a three - shot lead into the final round of the memorial tournament in troon .
a doctor who stole more than # 50,000 from a gp surgery has been jailed for five years .
the cost of buying high - value social housing in some of the most expensive parts of england would be # 1.5 bn a year , the bbc has learned .
one of europe 's most highly - rated ryder cup players has come to an end in california .
football 's world cup governing body has passed a law banning players from wearing ` ` slogans '' .
it 's one of the most common form of the uk 's inheritance tax - and it 's not the most expensive tax - free form .
liverpool striker fernando alonso could make his first start of the season against southampton in the efl cup fourth round .
holders hibernian reached the women 's fa cup quarter - finals with victory over celtic .
wales full - back leigh halfpenny will miss the rest of the world cup with a serious knee injury .
national league side barrow have parted company with manager brian cox following his departure from league two side hartlepool united .
green day have cancelled a concert in glasgow after the band cancelled their european tour due to safety issues .
uganda 's mamelodi sundowns must ` ` fight for the title '' , according to coach pitso mosimane .
two distillers in china have seized more than 1,000 tonnes of illicit milk , chinese officials say .
plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in scotland have been unveiled by the scottish parliament for the first time .
partick thistle have signed dundee united midfielder patrick artemis for an undisclosed fee , bbc scotland has learned .
a us naval officer has been killed in a drink - driving accident on the japanese island of okinawa .
everton produced a dominant display to thrash wolfsburg and reach the europa league quarter - finals for the first time .
hsbc has appointed neil tucker as the new chief executive of the uk 's biggest bank -lrb- aia -rrb- .
safety concerns have been raised after a worker was exposed in a nuclear submarine accident at devonport royal infirmary .
it 's one of the most exciting stories in the world , and we ' ve already got together .
a man who stole # 3,000 worth of heroin and cannabis has been jailed for nine months .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
police have appealed for information after a woman was raped and raped in the north of glasgow in february .
a bonfire has been burning on bonfires in east belfast on the eleventh night of the general election .
two primary schools in the us state of virginia have been closed because of a teacher 's anti - muslim rhetoric .
opener keaton jennings took three wickets to help somerset recover from durham 's collapse against durham at taunton .
plans to redevelop bristol city council 's headquarters have been unveiled by the city council .
millions of parents are calling for the government to cap the cost of school holidays in england and wales .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have carried out an attack on a shrine in the iraqi city of balad .
domino 's pizza group says it has seen a ` ` massive increase '' in online delivery sales in the uk .
victims of the murder of a county tyrone teenager are being urged to register for information on her killer .
an iranian couple who moved to cambodia by boat have left the country , the australian government has said .
aberdeen city council has voted to make cuts to its budget for next year 's budget , despite opposition .
bristol city are in the ` ` market '' for centre - half lee johnson , according to the club 's chairman .
league two side luton town have signed birmingham city striker cameron mcgeehan on loan until the end of the season .
plans to introduce a late - night levy on pubs in liverpool city centre have been rejected by councillors .
great britain 's men 's basketball team will be shown live on bbc two in london on sunday .
the prime minister has accused the european union of holding up a ` ` swift '' brexit deal .
ed sheeran has revealed he is suffering from ` ` severe depression '' after his return to strictly come dancing .
us president barack obama has called for an increase in the number of refugees who have fled their country .
the germanwings aeroplane co - pilot suspected of killing - suicide , andreas lubitz , has been suffering from depression .
japan 's prime minister shinzo abe has held a rare meeting with us president - elect donald trump .
australia 's paul reiffel has been ruled out of the third test against india in mumbai after suffering a head injury .
a new genetic test has been developed by the british heart foundation -lrb- msc -rrb- .
a care home for people with learning disabilities in bristol has been ` ` inadequate '' , inspectors have said .
a danish court has sentenced four journalists to 18 months in prison for selling information about the country 's political location .
gunmen have killed at least 19 people in an attack on a cafe in bangladesh 's capital dhaka , officials say .
activity in the us 's manufacturing sector slowed in june , according to a closely watched purchasing managers ' index .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in manchester city centre .
workers at tata steel 's uk operations have agreed to change their pensions , the company has confirmed .
a man has died after falling into the sea off the isle of mull in dumfries .
scientists in the uk are to carry out ` ` genetic editing '' in embryos in embryos .
the us department of columbia and maryland are suing president donald trump for $ 1.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
chelsea manager jose mourinho says he is close to signing a new four - year contract .
a british inventor has built a life - size ` ` bio - sized '' ` ` human legs '' in a ` ` bionic '' car .
three british soldiers who died in an explosion in afghanistan were unlawfully killed , an inquest has heard .
a woman who was targeted in an online scam has been targeted by fraudsters in the uk .
glasgow - based shipping firm aggreko has agreed to buy rival rival dryco for an undisclosed sum .
the belfast giants have announced that eight players will leave the club at the end of the season in may .
dundee manager paul hartley says the striker kane hemmings is a ` ` fantastic return '' for the club .
the family of a 72-year - old woman who died in australia say they have failed to find a new visa .
a chicago police chief has been charged with the murder of a black teenager by the city 's police officer .
gary neville 's injury - time equaliser salvaged a point for valencia against sanabria .
two people have died and two others have been seriously injured in a two - car crash in cumbria .
china 's supreme court has ruled that an international tribunal in the south china sea is ` ` illegal and invalid '' .
the creator of the comic - book franchise , lee , is to make a film based on the star 's characters .
brexit secretary david davis has urged the irish government to ` ` urgently '' secure a trade deal with the european union .
three australian men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a us student in a shooting in angus .
the uk 's first passport holder has been cancelled after the home office changed her name to her name .
a new task force has been set up to help resolve the crisis in fraserburgh and lanarkshire .
boris johnson , the former mayor of the united states , says he will not travel to new york this year .
the bbc has agreed a deal to bring live coverage of the diamond league to bbc sport until 2020 .
tributes have been paid to irish actor adam lally , who has died at the age of 63 .
vodafone has been accused of breaching the indian government 's tax bill by claiming millions of dollars in tax .
southampton manager stephen friend has been taken to hospital with head injuries after he fell against the dugout in the premier league .
at least 13 bodies have been found in kenya 's north - eastern puntland region , the bbc has learned .
indian prime minister narendra modi has announced that 500 and 1,000 rupee notes are to be scrapped .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
president donald trump 's election campaign has come to an end in his first week as us president .
leigh centurions have appointed former st helens boss keiron cunningham as their new head of rugby .
a man has died after a two - vehicle crash on the a713 in south ayrshire .
bath ran in seven second - half tries to beat london irish and move up to fourth in the premiership .
super league side bradford bulls have been given membership to an oil company after the rugby football league 's takeover of the club .
brazil 's world cup - winning striker pele has sold for # 90,000 at auction .
the number of visitors to yorkshire 's weeping poppies has risen by more than a third in a year .
a planning application for a house in the heart of a ` ` garden garden garden '' has been rejected .
four people have been killed in an attack on a police compound in china 's restive xinjiang province , state media report .
sergio garcia , kevin pieters and kevin pieters share the lead after the first round of the masters at augusta .
guy martin has announced he is quitting road racing after crashing at the isle of man tt last month .
chancellor philip hammond and his wife theresa may will be ` ` neighbours '' after the general election , the chancellor has said .
donald trump 's ` ` anti - semitic rhetoric '' is ` ` shameless and irresponsible '' , says amnesty international .
south africa 's largest steelworkers have gone on strike in a dispute over workers ' working conditions .
disney is one of the world 's most powerful and powerful people , but it 's also known as the star wars franchise .
batsman stephen cook has been named in the england squad for the third test against south africa in johannesburg .
salford red devils have re - signed former leeds rhinos prop adam hood on a two - year deal .
great britain 's samantha murray has missed out on a place in the women 's final at the world indoor bowls championships .
two turkish papers have been killed in a series of explosions in the capital , istanbul , police say .
dundee united have signed dundee united 's sean keatings on a two - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
yeovil town striker andre ayew has been suspended for two weeks after being involved in an alleged incident with watford .
cardiff blues climbed to the top of the pro12 with a bonus - point win over cardiff blues .
russia has accused turkey of being involved in an air strike on the rebel - held town of al - bab in syria .
shares in china 's biggest social network , weibo , have jumped more than 20 % on the first day of trading .
salford red devils have agreed deals to sign wigan warriors pair kyle chase and danny hansen , while hull kr have released winger jordan jordan jordan paterson .
the last samuri chase is set to win the grand national for the first time in 25 years .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has apologised for the way the hillsborough disaster unfolded .
the pentagon has asked the us military to review its policy on transgender people who have gender dysphoria .
a woman has died after she was hit by a bus at a bus depot in londonderry .
at least 19 people have been killed in a bus crash in saudi arabia , the interior ministry says .
the release of frozen 2 is set to make its first film based on the original film , disney has confirmed .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced the launch of a rover on the red planet .
british number one johanna konta reached the quarter - finals of the katowice open in china .
two fishing vessels have been rescued from the sea off the south devon coast , the fire service has said .
britain 's andy murray says he will not be distracted by the lack of junior players in the sport .
great britain 's men 's tennis team have secured their place in the davis cup semi - finals .
the chair of the finance committee has said he is ` ` disappointed '' the chairman of the nama nama inquiry has been asked to attend a hearing .
laura mac says she is ` ` natural frightened '' when she returns to the bbc two show later this year .
the number of animals rescued by the rspca in wales has fallen for the first time in 2015 , according to the charity .
the amount of money borrowed by uk landlords and buyers of second homes in the year to march has risen , official figures show .
more than 1,000 secondary schools in west sussex are in debt , according to the government .
ukip leader boris johnson has said he is ` ` hold our fire '' after the vote to leave the eu .
northampton town have terminated the contract of midfielder gaby mccormack following his release by dr congo .
rangers moved up to third in the scottish premiership with a comfortable victory over aberdeen at ibrox .
a star wars academy is set to become the first fully - fledged star wars fighter in england .
a man who defrauded arts organisations out of # 9,000 has been jailed for five years .
the father of marussia 's jules bianchi says he is ` ` less optimistic '' about his son 's survival .
one of the last surviving members of the world 's best - selling rock band has been reunited with his former bandmates .
former shadow cabinet minister owen smith has said he can be a credible labour leader and the next prime minister .
a man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of missing swansea man david warburton . .
a poppy seller has paid tribute to the ` ` lost people '' who died in world war two .
a fire has broken out on a passenger ferry off the spanish coast of balearic island , forcing four people to evacuate .
two teenagers have been seriously injured in a two - vehicle crash in aberdeen .   's accident .
tranmere kept up their national league play - off push with a comfortable victory over dover at the crabble athletic ground .
the mother of a briton accused of trying to shoot donald trump has said she fears he may have ` ` some impact '' on his life .
the speaker of the house of commons select committee , john bercow , is preparing for a final parliamentary debate .
a us appeals court has overturned the conviction of brendan dassey , who was convicted of murdering a woman in 2007 .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has hit out at the number of people he believes he is a war hero .
great britain women have named three uncapped players in their squad for this summer 's rio olympics .
glamorgan 's batsmen dominated the first day of their t20 blast match with kent at canterbury .
a woman has been found not guilty of sexually abusing a 15-year - old boy on facebook .
finance secretary john swinney has urged the scottish government to ` ` defend and protect '' the ` ` key priority '' of public spending .
donald trump has called for a ` ` complete shutdown '' of muslims entering the united states .
welsh boxer joe cordina says he will retire from boxing at the 2016 olympics in rio next season .
the mother of a toddler who died after collapsing during a night out was ` ` healthy and healthy '' , a court has heard .
the sale of four royal navy warships in the south of england is set to be delayed until next year .
in the wake of the discovery of the internet 's most popular programme , people have been talking about how to deal with online piracy .
the gap between men and women in the world is narrowing , according to research published in the lancet .
the underwater forest of a prehistoric forest has been discovered in the east coast of england , experts have said .
a 33-year - old man has been charged after a van was discharged in belfast city centre .
a scheme aimed at tackling domestic violence is to be launched in england and wales , the bbc has learned .
education secretary john swinney has said teacher numbers in scotland have fallen for the first time since 2010 .
north korea is one of the world 's most secretive countries , but it is also known as burma .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bus .
brazil 's interim president , michel temer , has vowed to create a government that will ` ` save the nation '' .
plans to create a ` ` smart motorway '' on the m4 in berkshire have been unveiled .
the us tv series lethal weapon is to be remade more than 30 years after it was released in 1987 .
turkey 's supreme court has ordered the trial of eight senior managers accused of involvement in a coal mine disaster .
the leader of northampton town football club has criticised the authority 's decision to hand # 10.25 m loan to northampton town .
truro city manager lee hodges says he is frustrated by his side 's relegation from league two .
bilkis bano , the most decorated woman in india 's anti - muslim riots in gujarat , has been giving up her case .
tributes have been paid to former england under-19 midfielder zoe tynan who died after being hit by a train .
ukip leader nigel farage has accused the conservatives of making ` ` false promises '' on immigration .
a vintage pram which made more than # 2,000 worth of biscuits has sold for # 6,000 at auction .
a memorial to the soldiers who died in world war two is to be created at the national memorial arboretum .
a crystal palace fan has been convicted of trying to punch his eagle at the fa cup quarter - final against arsenal .
police in australia are investigating the murder of a lawyer who was shot dead in an infamous criminal feud .
somalia 's president muhammadu farmajo has vowed to pardon those who ` ` misled '' al - shabab militants .
manager nigel clough says burton albion will be ` ` underdogs '' in their bid to avoid relegation from league one .
an archive of welsh poet edward thomas 's personal archive is ` ` inadequate '' , an archive director has said .
more than # 15 m is to be spent on projects in the north of england , the government has announced .
it 's one of the biggest challenges for welsh labour in the party 's election campaign - but it 's already already under scrutiny .
a video has been released showing how severe flooding in parts of the uk was caused by heavy rain .
graeme mcdowell 's return to the ryder cup this week has been a good thing for his country .
a new system that allows people to use virtual button on cars has been developed at the ces tech show in las vegas .
scientists have found a deadly form of bird tissue that can cause a deadly disease in the body of people .
ten air ambulance charities in england and wales are to be given extra money to help them save lives .
the bbc 's director of staff has accused the bbc of being ` ` utterly deplorable '' by ` ` interference and intimidation '' .
the ulster - scots language is one of the most important issues in northern ireland 's history .
liverpool moved up to fourth in the premier league with a comfortable victory over liverpool at anfield stadium .
a judge in minnesota has ordered an investigation into the death of pop star prince , who died last month .
india has condemned the death sentence of a former indian navy analyst who was convicted of spying for pakistan .
apple has forecast its first - quarter sales of iphones in the three months to the end of december .
three teenagers have been rescued after their boat capsized off the durris in dumfries and galloway .
more than # 4 m is to be spent to repair flood defences in north wales , the welsh government has said .
chester came from behind to beat dagenham and redbridge and move into the national league play - off places .
the ratings agency moody 's and the uk 's credit rating agency have been negative for the first time since the eu referendum .
former world champion stuart bingham has been named as the new zealand team for the 2015 bbc world cup .
savers are struggling to cope with low interest rates , according to a report from the city council .
edinburgh have announced that lock rory fife will leave the club at the end of the 2016 - 17 season .
a ` ` super - care vintage '' ferrari has been moved from its west london headquarters by a photographer .
the uk 's inflation rate is ` ` unlikely '' , bank of england chief economist andy haldane has warned .
young people in northern ireland are more satisfied with their lives than girls , according to a new study .
a man has been jailed for two years for robbery at a post office in glasgow in the early hours of last year .
radical islamist preacher anjem choudary has been jailed for 20 years for encouraging support for the so - called islamic state group .
an energy company has accused natural resources wales of ` ` unrealistic and unfairly misleading '' economic thinking of the swansea tidal lagoon project .
the bodies of two people killed in an explosion in new york on sunday have been recovered , officials say .
the inquiry into child sex abuse allegations against former leicestershire mp lord janner has been delayed until next year .
hong kong 's election campaign is under way in the city 's capital , kuala lumpur , on sunday .
a policewoman in nice has told the bbc she was ` ` harassed and harassed '' by french prime minister charles cazeneuve .
gillingham chairman peter taylor says he is ` ` desperate '' to stay in charge of the club .
a service has been held in london to mark the centenary of the gallipoli landings in world war one .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola says he is ` ` heartbroken '' after his side reached the champions league quarter - finals .
household waste has been left at recycling centres in surrey , the county 's environment body has said .
israel says it will vote on whether to allow new homes in the occupied west bank and east jerusalem .
passengers on the northern isles will be paid at least the minimum wage , the scottish government has announced .
a man who gave evidence of the murder of jean mcconville has been given the all - clear by police in northern ireland .
senior civil servants are being asked to help resolve a long - running dispute over public sector pensions .
the alcohol health alliance has urged the government to lower the drink - driving limit in england and wales .
hundreds of jobs are to be lost at tata 's steel plant in newport , unions have said .
a man 's body has been found by police searching for a missing man , police have said .
torquay united manager paul cox says he may need to be ` ` patient '' on a deal to sign forward paul cook .
cornish pirates have signed fly - half jonny pope and fly - half dan moyle from cornish pirates .
the government 's plans to introduce same - sex marriage in england and wales have been rejected by mps .
the indian state of karnataka has banned the number of wedding guests for the first time in 25 years .
more than # 500,000 has been seized in a police crackdown on drug dealers in belfast .
an insect repellent that mimics mosquitoes has been a key ingredient for the us , according to researchers .
a grade ii - listed world war two window in wales has been damaged by vandals .
liverpool are in talks to sign liverpool defender lenin moreno on a four - year deal for an undisclosed fee .
mae ' rheithgor fod yng nghaerdydd wedi cael eu rheithgor fod yn yng nghaerdydd .
a group of primary schools in northern ireland have agreed to call for support in a bid to cut education cuts .
two people have been re - arrested after a 15-year - old girl was seriously injured in a dog attack in kent .
marcus trescothick scored a double century as nottinghamshire dominated nottinghamshire on day two at trent bridge .
ghana 's government has apologised after it reprimanded for the respraying of the country 's passenger buses .
as the first british soldier to die in world war one , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme looks at the 100th anniversary of his death .
scotland head coach andrew strauss says the ` ` little extra edge '' of the national side 's six nations game against ireland will bring them to a high .
the head of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has been ousted from office in the north - east of the country .
two astronauts in space have been forced to do a spacewalk at the international space station in space .
league two side portsmouth have signed maastricht striker marnick verheydt for an undisclosed fee .
a scottish man has played bagpipes on the first mission to the international space station in space .
st johnstone moved to within a point of second place in the scottish premiership with victory at ibrox .
somalia 's former prime minister haider al - shabab al - abadi has been killed in a car crash in the capital , mogadishu .
an eight - year - old boy who died after being left in a car in australia died from heatstroke , an inquest has heard .
the former head of the cia , david petraeus , has described the so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group as a ` ` disaster '' .
russia 's main newspaper novaya gazeta has condemned a report that alleged gay people were being held in chechnya .
the metropolitan museum in new york is suing the city 's department of culture over its entrance policies .
a man has been seriously injured in a ` ` vicious '' attack at a post office in the borders .
former british number one heather watson will not be renewing coach heather watson 's contract until the end of the year .
when taylor swift was released on the spotify website last week , she was n't alive .
sixteen celebrities have been added to the line - up for this year 's strictly come dancing line - up .
sudan 's president omar al - bashir has appointed three senior cabinet ministers as part of a reshuffle .
manchester city midfielder samir nasri is ` ` overweight '' , according to manager pep guardiola .
blackburn rovers defender joel akpan has been banned for two games after admitting a football association charge of improper conduct .
six australian swimmers have admitted they took the drug ` ` stilnox '' during a training exercise in spain .
england 's luke donald will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the dean & deluca invitational in hawaii .
the bank of england -lrb- fls -rrb- has launched a scheme to encourage commercial banks to borrow money .
residents in a village in somerset have objected to plans for a new 3,000-home development .
the leader of south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- da -rrb- party has resigned .
scotrail is to shut a disused railway tunnel in glasgow for the first time in more than two years .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have carried out a series of attacks on the syrian town of kobane .
a cancer drug fund set up in wales will not be routinely available in wales , a senior health board has said .
leicester city striker jamie vardy has been named on the world xi for the second time in a row .
a boy who makes a trip to a supermarket where he is overweight has been found to be overweight .
former scotland assistant manager kenny macphee says he is ` ` disappointed '' that northern ireland failed to qualify for euro 2016 .
an nhs trust that runs five hospitals in kent and kent has been placed in special measures by inspectors .
staff at bristol zoo are being asked to check out how they will count the number of wildlife they need .
the owner of a coca - cola snack shop in leicester has been accused of being ` ` hypocrite '' .
police are appealing for information after a man threatened to leave his mobile phone when he dialled two taxi firms .
shimon peres , the founding father of israel 's first ` ` founding father '' , has died aged 87 .
egyptian judo star sasson has pulled out of the rio olympics after he failed to shake off his hand .
west brom striker saido berahino has been given a three - month suspension for drink - drive .
dundee boxer michael towell has died after suffering a head injury during his fight with the british fighter .
there is ` ` no threat '' to eu migrants , the welsh conservative leader of the welsh conservatives has said .
two disabled people have won a legal challenge against the government 's decision to roll out disability benefits .
an action plan aimed at reducing the number of people walking and cycling has been published by the welsh government .
the us space agency 's cassini mission to doctor who has made headlines about saturn 's moon .
major league soccer club orlando city have signed the world 's most decorated female player of the year .
hamilton academical came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and move into fourth place in the premiership .
belfast is the most popular tourist attraction in the world , but it 's already been a success for tourism .
former australian treasurer joe hockey has been appointed as the country 's ambassador to the united states , replacing him .
an american man has been awarded the legion d'honneur , the highest honour for the bravery of a passenger on a train .
a county tyrone woman who was shot in the head in the democratic republic of congo has appealed for forgiveness .
the nasdaq stock market has n't been affected by the recent glitch in singapore .
an extra # 170 m will be spent on water bills in wales over the next three months , the company has said .
former lib dem leader nick clegg has announced plans to cut free bus passes for young people in england and wales .
the bbc 's radio 1 producer , newsbeat , has been talking about madonna 's age .
four men have been arrested in the north east of england as part of an international counter terrorism investigation .
lloyds banking group has announced plans to close 500 branches across the uk by the end of the year .
thousands of people have taken part in an annual cheese - riding race in the blackmore vale of dean .
a stretch of road in jersey which collapsed during work to repair a major landslip has been reopened .
an artificial intelligence program is attempting to win a prize for artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- .
donald trump 's election as us president - elect has been a bittersweet moment for the united states .
national league play - off hopefuls dover athletic and dover will meet in the fa cup second round .
donald trump 's new chief of staff , anthony scaramucci , has been sacked by the trump administration .
england 's hopes of reaching the euro 2016 quarter - finals were ended by a humiliating defeat at wembley .
the parents of a teenage girl who died in a suspected electrocuted while she was in hospital have announced they are to retire .
two men have been arrested in dover on suspicion of terrorism offences , the metropolitan police said on friday .
a second man has been arrested in connection with the london bridge terror attack , which killed eight people .
cardiff city midfielder peter whittingham has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club .
a&e department in cardiff has cancelled all non - urgent operations because of a shortage of beds .
luxury fashion chain aquascutum is to be sold for # 15 m in hong kong , according to reports .
jonny evans scored twice as west brom came from behind to beat stoke and move into the relegation zone .
the eye of reindeer eyes has been exposed in the eye , according to a new study of wildlife .
a deal to buy two new nuclear power plants in the uk has been completed by a japanese company .
northern ireland 's attorney general , john larkin , is ` ` entitled to leave '' , the justice minister has said .
the number of people suffering from the world 's biggest tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- infection is ` ` relatively low '' than previously thought , a campaign group says .
two men have been charged with sexually abusing two pupils at a school in the 1980s , police have said .
scottish labour msp michelle macdonald has said she is ` ` pretty certain '' that a new assisted suicide bill will be introduced .
plans for a new multi - million pound leisure complex have been given the go - ahead .
the remains of an 80-year - old man who went missing in january have been found in the us .
two of blackpool 's seaside piers are being sold for # 12.6 m , according to the owners .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has lost its majority in the northern ireland assembly election .
france says it will remain ` ` by the side of the fight against islamist militants '' in mali .
the families of the victims of the omagh bombing have been told they must pay damages to two men who supplied mobile phones .
police have appealed for information after a woman was sexually assaulted at a park in kilmarnock .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died in a crash in manchester .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- has accused the country 's president jacob zuma of being a ` ` philanderer '' .
a world war one airfield in somerset has been given listed status for its ` ` outstanding contribution '' .
david cameron has paid tribute to his father , who died after being seriously ill during the election campaign .
doctors in kenya have staged a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay , doctors say .
stephen hawking has warned that there will be a ` ` disaster '' in the next few years .
tributes have been paid to joan collins after she was arrested during a protest at rising water charges .
a man has been taken to hospital after he was hit by a lorry at a swansea church .
a mobility scooter driver who was stopped by police on a motorway has been reunited with his driver .
nick kyrgios needs to ` ` work harder '' at his form , according to former wimbledon champion john mcenroe .
a man who raped a woman in cardiff city centre has lost an appeal against his sentence .s .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni says he will not block a controversial new law banning gay people .
changes to the way 11-year - olds pass the times tables will be introduced in 2018 - 19 , schools minister nick gibb has said .
a man from south yorkshire has found what he said was a ` ` rare '' potato crop .
batsman david miller made his maiden t20 blast century as glamorgan beat gloucestershire by seven wickets in cardiff .
ethiopia 's capital , addis ababa , is home to many of the world 's poorest countries .
a police force has apologised for making a obscene image of a woman at a beach event .
great britain 's men 's 4x100 m relay team lost to usain bolt in the final of the world championships in beijing .
plans to demolish london 's euston station have been rejected by the transport minister for london .
the founder of the german art dealer hildebert gurlitt , who has died at the age of 89 , has died aged 87 .
a lanarkshire steel company is to create 80 new jobs as part of a # 500 m investment .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- 's forecast for the next general election is a ` ` disaster '' for the economy .
doctors have carried out the first transplant of a six - year - old boy with a rare liver .
wakefield trinity have signed warrington wolves forward jordan tansey on loan until the end of the super league season .
china 's consumer prices fell for a second month in a row in september , according to official figures .
hull city have signed uruguay striker abel hernandez from uruguay 's palermo for an undisclosed fee , believed to be around # 8 m .
us actor chris rock has filed for divorce from his wife , who is due to take legal action .
at least seven people have been killed in heavy rain and heavy rain in south africa , officials say .
a council has said it will not stop using cladding on a sheffield tower block because it has failed fire tests .
the term ` ` binge - watching '' is the most popular word of the year .
harry potter star daniel radcliffe says he is ` ` one of the least educated people on shakespeare '' .
rangers manager mark warburton says he is ` ` frustrated '' by the referee 's decision to give his side a 1 - 0 win over rangers .
the world 's largest - selling mobile operating system is ` ` fundamentally breaking '' , according to a security expert .
the uk 's best - selling tv signals could be able to detect aircraft , according to new research .
donald trump 's election victory in the united states is a ` ` bittersweet moment '' .
flights were suspended at gatwick airport after a drone came within seconds of landing at stansted airport .
south africa 's competition watchdog has ordered regulators to investigate 17 major international banks over alleged currency manipulation .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has accused the welsh conservatives of being ` ` over sensitive '' .
portsmouth have signed full - back drew talbot on a two - year deal following his release by chesterfield .
the accident and emergency department at a north london hospital has ` ` turned a corner '' , the health watchdog has said .
britain 's chris froome remains in contention to win the criterium du dauphine after finishing second on stage two .
tour de france winner chris froome has apologised for a ` ` mystery package '' delivered to team sky .
world number one dustin johnson has withdrawn from the first tee of his career after suffering a ` ` freak accident '' on his first tee .
a new offshore wind farm is being built on the cromarty firth in the scottish borders .
the government is to make it easier for businesses to pay vat on goods and other goods goods .
the world rugby hall of fame has been opened to the public for the first time in its history .
two police officers who filmed themselves near the shoreham air crash have been sacked by the police watchdog .
a busker has been found guilty of two counts of fraud after he played a charity banner in liverpool .
a world war two gold medal found in a field in neath porthcawl has been uncovered .
worcestershire have named daryl mitchell as their new captain of the professional cricketers ' association -lrb- pca -rrb- .
paris st - germain midfielder lopes is in a critical condition in hospital after being injured in a firecracker during a match with lyon .
adele 's comeback single hello has topped the uk album chart for the first time in five years .
work has begun on a new # 14 m seafront pier in north - east england for the first time .
the funeral of a man who was killed in the paris attacks has been held in france , french media report .
croatia 's jewish community has said it will boycott a ceremony in the capital belgrade to mark the holocaust memorial day .
scotland 's attorney general frank mulholland has announced he is to step down from his position .
the operator of north lanarkshire council is facing calls to change its contract with the local authority .
scotland 's sheriff and justice system has been ` ` significantly improved '' , according to a report .
a woman has admitted attempting to murder three men who were found stabbed to death in woodland in cambridgeshire .
a man has spoken of his ` ` devastation '' after heavy rain flooded his cars and cars in fife .
the uk 's longest - serving light will not be silenced until the end of the year .
nottinghamshire all - rounder dan christian has signed a new three - year contract with the division two side .
two senior figures have been arrested in connection with an investigation into allegations of fraud at a liverpool council .
` ` i ' ve never heard of me , '' says david davis , the man who was in charge of gibraltar .
league two side colchester united have signed portsmouth midfielder charlie webster and portsmouth defender jake clarke .s on loan .
more than 7,000 doctors will be recruited in england by 2020 , the government has announced .
forensic experts in mexico have begun exhuming the bodies of 30,000 missing people in the northern state of morelos .
lancashire 's adam greens took 4 - 0 to help his side beat nottinghamshire by seven wickets at scarborough .
bbc sport presenter nalbandian is looking forward to a new career in sport after he was disqualified from the european championships .
oscar - nominated actress emma stone has won the best actress award at the toronto international film festival .
one of britain 's best known journalists , harry chapman pincher , has died at the age of 89 .
former partridge family singer richard iii is suing universal music for ` ` totalling '' royalties .
police investigating the murder of a man in county antrim have said they have made a number of arrests .
dan holman 's hat - trick helped cheltenham to victory over relegation - threatened woking .
india 's anti - corruption agency -lrb- aademi -rrb- has returned its awards to the country 's main literary council .
the founder of the online silk road website has been arrested in the united states in connection with the collapse of the website .
oldham 's league one play - off hopes were dealt a major blow as they beat peterborough united .
a water rescue charity in londonderry is to receive # 31,000 in funding from the department of transport .
when mark foster was attacked by a fan in the middle of the morning , he felt the worst player ever .
an investigation into illegal schools in england is under way after inspectors found evidence of children being taught in illegal accommodation .
the new chief constable of hampshire police has been chosen by the county 's police and crime panel .
catalans dragons came from behind to beat hull fc and reach the challenge cup quarter - finals .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was threatened with a knife during an armed robbery in edinburgh .
google has launched a new service to monitor the impact of advertisers and share information on devices .
oxford united will make two changes for sunday 's fa cup fourth - round tie against newcastle united .
juventus defender fiorentina has signed a new three - year contract with the premier league champions .
the owner of a bookshop has raised more than # 5,000 in a bid to save it from collapse .
former manchester united midfielder nani says he is ` ` very confident '' his side will finish top of la liga .
leaving the european union would be bad for the people of the uk , according to the uk 's trade minister .
plans for a new visitor centre at the national park of lincoln have been unveiled by the arts council .
a terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the right to die in england and wales .
a powerful 7.2-magnitude earthquake has struck the south pacific island of vanuatu .
at least 13 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a railway station in the syrian city of damascus , the syrian air force says .
a dog has been left ` ` badly injured '' after being dumped on a road in kent .
a cardiff - based call centre has announced it is to create 300 new jobs in the city .
a lebanese judge has ordered the release of five australian children who were abducted in an australian - style custody operation .
it 's one of the most divisive issues in labour 's history - and it 's a problem .
researchers have published an online database of ` ` urban life '' for the first time in 10 years .
a man has been charged with murder after the death of a man in south - east london .
the bbc 's disability programme , which aims to improve access for people with disabilities , is getting a special programme .
` ` it 's a good thing , '' said the chief executive of a fast - growing snack processing business .
the uk 's foreign secretary has said the uk will take military action in syria without consulting parliament .
chelsea ladies moved into the champions league quarter - finals with a hard - fought victory over glasgow city .
a new swimming pool in bridgefoot has been officially opened at the national swimming championships in dumfries .
australia 's highest court has ruled that australians illegally downloading the hollywood movie dallas buyers club will not be affected .
sprinter sacre , one of the world 's most expensive racehorses , has died aged 61 .
the prison officers ' association -lrb- poa -rrb- has agreed a new pay deal with the government .
researchers at cardiff university have launched a new study to test the effects of e - cigarettes .
the uk 's exit from the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- is a major source of speculation .
supermarket chain sainsbury 's has reported a drop in full - year profits for the first time this year .
the number of suspects being investigated for child sex offences -lrb- cse -rrb- in west yorkshire has more than doubled in 2016 .
an appeal fund set up to help restore glasgow school of art -lrb- gsa -rrb- has raised more than # 6 m .
the co - operative group has reported a ` ` significant improvement '' in its food and funeral business .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has ordered the burial of the body of the head of the country 's former president , ferdinand marcos .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car in north yorkshire .
a man has been charged with manslaughter following the death of a man at a dorset nature reserve .
anna christian will compete in two separate road races at the uec european road championships in east sussex .
the failure of police tactics in dealing with disorder in england and wales was ` ` unacceptable '' , mps have said .
microsoft has revealed details of the latest version of the scorpio box on its xbox one console .
women in australia are more likely to get a pay rise than men , according to a new study .
the uk government is to press ahead with a new devolution bill , the queen has said .
the national basketball league -lrb- nba -rrb- is to launch an e - sports division .
a ` ` cold , calculated and ruthless '' paedophile has been jailed for six years for raping and abusing young girls .
barnsley have signed striker kayden jackson from wrexham for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
the taliban have seized control of sangin district in the north - west of the afghan province of helmand .
parts of scotland have been left without power after heavy rain and high winds brought down trees and businesses .
the un 's decision to name wonder woman as its next envoy to the united nations has been cancelled .
three mobile phone provider three has apologised for a ` ` catastrophic '' breach on its network .
a 23-year - old man has been charged with causing the collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the m25 .
more than 1,000 hens in north wales are in need of new home , a charity has said .
the nhs in england is to stop using gay and bisexual patients as part of a plan to stop the treatment of gay people .
a burst water main flooded a busy road in south - east london , causing the closure of several businesses .
substitute danny fox 's second - half strike earned plymouth a 2 - 1 victory over mansfield .
an ` ` improved '' flood defence system is ` ` better prepared '' for flooding , a report has said .
great britain 's men 's rugby team have qualified for the 2016 rio olympics with victory over argentina .
a man accused of murdering his ex - girlfriend had a knife in her hand , a court has heard .
a charity which aims to encourage people to care for wildlife and the environment of scotland has launched a # 2 m fundraising drive .
uzbekistan 's president islam karimov , who has died at the age of 82 , has been a powerful figure in the country .
a woman and her husband have appeared in court accused of illegally immigration offences after their van was stopped in france .
saudi arabia 's government is using ` ` counter - terrorism '' to carry out atrocities carried out by suspected al - qaeda militants , amnesty international says .
a new paramilitary group has said it carried out the murder of prison officer david black in northern ireland .
a couple who were refused entry to the uk will be forced to leave the country , the home office has said .
northern ireland 's department of economic development -lrb- dup -rrb- has been told to use the name of derry or londonderry in official letters .
british astronaut tim peake and tim peake have created a virtual reality video game on the international space station .
the russian space agency says it has lost contact with the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
a woman in vietnam 's southern province of hanoi has handed over an envelope to the doctor and nurse who gave her son the money .
the father of a firework shop destroyed in a suspected arson attack has said he is ` ` devastated '' .
st helens came from behind to beat castleford tigers and move into the super league play - off places .
scotland 's mountain bothies association -lrb- mba -rrb- has asked people to help them clean litter .
a conservative mp has apologised for ` ` incorrectly '' posting a facebook post on his facebook page .
a pakistani schoolgirl has been shot in the head by gunmen in the north - western province of peshawar .
a lorry has crashed into a house and landed on the roof of a house , killing a man and injuring several others .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on friday after the latest jobs report from the us federal reserve .
scotland head coach vern cotter says his side 's run - out game against france showed ` ` a lot of experience '' .
a memorial stone has been unveiled in jersey to commemorate the centenary of the battle of the somme in world war one .
the mother of a nigerian schoolgirl who was abducted in the north - eastern town of chibok has told the bbc she was alive .
south korea 's biggest carmaker , hyundai motor america , has offered to pay for its employees who have lost their jobs .
` ` i ' m still waiting for money back to her shop , '' says jk sen .
a man with a rare heart condition has been rescued from his home after being ` ` flipped over the edge '' .
a group of mps have written to prime minister david cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target .
a 15-year - old boy has been charged after a man was seriously injured in an aberdeen street .
us president donald trump is to meet donald trump in a ` ` very frank '' meeting with the new president .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- , peter cowen , has apologised for comments he made during an interview on sunday night .
the family of a soldier who died at an army base in surrey 20 years ago have called for an independent inquiry into his death .
bbc radio 1 dj james is to receive an honorary degree from the university of norwich -lrb- uea -rrb- .
an historic bowling pavilion in a hampshire town is to be opened to the public for the first time .
a fire engine has failed to reach the target of a blaze in which two people died in a fire .
former england and liverpool striker jeff st john has spoken out about the dangers of heading footballs in his career .
bradford city 's league one play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by oldham .
an inquiry into the welsh language broadcaster s4c 's budget will not be completed until the end of 2017 .
an x factor judge has performed a ` ` wedding crasher '' at his wedding in oxford .
a former rwandan government official has been extradited to canada for incendiary speeches during the genocide .
a us - based journalist has appeared in court in iran accused of espionage and sentenced him to death .
england 's paul casey will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the us open at erin hills .
sale sharks director of rugby gary cotton says the club 's ` ` infrastructure is still well away '' .
a belfast woman has been given the chance of surviving cervical cancer in a pioneering trial in northern ireland .
the director of the edinburgh international film festival -lrb- eiff -rrb- is to make his first feature at this year 's edinburgh festival .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a five - year - old boy who died in a car crash .
the number of women in the uk who have been classed as male and female employment has risen for the first time .
blackpool 's league two play - off hopes were dealt a blow as they drew with colchester at bloomfield road .
the japanese society of japan has hosted its first meeting of the year at belfast 's odunfa house .
an international team of archaeologists has created 3d versions of ancient artefacts from the ruins of the mosul museum .
the family of a student who died in a crash have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful daughter '' .
the uk 's solar energy industry is facing a ` ` significant '' level of green subsidies , the government has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers why nigeria 's islamist militant group boko haram carried out the attack on the mosque of the prophet muhammad .
former blackburn rovers captain darren dunn has signed a one - year contract extension with the league one club .
the number of people with mental health problems at a&e units in england is at its highest level since 2010 , figures show .
the us has criticised israel 's decision to build a new settlement on occupied land in the occupied west bank .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in barclays fell sharply in the first three months of the year after the bank accused the us of misleading investors .
two people have appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a toddler who was found seriously injured in kent .
a man has died in a fire at his home in kilmarnock , police have said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the london market closed lower , with shares in two of the world 's biggest energy firms .
trinity have signed full - back tyler thomas from newcastle united on loan until the end of the season .
myanmar 's military has accused the military of crimes against humanity against the rohingya community in the north - eastern state of rakhine state .
two men have been convicted of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a pub in greater manchester .
northern ireland 's political crisis has been the biggest political crisis in the country 's political history .
us president barack obama has apologised to the medical charity medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- for the bombing of a hospital in afghanistan .
leinster moved to within three points of pro12 leaders connacht with a hard - fought victory over connacht in galway .
a protest has been held against plans to build a tunnel in stonehenge , leading to a public consultation .
the final episode of broadchurch will take place in the final series of itv 's broadchurch .
barcelona moved to within a point of second - placed atletico madrid with a comfortable victory over la liga leaders barcelona .
wrexham have signed newport county striker tyler harvey on a two - year contract after he turned down a new contract .
toyota is to invest # 2.5 m in its uk car manufacturing plant , following the brexit vote .
as hungary prepares to go to the polls on thursday , the bbc 's hungary correspondent aleksandaff looks at how the country is performing .
a man has been taken to hospital after an explosion on a fishing boat off the south west coast of argyll .
the department of education -lrb- del -rrb- has said it will save # 7.5 m over the next year .
musidridge , ridden by frankie dettori , won the dante stakes at epsom on thursday .
sunderland midfielder kevin kirchhoff will be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
ten of england 's most well - known buildings have been put in special measures by a leading charity .
a us soldier accused of having post - traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- may have had his symptoms changed , his lawyer says .
a man has been arrested in connection with an assault on a man at a nightclub in greater manchester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street attack .
romelu lukaku scored twice as belgium came from behind to beat norway in a world cup qualifier .
boris johnson is one of the uk 's best - known political figures in the run - up to the eu referendum .
former news of the world editor andy coulson and ex - news of the sun editor paula brooks are to stand trial on charges of phone - hacking .
a man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in surrey , police said .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in spain has fallen to its lowest level since april 2014 , official figures show .
northern ireland 's health minister has announced an extra # 500,000 will be spent on dealing with autism .
work to build a new 50 m swimming pool in derby will cost # 20 m a year , the city council has said .
hearts have signed norwegian striker bjorn johnsen on a two - year contract after his release by dutch club den haag .
a new vaccine for the zika virus is being offered to pregnant women , according to the us news agency tulip .
three men convicted of sexually abusing three young women in rotherham have been described as ` ` dirty and ashamed '' .
the brother of a man killed in a fire at glenfada park museum in londonderry has said the building has been damaged .
israel 's police and crime commissioner has been sworn in as the new chief of the arab community .
a court in egypt has suspended the creation of a new constitution which will decide the rights of women and women .
holyrood 's finance committee has called for ` ` significant work '' to ensure public confidence in the scottish budget .
five uk service personnel have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern afghanistan , the ministry of defence has said .
european commentators have been reacting to the uk 's vote to leave the european union , with many expressing concern about the eu referendum .
a man is in a serious condition in hospital after he was attacked by a man at a london tube station .
former juventus boss antonio conte has been appointed as the new head coach of italian football for a second time .
tributes have been paid to a footballer who died after being found dead in a hotel room in douglas .
four people have been arrested in the uk as part of an investigation into the use of live webcams .
ghana 's former president - elect nana akufo - addo has won a third term in office in a new government .
the number of dementia patients in the uk has fallen in the past two decades , according to research .
an exhibition of ` ` extremely rare '' and ` ` bizarre '' photographs of rock against racism has opened in east london .
when former england striker michael dwyer was born in the premier league , he decided to move to the united states .
the cost of tickets for a west end musical is ` ` extremely reasonable '' , according to composer lord lloyd webber .
essex all - rounder stephen harmer says he will not take four five wickets in two games this season .
france 's president pierre - cerrah has been killed in a mass shooting in paris in france .
care services in england and wales are ` ` unable to cope '' , the law commission has said .
the number of district nurses in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , the royal college of nursing has said .
work to restore a victorian cemetery in wrexham will start next year , the council has said .s .
sleep disorders may increase the risk of diabetes and type-2 diabetes , according to researchers in japan .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited canada for their first official tour of the country , the prince of wales has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a member of staff at a bank in birmingham .
the cost of cancer drugs in england has risen by more than 100 % in 2016 , according to a study .
warwickshire have signed birmingham bears all - rounder tom thornton for the first time since the end of the season .
flights between nigeria and the us are to be cancelled because of a shortage of foreign currency , officials say .
some staff at coral 's high - speed fixed odds betting machines are being offered refreshments on their machines .
a man who had a knuckle duster and 10 knuckle dusters found in an edinburgh airport suitcase has been ordered to return home .
swansea city are looking like the best team in the uk , according to former manager angel rangel .
huddersfield town could be without injured defenders joey van den berg -lrb- ankle -rrb- .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
cardiff city striker lee pilkington says the club are capable of winning the championship play - offs .
more than 80 % of social landlords have called for the right to buy for new tenants in scotland .
there is a group of republican presidential hopefuls in the us state of iowa , where they will vote in november .
internet booking - com is suing the us government for $ 57 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 57 m -rrb- in tax evasion .
the founder of the ashley madison website has been hacked by a remotely attacker , the bbc has learned .
australia 's parliament has backed a motion calling for us president donald trump to be ` ` revolting slug '' .
the actor who played darth vader in the new star wars film has said he will be ` ` humbled '' when he plays darth vader .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and film producer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the technology world 's most popular tv programme .
david cameron 's plans to end in - work benefits for the first four years have been criticised by a conservative mp .
scientists in china have developed a new gene editing system that can cut out tumours in mice .
the future of the ghostbusters franchise is set to be decided by sony pictures , according to reports .
four chinese soldiers have been killed in a collision with a car in south - eastern china .
egypt 's president abdul fattah al - sisi has been sworn in for a fourth term in office .
strictly come dancing host claudia winkleman has announced she is to leave the bbc 's documentary programme .
two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was attacked at a park in glasgow last year .
councils in yorkshire should be given the power to make their own ` ` white rose parliament '' , shadow chancellor david blunkett has said .
a canadian man who was struck by lightning during his wedding says he was ` ` lucky to be alive '' .
scotland 's anna bankier won her second scottish national championship with victory over scotland 's gleneagles in glasgow .
the future of oxford 's private sector needs to be ` ` foolish '' not to help the local economy , a leading business figure has said .
a man in brazil has been jailed for the murder of a rancher in the amazon rainforest in 1992 .
mae ' r goron eleni wedi cael eisteddfod genedlaethol yng nghymru wedi cael ei gadair ynys [ UNK ] ynys [ UNK ] .
chinese migrant workers have staged a protest in hong kong against the government 's demand for domestic workers .
a series of events to mark the centenary of the easter rising are to be held in the republic of ireland .
intel has reported a sharp fall in profits for the third quarter of the year , compared with the same period last year .
scottish football association chairman mark mcclair is looking at ways to revive the programme 's performance schools .
celtic have been fined # 10,000 by uefa for crowd disturbances during their europa league match against dinamo zagreb .
saracens and england lock george kruis has been named in the autumn test squad for the autumn series .
wigan warriors have re - signed half - back sam tomkins on a three - year deal .
a seven - year - old girl who drowned while swimming in a hotel swimming pool died from drowning , an inquest has heard .
the republican candidate for the us presidency , mitt romney , is seeking to become the next president .
police in italy say they have arrested a man suspected of shooting a woman at a beach in the north of the country .
the number of people killed by dengue fever in burkina faso has risen to 17 , officials say .
yorkshire have appointed former all - rounder james taylor as their new director of cricket for the first time .
a new chief executive has been chosen to take over the running of an office for residential services in wales .
the family of a british woman who died from multiple stab wounds to her neck have called for an inquiry into her death .
bangladesh 's electricity grid has been restored to all parts of the country after a major power cut .
a plan to devolve railway policing powers to scotland has been passed by the scottish government , bbc scotland has learned .
no charges will be taken against a man who indecently assaulted a police officer at an aberdeen naval base .
yum brands , the owner of pizza hut and pizza hut , has reported a sharp rise in sales in china .
mexico 's interior minister luis galindo has been sacked by the country 's security commissioner .
a tram test in manchester city centre has taken place in the city centre , with the opening of a new tram stop .
grimsby town have signed midfielder ryan straker on a one - year contract after he left national league club york city .
a new exhibit has opened at the tate modern in new york , the first to be unveiled in the us .
the boss of belfast 's titanic belfast visitor centre has called for improvement in the city 's hospitality industry .
us officials say they have struck a ` ` significant blow '' to the drug - smuggling ring that smuggled drugs across mexico .
the uk could lose its credit rating after brexit , according to a report from ratings agency moody 's .
chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder jorge paulo from fiorentina for a club - record fee .
a mobile game could be used to help diagnose dementia , according to researchers in the us .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower , with shares in dixons carphone and wh smith leading the way .
the number of child sex abuse victims in england is at least 16,000 , according to a new report .
twitter users in indonesia have been using social media to highlight the impact of the attacks on the city of jakarta .
the owner of a pony which was badly injured in a ` ` brutal and brutal '' attack in kent has appealed for information .
northern ireland 's health minister has said the health service needs to do more to improve the quality of services .
the us has carried out its first air strikes on islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
when david barrett was a member of the british empire when he took his dogs off the streets of beirut last month , he was n't afraid of the war .
actor michael blessed has described how he rescued a woman in a park in west london as ` ` natural '' .
when the first gulf war came to an end in 2003 , the united states and iraq fought in 2003 .
the police watchdog has referred to the independent police watchdog over its response to the disappearance of a woman .
the education system in wales will be a major contributor to the future of the country 's education system .
the us space agency 's juno probe has returned its first view of jupiter 's north pole .
a 19-year - old man has been charged with murder after a woman was killed in a hit - and - run crash in staffordshire .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team - mate lewis hamilton to pole position at the abu dhabi grand prix .
the leader of the social democratic and labour party -lrb- sdlp -rrb- , seamus eastwood , has said he will vote in his party 's leadership contest .
actress michelle dockery is to star in a new production of les liaisons dangereuses , the royal court has announced .
the mother of a man who killed a man in san francisco last year will be released on bail , according to reports .
the father of the son of venezuelan president [ UNK ] maduro has called on the country 's president , [ UNK ] maduro .
james faulkner hit a century as sri lanka beat australia by seven wickets in the one - day international in colombo .
john lewis has announced a major refurbishment of its edinburgh branch , which has seen the refurbishment of the city centre .
natwest and royal bank of england have warned business customers of ` ` negative consequences '' if they cut interest rates .
an investigation is under way after a woman with a potentially life - changing problem was issued with a parking charge notice .
jack marriott scored twice as peterborough united came from behind to beat rotherham 2 - 1 in league one .
lancashire will begin the defence of their county championship title in the first round of the 2016 - 17 season .
the death of children 's author helen bailey may have been ` ` accidental '' , a pathologist has said .
a man has been charged with the murder of a bulgarian woman who has been missing for two weeks .
scottish actress karen gillan has joined the cast of the jumanji franchise in the new series .
donald trump 's campaign to become the next us presidential candidate in the run - up to the general election has been a source of controversy .
google is to invest # 1bn in its new headquarters in the uk , according to a senior executive .
the eu 's top brexit negotiator says there will be no ` ` serious and difficult '' talks with the uk .
liverpool came from behind to beat borussia dortmund and reach the europa league quarter - finals .
jack frear and jack frear both scored as forest green rovers beat halifax town in league two .
fidel castro , the revolutionary armed forces of cuba , became the first country in the world to be held in 1979 .
the father of a 14-year - old girl detained in iran says he is ` ` overwhelmed '' by the public outcry .
a man accused of outraging public decency has told a court he ` ` felt sorry '' when he was ` ` too old '' .
jamie roberts says he was ` ` gutted '' by the british and irish lions ' autumn tour of new zealand .
police in germany say they have arrested anis amri , the man suspected of masterminding the attack on a berlin lorry driver .
a man has been charged with firearms offences after a man was arrested in edinburgh on suspicion of firearms offences .
a couple who got married on skis have said they are ` ` no - brainer '' .
northern ireland 's poultry industry is on the brink of extinction , according to the latest report by the environment minister .
stoke city have signed former fulham striker steve sidwell from craven cottage for a fee believed to be about # 1 m .
the closure of a science and sciences facility in bristol has been lifted , the fire service has said .
the editor - in - chief of turkey 's main opposition newspaper , cumhuriyet , has been arrested on monday , state media report .
the price of oil has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- .
italian police have arrested four teenagers accused of being a ` ` baby gang '' who used ` ` brutal violence '' against young people in milan .
the family of a terminally ill man who died at switzerland 's first clinic have paid tribute to him .
the us university of harvard is considering changing its official seal after a row over race and identity in a dispute .
the debate over whether yorkshire should become independent has been a good case for the country 's independence .
two of wales ' most famous birds have arrived in caernarfon for the first time .
nico rosberg headed team - mate lewis hamilton in first practice at the abu dhabi grand prix as a result of a fault .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
organisers of the tour de france have defended the decision to hung a giant bunting from a cambridge town .
the parents of anni dewani , who was shot dead in south africa last year , have told the bbc they will not face prosecution .
the crew of a danish cargo ship seized in iran last week have been released , the us says .
maintenance work on the hs2 high - speed rail line in england and wales will mean ` ` tens of thousands of pounds '' of disruption , a campaign group says .
a new study has shown that dna is a key role in the development of genetic activity in africa .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have become the first pair to be born to the french royal family .
wilfried bony scored twice as ivory coast beat algeria 2 - 0 to reach the africa cup of nations quarter - finals .
astronaut tim peake has become the first member of the international space station to perform a parachute in kazakhstan .
a new target for school pupils in wales has been set by education minister huw lewis , the education minister has said .
the deadline day transfer window is set to close until the end of the january transfer window , bbc sport has learned .
it 's one of the biggest crowdfunded games in the history of the star citizen video game .
doctor who star mark tennant is to make a return to the bbc 's new doctor who special .
us president donald trump has said he believes there are ` ` tapes '' of his conversations with ex - fbi chief james comey .
scottish brewer brewdog has announced plans to expand its beer business in the us , following a successful crowdfunding round .
residents of a village in oxfordshire have complained about fibre broadband fibre - optic broadband fibre fibres .
derby county boss nigel pearson says he would like to push winger jacob butterfield back to action in the january transfer window .
three men have been convicted of blowing up cash machines in aberdeen and stealing more than # 130,000 .
a newport - based turkey processing company has been jailed for two years for selling illegal turkeys .
two scottish conservative msps have pledged support for the uk remaining in the european union and the eu .
glasgow - based jewellery and accessories brand taco has announced plans to expand its business in scotland .
more than 500,000 students have applied for places through the a - level system in northern ireland .
mullah akhtar mansour , the leader of the taliban , has been killed by a us drone .
the number of new cars sold in scotland last month has risen to a record high , according to new figures .
steven naismith says he is looking forward to a return to the premier league after his departure from norwich city .
grimsby moved to within two points of the national league play - off places with victory over aldershot .
the families of two prisoners who killed themselves at a prison in england and wales have lost a judicial review .
ross wallace scored the only goal of the game as sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat huddersfield town .
welsh runner elinor davies has become the first woman to win the london marathon in seven years . .
dylan thomas has been named the longlist for this year 's dylan thomas prize for the first time .
the governor of mexico 's eastern state of veracruz is to sue the country 's attorney general .
the families of three reservists who died on sas selection marches have said they are ` ` extremely disappointed '' they will not accept the ministry of defence 's decision to remove the immunity from prosecution .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in the law to allow victims of so - called ` ` revenge porn '' .
shrewsbury town midfielder connor ogogo has signed a new one - year contract with the league one club .
two care workers who admitted causing the death of an elderly woman at a birmingham nursing home have been ordered to pay extra costs .
fifa has banned england and scotland players from wearing poppies on armbands during world cup qualifying .
cornish pirates have re - signed fly - half rhys williams on a two - year contract .
the risk of narcolepsy in children who developed the pandemrix virus could be linked to the disease , experts have warned .
a man has admitted attempting to murder a man who was attacked with a baseball bat in his home .
the yorkshire dales is home to some of the country 's best - known sheep farms .
it 's one of the most famous sporting events in the world - the world 's most iconic boxer .
mauritius 's prime minister baburam jugnauth has resigned , saying he is quitting the post .
an indian soldier has died after an avalanche on the siachen glacier in indian - administered kashmir .
a woman who was paralysed from the waist down and left paralysed after a fall in a 4,000-mile -lrb- 2,000 miles -rrb- is preparing for the london marathon .
human remains found on a motorway in shropshire have been identified as a man , police have said , .
the cavern club in liverpool is celebrating the 50th anniversary of the beatles ' first appearance in the 1960s .
the prime minister has said the government is ` ` on hold '' to deal with the legacy of the troubles .
it 's one of the biggest droughts in the uk - and it 's not the bad weather .
the sister of joan of the ` ` prince '' of sealand , a former resident of suffolk , has died .
former cabinet minister chris huhne should not have been given a parliamentary pass , according to the press association .
a man and his dog have escaped a house fire in aberdeenshire after a house was badly damaged .
former snp leader alex salmond has said the party 's stance on sterling is the right currency for scotland .
birmingham city boss sean morrison says his side are ` ` not open to their teeth '' after their relegation to the championship .
president donald trump 's claim that he has been threatened with impeachment was a ` ` disgrace '' .
maxime biamou scored twice as sutton came from behind to beat gateshead in the national league .
the european union has failed to secure a landmark landmark landmark trade deal with canada , after belgium rejected the agreement .
the family of a man who died when he was hit by a car on the m1 have called for the driver to be taken away .
worcestershire youngster joe tongue hit an unbeaten century as his side dominated glamorgan on day two at new road .
trade unions and unions have called on the tuc to take industrial action against planned cuts to public services .
the fossilised skeleton of a new species of reptile has been discovered in spain , scientists say .
a man and a woman have been found dead at a house in paisley , police have said . .
a group of muslim leaders from around the world have visited holocaust - birkenau in poland for the first time .
glamorgan chief executive jacques rudolph says the team are ready to stand up for friday 's county championship match against leicestershire .
an italian doctor who intervened in the case of a pregnant woman who died from miscarriage has denied she was involved in the miscarriage .
fleetwood mac will headline this year 's isle of wight festival , the organiser has confirmed on friday .
police in denmark are searching for a swedish journalist who died in a submarine accident off the coast of copenhagen .
french president francois hollande has been named as the new head of the country 's government , replacing former prime minister francois hollande .
us president barack obama has said he and china will use cyber - attacks to target cybercriminals .
mae gogledd cymru wedi cael eu cyhoeddi cael eu cyhoeddus yn cael eu cyhoeddiadau ar gwleidyddiadau yn yn yn yng nghymru .
glamorgan chief executive hugh morris says the county need to recruit more fast bowlers to help them cope with their struggles .
france 's centre - right presidential candidate has said he is ` ` absolutely convinced '' that he wants to reform the country 's economy .
two mountain rescuers have been airlifted to the summit of snowdonia 's highest mountain .
england captain alastair cook made his maiden test century as pakistan dominated the first day of the second test .
east sussex 's fire and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has asked the county council to work together with the fire service .
women 's super league one champions chelsea ladies were held to a draw by yeovil town ladies .
accrington stanley have signed defender joe dugdale and defender aaron cole on two - year contracts . .
the bishop of hull has become the first woman bishop in the church of england to be consecrated in a ceremony .
britain 's sarah graddon has retired from diving after failing to qualify for the 2016 olympics .
two people have been arrested after a gun was fired at a house in wrexham , police have said .
images of the aurora borealis , or the milky way , have been shortlisted for this year 's international space photography competition .
mae ' r e - byst newyddied yn caerdyst newydd yn yn cael eu bod yn yn yr etholiadau yng nghymru .
it 's one of australia 's most endangered species , two species have been given the go - ahead .
bafta - nominated actor bill jones has been presented with a lifetime achievement award at a ceremony in cardiff .
the bbc africa cup of nations kicks off on sunday with the nominations for the 2017 bbc african football awards .
football association chairman greg dyke has announced he will stand for a third time this summer , saying he is ` ` not the best person to pick up the pieces '' .
five afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack in eastern afghanistan , the us - led alliance says .
scientists are attempting to map how the brains of babies grow in the womb before they are born . .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has signed a contract to build the uk 's first new solar mission .
nurseries and nurseries in england will struggle to deliver 30 hours of free childcare , according to a report .
chris and gabby adcock have become the first british players to reach the olympic mixed doubles final in india .
the 2016 paralympics is a huge achievement for disabled and disabled people in the hope of competing at rio 2016 .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in asia fell sharply on monday as the price of copper fell to its lowest level since 2011 .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a four - year - old girl in a glasgow street .
a court in nigeria has ordered the death penalty for four men who were convicted of homosexual offences in the northern state of bauchi .
league one side wigan athletic have signed defender alex macdonald from championship side bournemouth on a season - long loan deal .
england manager eddie howe says he is ` ` absolutely committed '' to afc bournemouth , despite speculation linking him with the national team .
community energy schemes in wales are being hit by a rise in business rates , bbc wales has learned .
the north east of england is in the midst of a meeting with the prime minister and the conservative party 's leader .
formula 1 's bosses have announced that the new era of formula 1 is coming to an end .
the mother of a seven - year - old boy who was left in a disposable barbecue after he was left lying on the beach has said she feels ` ` helpless '' .
a project to preserve the ` ` vast '' history of glasgow 's high - rise flats has been launched .
a 21-year - old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men in belfast .
home secretary theresa may has been urged to consider banning two prominent anti - islamists from entering the uk .
worcestershire 's slim hopes of avoiding relegation from division two were dented by kent 's collapse .
a man has been arrested after a man was killed in a crash on the a34 in hampshire .
singer phil collins has donated his collection of memorabilia from the alamo battle in texas to a new home .
universities in england are to be asked to set out more deals for their head , universities minister jo johnson has said .
a national cyber security conference will be held in gwynedd later this month to encourage people to take care .
the un 's human rights chief has criticised the shooting of civilians in the turkish city of cizre .
a florida man accused of practising alternative medicine has said he is ` ` deeply saddened and saddened '' by his arrest .
alastair cook is one of the most divisive figures in england 's history , but it is not too good for him .
the owners of the bernard matthews turkey business have agreed to continue their pension arrangements , the unite union has said .
` ` my life is not a priority , '' says india 's kewlani , who has been in the midst of a beauty contest .
the closure of police control centres in aberdeen and glenrothes has been delayed until the end of the year .
mae ' r undeb ewropeaidd wedi cyffredinol wedi dweud wrth iddyn nhw yn nhw ' n nhw ' n cael eu gwleidyddion yn cael eu bod .
a large - scale search is under way for a snake that has escaped from a home in florida .
the uk 's economy is likely to grow by the end of 2018 , according to a leading think tank .
championship side nottingham forest have signed cardiff city striker federico macheda on loan until the end of the season .
one of northern ireland 's biggest engineering companies , caterpillar , is to announce job cuts .
plans to redevelop an allotment in surrey have been branded ` ` inadequate '' by campaigners .
cardiff city head coach sean morrison says his side must improve on the back four of their championship matches .
the sale of laxatives in the uk is ` ` not a priority '' , according to the charity beat .
joe clarke made his first championship century of the season as worcestershire beat kent by seven wickets in derby .
the age of 65 is a huge problem for people in hong kong , but how do you work ?
somerset captain chris rogers says his side are capable of winning the county championship after they lost to middlesex .
a former ulster footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than # 600,000 from a construction firm .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 19-year - old was seriously injured in a fight in brighton .
amateur connor gregory says he has a good idea of his golfing skills as he prepares for the masters this week .
the number of transgender young people who identify as transgender has fallen to its lowest level since the introduction of hate crime , according to a charity .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower on friday , with shares in ocado leading the way .
the result of the uk 's vote to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has been widely hailed as an ` ` extremely disappointing '' result .
a gas company has been fined # 1,000 for breaching health and safety laws after breaching safety laws .
the afghan taliban have captured sangin district in the north - eastern province of helmand province .
the national trust -lrb- nt -rrb- has said it will restore the grade i - listed house at clandon park .
motorcyclist douglas carswell has died in a collision with a car in oxfordshire . ''
a man who targeted his ex - girlfriend with a string of sex attacks has been jailed .
pee , wee , wee and wee , could be used to generate electricity in millions of people across the world .
a prison officer has been attacked with an ` ` almost three metre deep '' in her ear .
accrington stanley came from behind to beat preston north end and reach the efl cup quarter - finals .
the head of the us federal reserve has said the economy is ` ` close '' to raising interest rates this year .
wolfsburg striker peter bendtner has been fined # 1,000 for posting a picture of himself in his car .
dinamo bucharest will be presented with the honour of patrick ekeng , who died after collapsing during the champions league final .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have taken part in the first day of the royal family 's tour of germany .
a teenager has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in county durham .
virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- can be used to help people with autism .
caterpillars have been found dead in a tree in lancashire , a wildlife charity has said .
troubled japanese conglomerate toshiba is in talks with four other lenders over its financial future , according to reports .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the low - paid mining of mubende .
a millionaire was unlawfully killed in a hit and run accident in ukraine , an inquest has heard .
virat kohli 's century led india to a 17-run victory over pakistan in the opening match of the world cup .
thousands of people have attended armed forces day events in the north east of england , which will be held on sunday .
stone tools and bones found at a site in the us have been damaged by humans , scientists say .
britain 's mark cavendish was ` ` a victim of their own success '' as he took silver in the men 's race in paris .
the queen has awarded a pardon for pioneering codebreaker alan turing , who was jailed for sex offences .
arsenal midfielder radamel falcao has been left out of the champions league squad for the second half of the season .
at least 13 people have been killed in a series of bomb attacks in the iraqi capital , baghdad , officials say .
birmingham city ladies have signed germany international rachel stamford from bundesliga club frankfurt for the 2017 - 18 season .
british eventing champion emily gilruth is in a ` ` intensive care unit '' after a fall at the cross - country circuit .
barnsley boss gary johnson says he will take full responsibility for the club 's poor run of form .
india and bangladesh have failed to agree a deal on how to share water from a river in bangladesh .
voters in wales are set to go to the polls on 23 june to elect the uk 's eu membership .
beth tweddle has become the first british gymnast to win a medal at the london 2012 olympics .
england captain dylan hartley says there is a ` ` huge opportunity '' for the british and irish lions in november .
liverpool 's raheem sterling should not be sold to the club , according to manager brendan rodgers .
former world 400 m champion kelly richards - ross says she has had a ` ` brokenness '' in her life .
the efl 's top - four goal of the season came to an end with a goalless draw at barnsley .
at least 19 civilians have been killed in an air strike in southern yemen , the un 's red cross says .
the uk 's decision to leave the eu is ` ` all over '' , a former cabinet minister has said .
wigan warriors forward lewis tierney has signed a new three - year contract with the super league club , with the option of a further year .
a 15-year - old girl who died after falling from a pier in northumberland has been named by police .
egypt 's zamalek and zesco will meet in the semi - finals of the african champions league .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling off a cliff in county londonderry on sunday .
one of the uk 's biggest companies is set to open a new factory in the west midlands .
three new mayors in spain have vowed to ` ` redefine '' the country 's political system .
labour 's plans to scrap tuition fees in england and wales have been unveiled by the party 's leader .
a hospital doctor has criticised a decision to buy a piece of blackout blind from a hospital in reading .
police investigating the disappearance of a missing man have renewed an appeal for information about his disappearance , the bbc has learned .
coventry city moved to within four points of the league one play - offs with victory at millwall .
the return of abu dhabi detainee abu dhabi 's detainee , omar aamer , is back to the uk .
the gcse exams system in england and wales will be overhauled in 2017 , the exams watchdog has announced .
george osborne has reached a deal with the government over the next five years , as part of a spending review .
australia has announced new laws to strip dual nationals convicted of terrorism - related activities from dual nationals .
the european tour has confirmed that ballyliffin will be the venue for next year 's irish open .
an employment worker who wrote an e - mail saying she had a ` ` home educated oddball '' when applying for jobs has said she was ` ` angry '' .
police officers have taken part in a vigil to mark the death of a county durham police officer .
the united states says it has ` ` significant progress '' on human rights and reconciliation in bahrain .
south africa coach bill domingo has been named head coach of cricket in a bid to become a new head coach .
jose mourinho 's return to chelsea ended in defeat by manchester united at stamford bridge .
aberdeen midfielder graeme shinnie has signed a new two - year contract with the scottish premiership club until 2019 .
england 's six nations campaign ended in defeat by scotland on saturday as they finished with 10 men .
it 's one of the world 's most famous and most famous people in the world cup .
motorcyclist john lewis has set the fastest time of the year at the manx grand prix .
the belfast telegraph leads with the news that northern ireland 's brexit negotiator is in a good place .
the trial of a man accused of murdering his wife has been adjourned for a second time .
hibernian and dundee united both had to settle for a point apiece at tannadice .
new distilleries in scotland are being put into ` ` explosiveness '' , according to a new report .
the first leg of the new zealand sevens series takes place at twickenham on sunday , with south africa aiming to win the series .
britain 's tonia cave won her second world title of the year with victory in the women 's triathlon .
motherwell moved off the bottom of the scottish premiership with victory over dundee at denounced motherwell .
a man has been charged with the rape of a woman in a supermarket car park in milton keynes .
tove it 's a ` ` brain game '' , but it 's not all about it .
uganda 's government has promised to apologise to gay people for breaching the country 's anti - gay laws .
floyd mayweather has accused ufc champion conor mcgregor of ` ` going out '' in their fight on saturday .
a group of 13 kenyan schoolgirls have taken part in a national read reading reading reading event .
hoffenheim have sacked manager tedesco after his side 's poor start to the season .
a collection of ` ` historic '' photographs of the lives of more than 50 years of homelessness have been released .
a man who died after an allergic reaction to a bee sting was ` ` delirious '' , an inquest has heard .
a cancer research centre in manchester has been awarded # 1.5 m by the university of manchester .
thousands of coptic christians have attended a vigil in cairo to mark the funeral of pope shenouda .
police in scotland are ` ` alive to be struck '' by organised crime groups , according to senior officers .
defending champion danny willett card a three - under - par 65 to take a share of the lead after the final round of the dubai desert classic .
a street party is to be held in london to celebrate the queen 's official 90th birthday .
a florida man has been convicted of setting fire to a mosque in the us state of florida on saturday .
a former swansea city youth club chairman has died at the age of 87 , the club has announced .
a zoo in the us state of ohio has apologised after it was hacked to death a gorilla .
french police have carried out an operation on a train from the port of port city of bordeaux , near the city .
a cat has died after being poisoned in a glasgow street , the scottish spca has confirmed , with an anti - freeze .
fifa president sepp blatter should remain in charge of world football , david cameron has said .
a memorial to the battle of ww1 is to be built at the site of the site .
the operator of the world 's largest nuclear power plant , tokyo , has announced plans to deal with the crisis in the pacific ocean .
a senior police officer has called for an inquiry into the conduct of a counter - terrorism training exercise in manchester .
` ` i ' mz '' del rey tells the bbc that she is n't expecting to be a guest .
belfast giants were beaten 4 - 2 by nottingham panthers in the opening game of the elite league season .
blackburn rovers ' hopes of avoiding relegation from the championship were dented as they lost to nottingham forest .
prince charles has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that religious freedom is ` ` beyond all faiths '' .
a new sub - sea electricity cable linking the uk and norway has been unveiled by the national grid .
an independent inquiry into a hospital 's failings in north - east england has found a ` ` catalogue of failures '' .
the mystery surrounding the location of the round table of king arthur has been solved , according to an expert .
lady gaga 's super bowl performance in houston will take place in the united states this weekend , as the super bowl takes place .
a man accused of assaulting his bride at a hotel was ` ` angry '' and ` ` grappling '' with him , a court has heard .
juan martin del potro beat stan wawrinka in straight sets to reach the quarter - finals of the australian open .
justice secretary michael gove has accused turkey of making ` ` false claims '' about its bid to join the european union .
it 's one of the most difficult exam boards in the world , and it 's not the best way to prepare for exams .
a new vaccination programme will be rolled out in wales on monday , the welsh government has said .
real madrid striker gonzalo higuain is close to signing a new five - year contract , according to his agent .
the loch ness monster may have been caused by falling from a nearby wood , according to a conservation charity .
voters in cheshire are going to the polls to elect a new mp for the first time in their history .
the first day of london 's history will be celebrated in europe , according to a new campaign .
a collection of ` ` amazing '' and ` ` best - known '' divers from across the world have sold at auction .
the bank of england has voted to keep interest rates at its highest level in more than two years .
bradford city goalkeeper david darby has been offered a new one - year contract with the league one club .
canada 's top court has withdrawn an appeal against a ruling that the niqab worn by a muslim woman .
a management buyout of tata 's uk steel operations is set to be submitted to the bbc .
a former sri lankan politician has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of an opposition politician .
gloucester hooker mark atkinson has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club .   's second - row .
chinese technology giant baidu has launched an artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- system that allows users to communicate directly with the device .
pakistan says it has asked india to save the life of an indian man accused of spying for pakistan .
a man who said he had been threatened with death threats after his wedding says he has received death threats .
denmark 's health service has announced a radical overhaul of the way patients are treated by gps and specialists .
a stretch of road in stafford is to be closed until the end of the year , engineers have said .
brighton & hove albion captain brad sidwell says he wants to stay in the premier league next season .
reddit 's website reddit has been killed by a secret surveillance request , the company has confirmed .
plans to build a new golf course in the highlands have been unveiled by the developers of the project .
it 's one of australia 's best - selling authors , but it 's not too much to describe it as the ` ` lucky country '' .
myanmar 's president has signed an agreement to end a long - running conflict in the country .
louis deleon does n't have to pay more than $ 500 -lrb- # 130 -rrb- when he comes to london .
forest green rovers have signed former torquay united midfielder gary pidgeley on a one - year contract .
the boss of the regulator ofgem has called for the uk 's energy industry to cut prices .
the use of phosphorus to boost soil is a major contributor to the global economy , according to scientists .
cardiff city have sacked manager russell slade as head coach until the end of the 2016 - 17 season .
china has reported a sharp rise in its imports from iran in the first three months of the year .
nigeria 's military says it has rescued more than 200 schoolgirls from the north - eastern city of abuja .
great britain 's jonny evans and sophie french claimed silver in the mixed - run event in lithuania .
three world war two medals stolen from a man 's home have been found in the back of his home .
wales ' players and staff will be ` ` a huge achievement '' in their bid to qualify for the 2018 world cup , according to head coach matthew clements .
the scottish fishermen 's federation has said the uk 's membership of the european union is a ` ` complete no brainer '' .
russia says it is ending its military presence in syria as part of a ` ` pull - down '' of its forces .
children as young as three in the highlands can recognise the smell of alcohol , according to a new report .
glasgow - based temporary power firm aggreko has announced plans to cut costs and cut costs .
tablets , computers and smartphones have been used to make sure our screens are more connected than 30 years old .
algerian champions kabylie stunned algeria 's top - flight club as they lost 4 - 0 to algerian champions kabylie < q >
two youths have been taken to hospital after being injured in a bonfire night in clackmannanshire .
derbyshire seam bowler tom taylor has signed a new three - year contract , keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018 season .
councils in england and wales will have to pay off their council tax by 2 % over the next five years , the local government association has said .
a review of road safety zones in greater manchester has found it has failed to reduce the rate of accidents .
the irish foreign minister has been asked to clarify why the irish national anthem was played before the mckenna cup final .
` ` potential '' is the man who has been in charge of the tate modern , the man he founded in 2002 .
the snp has retained control of key seats in the uk general election , winning 63 of the 59 seats .
rugby world cup organisers have praised the ` ` positive impact '' of the tournament in newcastle .
chelsea boss jose mourinho ` ` should have '' apologised for using abusive language towards chelsea manager jose mourinho , says football association chairman greg dyke .
a farmer who built his mock - tudor castle without planning permission has told a court he ` ` broke no law '' .
the inquests into the death of a man who died in the manchester arena attack will be held in november .
veteran british actor dan johnson , who has died at the age of 89 , has died aged 89 .
the closure of raigmore hospital in inverness has been lifted following an outbreak of norovirus .
a woman who embezzled more than [ UNK ] # 4,000 from her employer has been found guilty of fraud .
prime minister theresa may may may has the power to call an early election on 8 may - but she may not have to call a general election .
colombia says it has foiled an investigation into the disappearance of the president of the country 's president .
a care worker who stole # 10,000 from a pensioner 's bank account has been jailed .
more women are being ` ` overlooked '' in public life , according to a new report by the welsh government .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced a crackdown on ` ` black money '' after the country 's new anti - corruption crackdown .
an investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust in essex which it was hit by a deficit .
more than 70 people have been arrested in myanmar in connection with protests against the government 's plans to centralise higher education .
jewellery worth # 20,000 has been stolen from a jewellers in lincolnshire , police have said .
kenya 's electoral authorities have delayed the deadline of polling stations in the run - up to the presidential election .
gardener george w bush has been answering newsround 's newsround coverage of the chelsea flower show .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene , a former government minister and member of the opposition , looks at why the main road in ghana is closed .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after a two - car crash in dumfries and galloway .
a review into the murder of belfast man pat finucane has concluded there was no cover - up in the wake of his death .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a meat market .
a life - size bronze sculpture honouring the late musician michael ronson has been unveiled in hull .
the leader of the so - called islamic state group has said he is ` ` totally opposed '' to the group .
urban areas could become ` ` giant nature reserves '' for bee conservation , according to a study .
crewe alexandra have signed former bury striker ryan lowe on a one - month loan deal after his release by bury .
a group of zebras have escaped from a gi girder in the us after escaping from the girders .
police are searching for a 19-year - old woman who has been missing from her home in greater manchester .
a couple who were burgled by the metropolitan police have been reunited with their ` ` lost hope '' stolen stolen from their home .
bbc northern ireland has won the top prize at the bbc northern irish language television awards , including a series of television shows .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head .
a catholic priest has apologised for saying her children were ` ` father christmas '' .
the art of russian politics has come up with a twist in the recent months of donald trump 's presidency .
southport have sacked manager steve burr and assistant steve watson following their relegation from the national league north group .
sale sharks have signed fly - half vadim cobilas from french side bordeaux for an undisclosed fee .
the death of pakistani social media star qandeel baloch has sparked a debate on social media .
the hebcelt festival is to be streamed live on the internet for the first time this year .
kasabian have criticised the use of the term ` ` psychos '' in a video of people with mental health problems .
tesco has announced it is to buy 80 % of its giraffe restaurants in the uk .
a man who raped and sexually assaulted a woman more than 30 years ago has been jailed for four years .
archaeologists have uncovered what was thought to be the first ice age tools in scotland in more than 3,000 years .
worcestershire opener brett d'oliveira hit a career - best 10,000 first - class hundred as his side dominated derbyshire on day two .
a man has been arrested in connection with a fire at a house in cookstown , county tyrone .
a man in his 60s has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary - style attack in west belfast .
the uk is to reopen its embassy in iran , following a row over iran 's nuclear programme .
the remote pacific ocean islands of palau , the tiny pacific ocean of the pacific ocean , is a tourist destination .
the us city of northampton has renamed its two days of good friday and good friday as part of a plan to make it easier for people to serve .
northern ireland 's agriculture minister has attended a banquet at the balmoral show in londonderry .
downton abbey star jennifer johnston is to join the cast of itv drama the family , the bbc has announced .
germany 's central bank has called for the country to increase the retirement age to 70 by 2030 .
jared payne has been ruled out of ireland 's six nations opener against france on saturday because of a hamstring injury .
norwich city assistant manager graham money has signed a new two - year contract with the championship club . .
northern ireland 's environment minister has been ` ` failed '' by the environment minister 's decision to delay a major regeneration plan .
a police watchdog has criticised north wales police for failing to properly investigate how officers are being abused .
a group of former soldiers have been jailed for firearms offences after being found in a car boot in kent .
the uk 's gourmet burger chain has been bought by the owner of the gourmet burgers .
sony has announced that it is to stop selling copies of printed books by the end of next year .
a senior judge has criticised the british government for not doing enough to deal with the legacy of the past .
india 's kudankalum nuclear plant has become operational in the western state of kudankalum .
the 2015 formula 1 season gets under way in australia this weekend , with the opening weekend of the season .
the family of a man who was killed by the ira in northern ireland 22 years ago have said they are ` ` deeply divided '' about the case .
league two side preston north end have signed aston villa midfielder joe robinson and midfielder andy pringle .
young people who live in poverty are more likely to become victims of crime , according to a new study .
sky is to launch a new mobile phone service that allows customers to pay for their mobile phone , the company has announced .
tributes have been paid to motorcyclist john hinds , who has died in a crash in county tyrone .
the scottish government 's plans to change local taxation have been backed by a committee of msps .
a packaging firm has said it is ` ` daunting '' after it introduced a 5p charge for plastic bags .
aberdeen 's council has voted to reject plans to transform the city 's historic city garden project .
the former editor of the news of the world newspaper has been arrested in connection with the phone - hacking scandal .
the magna carta celebrations have taken place in lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of the document 's declaration .
fernando alonso will attempt to win the aegon championships at queen 's club in london next month .
nigeria 's government has suspended radio biafara , a state - run radio station in the north - eastern city of abuja .
a number of people have been injured in a rollercoaster crash at alton towers , the fire service said .
the queen has a ` ` pretty good '' voice in her native norfolk , her family has said .
scott connolly 's first game as crawley town manager ended in a goalless draw with blackpool in league two .
the met office has issued a yellow ` ` be aware '' warning for heavy rain across wales .
mike scott has resigned as performance director of british swimming after an independent review into its performance in london .
great britain 's bid to host the 2018 world para taekwondo championships has been boosted by the expansion of the sport .
the number of work - related cases in scotland has risen since 2008 , according to a charity .
it 's one of the most famous children in the world , but what do you think about writing ?
the organisers of the london marathon say they will not take up the baton to save the event .
british airways cabin crew have rejected a new pay offer from the unite union , the union has said .
a boy with a potentially life - limiting disease who developed a vaccine has won # 120,000 in compensation from his mother .
` ` it 's a break to hold the belly '' - and it 's not the olympics .
brentford defender tom mcdonnell has signed a new three - year contract with the league two club .
award - winning children 's laureate helen blackman is to be dramatised on bbc one 's poldark .
the owner of the dambusters squadron has sold an album of signatures to mark the 70th anniversary of the german dambusters raid .
french actress michele morgan , best known for her role as a blind woman , has died at the age of 89 .
the closure of the police scotland control centre at the glasgow leisure centre has been described as ` ` unacceptable '' .
microsoft has announced that it is releasing a computer game called minecraftedu , the company has announced .
chancellor george osborne has said he would cut the top rate of income tax for 30 million people over the next five years .
donald trump 's campaign to become the next republican presidential candidate in the united states has reached its final stage .
british number one johanna konta has been drawn to the nottingham open main draw with ana konjuh .
indian prime minister narendra modi 's visit to the united states came to an abrupt end in 2002 .
manchester united striker anthony martial is a ` ` top talent '' , according to manager jose mourinho .
chester fans will be allowed to travel to chester 's fa cup quarter - final against chester on saturday .
stoke city defender ryan shawcross will miss the rest of the season with a ` ` soft muscle injury '' .
the widow of murdered toddler liam fee has said she is ` ` shocked and totally shocked '' by the death of her partner .
england opened their women 's six nations campaign with a hard - fought victory over ireland in dublin .
convicted murderer peter sutcliffe is to be moved to a prison in england and wales , the bbc understands .
when the first north american settlers arrived in cuba in 1979 , they arrived on the island of sao paulo .
fife - based interior fitting firm havelock europa has announced plans to open a new headquarters in fife .
the 2016 bbc sports personality of the year will be revealed on tuesday , 18 december , organisers have announced .
portsmouth chairman michael brown says the club 's owners are ` ` only chance '' of winning the club .
a team of four men have rescued a shark off the coast of pembrokeshire , off the welsh coast .
the un refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- says it has repatriated 1,600 people who were forced to leave their homes in nigeria .
lawyers at south africa 's high court have been reacting to the outcome of their lawyer 's courtroom .
at least two people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters in zimbabwe 's capital , harare .
a metropolitan police detective has been disciplined for allegedly making a false story about an officer 's toy .
formula 1 's greatest sporting event , the sport world 's most famous motor racing driver , is in a very good place .
iran 's foreign minister javad zarif has accepted an invitation from the us to join a new political process in syria .
australia 's economy grew at an annual rate of 2.3 % in the first three months of 2014 , according to official figures .
an oil and gas company in pembrokeshire has been given a permit for exploratory drilling .
fifteen people have been evacuated from their homes after a fire broke out at a block of flats in glasgow .
oscar pistorius should be freed early from prison , his lawyer has told the south african athlete 's lawyers .
the family of marie colvin , who was killed by syrian troops in 2012 , is suing the government for negligence over her death .
a rare olive ridley turtle has been found in a tank at a conwy county zoo , keepers have said .
china 's environment minister has called for the creation of a five year plan to tackle climate change .
the uk 's largest accountancy firms have been accused of breaching the law on tax avoidance .
worcestershire have signed south africa all - rounder kyle abbott as their overseas player for the t20 blast .
northern ireland 's finance minister has said he will ask the public spending watchdog to investigate the cost of building projects .
an electronic prescribing system should be introduced in wales , according to the welsh government 's health watchdog .
the rspca should be ` ` very different '' in dealing with animal welfare issues , an mp has said .
great britain 's men 's and women 's 4x400 m relay team won their first medal of the rio olympics .
south sudan 's hopes of reaching the next round of the african nations championship -lrb- chan -rrb- were dented as they lost 2 - 1 to madagascar in the second leg of their qualifiers .
at least four people have been killed in a series of severe storms in sydney and new south wales .
cardiff blues have signed fly - half matthew morgan from bristol on a three - year deal . .
the remains of a young girl who lived in the americas have been discovered in a quarry in mexico .
a tanzanian doctor has accused the government of spreading homophobia in the country 's attitude to homosexuality .
bp 's chief executive bob dudley has told the bbc that the company is looking to reassess its financial arrangements .
nottinghamshire opener alex hales hit a career - best 135 as his side beat durham by seven wickets in the t20 blast .
the price of gas in europe has risen for the first time in more than a decade , according to analysts .
video replays will be used in football 's first major league match in the united states in 2018 .
england reached the third one - day international with a five - wicket win over sri lanka at bristol .
police are investigating after a woman was gang - raped on her face in the us state of california .
the first day of the us national wildlife sanctuary in the us state of oregon was sealed off by armed men .
the prince of wales is to hold a memorial service to mark the 20th anniversary of princess diana 's death .
british number two aljaz bedene beat croatian teenager borna coric in the second round of the marseille open .
hong kong officials have announced plans to create a new ` ` passport area '' for passengers travelling to china .
ivory coast began their africa cup of nations campaign with a 2 - 0 victory over qatar in the first match of the tournament .
senegal reached the quarter - finals of the under-23 africa cup of nations with a 1 - 1 draw with ecuador in jeonju .
welsh secretary alun cairns said he was ` ` quite emotional '' and ` ` emotional '' .
the first female officer to be the new head of the sandhurst academy has said she will ` ` pinch herself '' when she takes over .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower after the us economy added 242,000 jobs in july .
leeds rhinos say they have been left ` ` devastated '' by flooding caused by the closure of their training ground .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned the country 's decision to ban paralympians from the 2016 paralympics .
london 's transport system is in full swing , and it 's a lot of good news .
world number two novak djokovic beat japan 's marin cilic in the second round of the katowice open in belgrade .
league one side bury have re - signed bury striker jordan williams on loan until the end of the season .
manager pedro caixinha was happy with his rangers side 's performance in their 2 - 2 draw with hearts .
a woman and her husband have been injured after a lorry hit a house in ardrossan .
robbie simpson scored a hat - trick as exeter city thrashed crewe to reach the league two play - offs .
bookmaker ladbrokes has placed a stake in andy murray 's bid to win a world number one title .
the family of a woman who was murdered by police after a night out have lost a legal challenge against two police forces .
pope francis has arrived in the vatican for the first time since the end of last year 's corruption scandal .
the effectiveness of using a painkiller to cut the life of osteoporosis could cut the lives of patients , a study suggests .
a 15-year - old boy has been stabbed to death in bath , police have said in a murder inquiry .
a ` ` northern powerhouse '' in the north of england is in an ` ` added need '' , according to labour figures .
zlatan ibrahimovic says he will not wait for the 2018 world cup after sweden failed to reach the play - offs .
ferrari 's fernando alonso won a thrilling hungarian grand prix as jenson button beat ferrari 's sebastian vettel to retain his title .
the east midlands airport is celebrating 50 years since it opened its first full full - time passenger terminal .
the beatles performed at the cavern club in liverpool in the first of their gigs in the city 's history .
prince charles and duchess of cornwall are to embark on a two - day tour of australia next month .
the european central bank -lrb- ec&imf -rrb- has been baffled by the greek government 's response to the greek bailout .
sussex have re - signed former batsman murray goodwin as head coach until the end of the season .
former news of the world editor richard gascoigne and ex - foreign secretary paul gascoigne have settled a # 70,000 civil case over phone hacking .
wales ' men 's hockey team lost 4 - 1 to scotland in the final of the european championship .
swansea city have apologised to former captain leon britton after his team 's win over hull .
harper lee 's best - selling novel , the best - selling author of the pulitzer prize - winning novels , has been published .
two men accused of attempting to murder a former sun newspaper editor have been cleared of attempted murder , a court has heard .
electronic coins should be registered in virtual and trading platforms , according to the us federal bureau of regulators .
former world superbike champion john mcguinness will race alongside john mcguinness at this year 's isle of man tt .
nhs patients in england are being offered unnecessary unnecessary gp appointments to patients , a report has found , with some doctors claiming .
the body representing the nhs in wales has been criticised by the welsh government for failing to make public awareness .
a scottish conservative msp has resigned from his local council by - election in the scottish borders .
a trial of hiv - infected people in the uk has been cut short by early treatment .
a large fire at a railway station in doncaster has badly damaged part of the building 's roof .
` ` i ' m a bit of a whirlwind , i ' m not able to throw , ''
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in the republic of ireland .
families affected by female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- should be offered help to survivors of the disease , a charity has said .
profits at dixons carphone have risen for the first time since the uk voted to leave the eu .
the asteroid that hit the surface of the chicxulub crater in mexico has been reconstructed by scientists .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower after disappointing results from japan and china weighed on investor confidence .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after reaching the last 16 of the champions league .
a woman who was ` ` bombarded with lovebombed '' messages said she was ` ` overwhelmed '' by the pressure of her life .
a plan to make staff highly paid for early years carers in england has been unveiled by the welsh government .
the owner of the fire - damaged britons who died in the aftermath of the grenfell tower fire has said it will not charge for any insurance claims .
a man who was convicted of making a hoax bomb threat to a hospital has been jailed for two years .
more than 50,000 members of one of scotland 's biggest sports clubs have had their funding cut .
russia 's economy has been hit by the news that russia 's economic sanctions should be banned .
the leader of the uk independence party has been confirmed as the party 's candidate for the party .
victims of the asbestos - related disease mesothelioma are to get # 20,000 in compensation from the government .
wales coach robin mcbryde says the british and irish lions ' match against the scarlets on saturday is a ` ` stage to be '' .
the actor who played two and a half men has said he is quitting the show because of ` ` filth '' .
donegal will face galway in saturday 's all - ireland qualifier at croke park on saturday .
voters in mexico are going to the polls on sunday to elect a new president , with the country 's biggest political party set to win .
a 16-year - old boy has died after he was hit by a lorry in east london .
the proportion of people who have no education in the us has fallen to its lowest level since 2013 , according to a study .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was arrested on suspicion of possessing an axe .
a convicted murderer in norway says he is ` ` extremely worried '' that he is being held in a maximum security jail .
thousands of people have been affected by a cyber - attack that may have been the victim of a cyber - attack .
two men have gone on trial accused of murdering a woman found dead at an allotment in leicester .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have unveiled a new # 5 coin to mark the first birthday of his birth .
a world war two computer used to encrypt a key part of the world 's longest - serving code has been uncovered in essex .
four councils in london are to launch legal action against the runway at heathrow airport , the bbc has learned .
charlton athletic have offered new contracts to midfielder hossi ghoochannejhad and midfielder motta .
a man has been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in essex last year .
a plaque has been unveiled in wigan to commemorate a teacher who was stabbed to death in her home town .
zlatan ibrahimovic could become the world 's most expensive player , according to a leading expert .
french police have raided two raids in france over the arrest of a suspected jihadist who was being held in syria .
the labour party has unveiled its new policy on grandparents to help with children and adults who work for free .
andy halkett 's first - half goal gave rangers victory over livingston in the scottish championship .
chelsea climbed to the top of the premier league with a hard - fought victory over burnley at turf moor .
a 19-year - old man has been charged in connection with the paris attacks , belgian prosecutors say .
chelsea goalkeeper victor moses may have played a part in the january transfer window , according to manager mark hughes .
the use of drones to launch in the us is ` ` not going to happen '' , according to former defence secretary eric schmidt .
a man has been seriously injured after a two - vehicle crash in aberdeenshire on saturday .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street closed higher on monday , boosted by strong earnings from google and google .
last season 's top - four runner - up flash fire won the dante stakes at newbury .
ireland 's hopes of winning the intercontinental cup title suffered a major blow as they lost to the netherlands in dublin .
police are searching for two men who carried out a robbery at a pharmacy in north lanarkshire .
jamie murray and brazilian bruno soares have reached the atp world tour finals doubles quarter - finals .
britain 's johanna kontaveit beat hungary 's borna vondrousova in the semi - finals of the qatar open .
a man has died and two people have been seriously injured after a car crash in north - west london .
labour has accused the party of trying to ` ` take a legal challenge '' over its exclusion from the general election .
israel 's prime minister has announced tougher penalties for those who killed a palestinian man in jerusalem last week .
bastia have accused mario balotelli of ` ` monkey behaviour '' during their ligue 1 game with roma .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower after the bank of england said it would cut interest rates .
a woman who killed a pensioner in a ` ` chaotic '' attack has been jailed for life .
heavy fighting has continued in the eastern ukrainian city of voronezh , after a russian convoy carrying aid to pro - russian rebels .
a four - month - old boy died after he was attacked by a dog , an inquest has heard .
a man who posted ` ` vile and offensive '' photographs of two women on social media has been jailed for four years .
china 's alibababababa is set to become the country 's biggest internet company .
it 's one of the world 's most famous cities in recent years , and we ' ve never heard the source of human waste .
pope francis has said the palestinian authority will not be able to recognise the status of the palestinian territories .
lancashire 's chief constable has warned that ` ` savage '' cuts to police services could have a ` ` devastating impact '' on the county .
jonathan walters and jon walters have been ruled out of the republic of ireland 's friendly against sweden on tuesday .
the premiership could move to english top 14 clubs from next season , according to the french rugby federation .
a 33-year - old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year - old man in edinburgh .
the world anti - doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has suspended its anti - doping laboratory in south africa .
a county antrim glass factory is set to close with the loss of 50 jobs , the union has said .
hundreds of people have taken part in a sea swim in tenby , off the coast of pembrokeshire .
an 11-year - old boy from caerphilly county has been reunited with his owner after his owner 's home - made flat - screen flat .
police are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse against former labour mp lord janner .
the us government has proposed new guidelines on the use of electronic devices to stop people driving while driving .
police in india 's northern state of madhya pradesh say they have arrested five people in connection with the rape of a 23-year - old woman .
iraqi security forces have used tear gas and tear gas to break into baghdad 's government , officials say .
mae ' r prif hyfforddwr yng nghaerdydd wedi cael eu dweud wrth iddo yn nhw yn nhw ' n nhw yn yn yn y scarlets yn cael eu cynnalwr yn cael ei garchnod yn nhw yr yn yr yn yn nhw yn
microsoft and microsoft have signed up to work together a new subsea cable across the atlantic to provide data .
australia 's sydney sixers reached the final of the sydney heat in the semi - finals of the australian open .
china 's stock market closed at its highest level for more than a year in march , according to the country 's latest trade data .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in gwynedd .
the n - dubz have scored four nominations for this year 's mobos awards , according to dappy .
harrison ford has said he was ` ` very happy '' with steven spielberg 's latest indiana jones film .
newcastle boss rafael benitez says his side must ` ` fight for the last minute '' to avoid premier league relegation .
the islamic state -lrb- isi -rrb- group has denied reports it carried out a raid on a compound in north - west pakistan .
blackpool fans are suing the club 's supporters for ` ` defamatory '' comments .
the number of syrian refugees coming to the uk by 2020 is ` ` gathering momentum '' , according to labour mp john harrington .
former england captain eoin morgan and eoin morgan both made half - centuries as middlesex dominated the second day at lord 's .
a man who threw a bottle of milk at a tesco store in powys has been ordered to pay # 1,000 .
the us says it plans to release dozens of afghan prisoners held by the taliban at bagram prison .
tom main 's late equaliser earned oldham a hard - fought victory over oldham athletic in league one .
a murder investigation has been launched after a woman 's body was found in a house in greater manchester .
national league side torquay united have signed defender david davis on a two - year deal after he left national league rivals lincoln city .
two men have been charged in connection with the theft of a trailer from a torfaen supermarket .
three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in west belfast .
a man has been taken to hospital after he was hit by a lorry in dumfries .
former netherlands midfielder johan sneijder has joined french champions nice for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
madagascar 's parliament has voted in favour of ousted president mahinda rajaonarimampianina , who was ousted last month .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving after she was hit by a police car .
more than 100 anti - immigration protesters have taken part in a mass anti - immigration protest in brighton .
fifteen new brexit - related legislation will be needed before the uk leaves the eu , according to the institute for fiscal studies .
tottenham maintained their 100 % start to the premier league season with victory over swansea city at white hart lane .
bbc sport will broadcast live coverage of england 's women 's rugby world cup semi - final against new zealand in november .
the latest wave of tube strikes in london has come into a new era of ` ` friendlier '' .
the syrian government and russia have signed a deal to establish safe zones in rebel - held territory in syria .
playboy magazine has announced that it is shutting down the image of naked women in the us and canada .
us president donald trump has said he will bring a legal challenge to a planned offshore wind farm in aberdeen .
a new bridge in aberdeen is to be opened to traffic for the first time in more than a year .
the nspcc is offering adults with information about rape and sexual abuse after the jimmy savile inquiry .
the cassini satellite has returned to saturn for the first time since its epic flyby of saturn .
it 's the sport of amputee football in scotland , but it 's a lot of people in the country .
a man has admitted having drugs worth more than # 100,000 during a raid on his home .
researchers say they have uncovered ` ` archaeological sites '' in south - eastern brazil that were destroyed by natural resources .
swansea city 's youngsters won the fa cup for the first time in their history as they beat reading 4 - 2 on sunday .
england have named five uncapped players in their squad for the six nations opener against france in february .
the serious fraud office has been ordered to pay [ UNK ] # 7 m to six people accused of being involved in a multi - million pound fraud case .
hibernian head coach neil lennon praised his side 's performance in their 2 - 2 draw with rangers .
derby county have signed midfielder steven davies from hull city for an undisclosed fee , believed to be around # 13 m .
england are in ` ` confident spirits '' ahead of sunday 's world cup qualifier against italy , according to a new study .
if you think a dinosaur could be living with the size of a museum 's entrance , you might have to find it .
police in the republic of ireland are investigating the former head of the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- thomas bach .
plans to build a wind farm on skye have been given the go - ahead by highland councillors .
steam , the world 's biggest online games retailer , is to launch a full range of video games .
blackpool have re - signed midfielders reece allsio and forward callum cooke on season - long loan deals .
dozens of jobs have been saved after a sandwich shop chain went into liquidation with the loss of 70 jobs .
education secretary nicky morgan has announced a shake - up of funding for schools in england , in a bid to cut costs .
home secretary theresa may should ` ` take responsibility '' for cuts to police numbers , the conservatives have said .
a russian long jump champion has won her appeal against her ban from the rio olympics after her ban was overturned .
south korea 's gareth an won his maiden european tour title with a four - shot victory at the abu dhabi championship .
a man has admitted killing his wife in a ` ` brutal '' attack in glasgow last year .
a man who was left ` ` devastated '' after a devastating flood has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' .
modern humans have interbred with neanderthals , according to a new analysis of dna .
work to repair a former school in denbighshire is set to be submitted to the council .
israel 's two main political parties are going to the polls on 17 march to elect a new leader .
a corn snake has been found in a van in ceredigion after it was dropped into a vehicle .
championship side fulham have signed midfielder alex petsos from german side shrewsbury town on a season - long loan deal .
a ` ` sleepwalking '' man outside his hotel in manchester city centre was ` ` ridiculous '' , police have said .
former greek prime minister john papademos is in a critical condition in hospital after a car bomb exploded in his car .
britain 's victoria williamson says she has ` ` no memory '' after suffering a serious spinal injury at the uci track cycling world cup in rotterdam .
spanish champions paris st - germain have signed real madrid defender jese rodriguez on a three - year contract .
former greek finance minister lucas papaconstantinou has been found guilty of breaching a tax evasion list .
nicky ajose scored the only goal of the game as gillingham came from behind to beat charlton .
a treatment of seven - year - olds for allergic reaction to peanuts has been linked to a ` ` landmark '' trial in the uk .
ukip 's assembly members have called for a change in the law to allow people living outside wales .
us actor james corden is to host three episodes of his late late late show , the bbc has learned .
bus operators in bristol have been asked to sign up to a ` ` number of '' restrictions imposed by the competition watchdog .
the appointment of alastair cook as england 's new captain has been confirmed by the national cricket council .
michael horan has been elected as the new president of the gaa 's annual congress in dublin .
the boss of nissan has said he is ` ` reasonably optimistic '' the global car market will be affected by the global recession .
the uk government is in breach of eu law after a high court judge ordered the government to publish revised plans for air quality .
a police community support officer who stole hundreds of passengers at heathrow airport has been jailed for two years .
the world 's largest outbreak of the ebola virus is taking place in guinea 's capital conakry .
tinie 's studio is home to the bbc 's sound of the year , but he 's still in the midst of his latest album .
london underground -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it is ready to launch the night tube service .
the death toll from heavy rain in japan 's north - west has risen to 16 , the japanese government has said .
tiger woods says he is ` ` feeling good '' about his return to competitive golf after injury .
sam crofts says he would like to play for brighton in the summer before the end of the season .
the parents of a three - month - old baby who was taken to hospital with a rare form of ` ` horrifying '' condition have returned home .
the world football association -lrb- fifa -rrb- announced on thursday that it had suspended israel from international football .
a ceredigion paedophile who sexually abused a young girl has been jailed for life .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a birmingham street .
action man 's best - selling action man toy has died at the age of 50 . .
french champions lille have signed midfielder nabilty sliti from french side lille for an undisclosed fee .
the main road between chester and chester has been postponed for two months because of delays to traffic lights .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness is to join a trade mission in northern ireland .
brexit secretary david davis has defended the uk government 's decision to leave the european union .
police have appealed for information after a car mounted a pavement and hit a office block in glasgow city centre .
the university of singapore -lrb- smu -rrb- says it 's not to start a lecture .
a collection of dr who props from the sci - fi series doctor who is expected to fetch up to # 50,000 at auction .
england 's darren hadwin carded a six - under - par 65 to take a share of the lead at the abu dhabi championship .
ipswich town moved up to fourth in the championship with victory over qpr , who finished with 10 men .
the supreme court 's ruling on the process of leaving the eu is ` ` unacceptable '' , the welsh secretary has said .
there 's a shortage of homeless people in the uk , but how do you think about the problem ?
russia 's justice ministry says it will not operate non - governmental organisations -lrb- levada -rrb- .
an investigation into the cause of a helicopter crash in norway has found flaws in parts of the system .
the story of a scottish football team 's ` ` hard - fought '' win over celtic in the second round of the scottish cup has been a remarkable moment .
great britain 's davis cup win over france in sunday 's semi - final in glasgow is a huge achievement for the team .
bangladesh 's central bank has been hacked by hackers who stole $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- , according to reports .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , former prime minister theresa may said : ` ` i do n't know what it would happen . ''
the united states football federation -lrb- us soccer -rrb- has announced plans to introduce new guidance on head injuries in england .
a 33-year - old man has been jailed for assaulting two men in county londonderry .
philippine president barack obama and philippine president rodrigo duterte have held a ` ` brief '' meeting in manila .
three people have been killed in a collision between a car and a van in the french capital , paris .
work is to start on a major upgrade of the port of grangemouth 's main shipping network .
newsround is looking at how you 're going to become a wwe superstar - and we ' ve been talking about it .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the pound has fallen to its lowest level since the eu referendum .
warrington wolves head coach shaun wane says he is ` ` not worried '' about the future of super league .
a lorry driver has been charged with causing the death of a 13-year - old girl in thailand .
two men have been seriously injured in a ` ` vicious '' attack on two men in east lothian .
a world war one training camp in wiltshire has been uncovered by archaeologists in a dig at the site .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing the death of a policeman by dangerous driving in the western city of mumbai .
a fire at a 16th century hall in greater manchester is believed to have been started deliberately , police have said .
a festival which was due to take place on saturday has been cancelled due to heavy rain . ''
leinster climbed to the top of the pro12 table with victory over cardiff blues at the rds .
a mental health patient who was jailed for nine months for wounding patients has had his jail term increased .
the number of cats living on a tiny island in japan has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
the fossilised remains of a group of dinosaur embryos have been discovered in china , according to scientists .
malaysian food activist irya khong is looking forward to helping to find and feed the poor in the world .
lecturers in glasgow are to stage two days of strike action in a dispute over pay and pay .
a financial director who failed to buy a rail ticket to cover his entire journey has been struck off .
two people have been airlifted to hospital after being rescued by a large section of the lomond .
us president barack obama has said the bombing of a hospital in afghanistan may have caused ` ` catastrophic '' injuries .
the sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea off the south coast has paid tribute to her ` ` hard work and friend '' .
the sister of arlene arkinson has told an inquest that police failed to investigate her disappearance .
viljoen 's unbeaten half - century put yorkshire in a strong position on day two of the county championship match against leicestershire .
a fire officer has described the rescue of four people who were injured when a rollercoaster crash at alton towers .
technology giant google has reported a sharp rise in advertising revenue in the first three months of the year .
people who have been subjected to ` ` grossly abusive '' online abuse could face prosecution , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said .
a man has been diagnosed with a traumatic event that causes ` ` frightening events '' in the uk .
an award - winning musical based on the life of a nigerian student has opened in london 's west end .
nottingham forest have signed wolves midfielder sebastien guedioura on loan until the end of the season .
grime artist joni mitchell has been named the top five of the bbc 's sound of 2016 .
the scottish government 's plan to appoint a ` ` named person '' for every child in scotland is ` ` not viable '' , according to the scottish secretary .
` ` it 's not a horse , '' says the media in the run - up to the grand national .
jos buttler hit the fastest hundred of his career as england beat pakistan by five wickets in the second one - day international .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
shares in the owner of betfair have fallen sharply after it reported a pre - tax loss of # 1.1 bn .
the winner of the 2011 nobel peace prize for peace has been announced at the annual conference in oslo .
the beatles ' most - selling single of the 20th century has topped the chart for the first time .
leeds rhinos prop alex galloway will miss the rest of the season after injuring his leg in a pre - season friendly .
a former employee at a glasgow boys club has admitted embezzlement and embezzlement .
the future of 22 local authorities in wales is not an option , the local government minister has said .
a search is under way for a man who has been missing from his home in ayrshire .
a new curriculum for primary schools in scotland is set to be introduced , the scottish government has confirmed .
a ` ` secret garden '' toilet has been restored to the public for the first time , its owners have said .
the general secretary of the gmb union , william roache , has been elected as the new general secretary .
surrey captain gareth batty has signed a new two - year contract with the club .   's promotion to division two .
rail services in north and mid wales have been closed for several days after heavy rain caused disruption to services .
a new runway at gatwick would be the ` ` only option '' for airport expansion , the transport secretary has said .
portsmouth extended their unbeaten run to seven games with a 1 - 1 draw at promotion - chasing carlisle .
spanish police have arrested two women in connection with a flashmob in a seaside town in catalonia .
hungary 's prime minister has said the country will not be allowed to take migrants back to europe .
dover boosted their national league play - off hopes with a 3 - 1 victory over chester at the crabble athletic ground .
four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat capsized off brixham in devon .
at least 130 afghan soldiers have been killed in an attack on a military base , the afghan army says .
there is no ` ` economic case '' for mass immigration in the uk , a labour mp has said .
more than 100 men have attended a conference in rotherham calling for male domestic abuse victims to be ` ` ashamed '' .
david cameron has said he is willing to ` ` pull out of or out of a reformed european union '' in the referendum .
south africa 's president jacob zuma 's cabinet reshuffle has ended in a bitter row over his handling of his resignation .
the bbc 's advice bureau -lrb- citizens advice bureau -rrb- is investigating cold calls .
scotland 's pilots ' union has lost a legal battle over a flight recorder from a north sea helicopter crash .
lancashire 's alviro petersen made his maiden first - class hundred of the season as the lancashire side dominated day two at old trafford .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a steep cliff in dorset , police have said .
a group of fishermen have been rescued after their fishing boat broke down in malin pier in county antrim .
google 's artificial intelligence system has been able to master a wide range of complex games , according to a new study .
the prime minister , nel , is learning the chinese language as part of the uk 's hs2 programme .
france 's centre - right presidential candidate francois fillon is to address his campaign in a speech on monday .
mps are preparing to go to the polls on thursday to elect a new government in the house of commons .
matt tubbs scored twice as sutton united came from behind to beat cheltenham and reach the fa cup third round .
voters are going to the polls on thursday to elect their first local council by - election in england .
sixteen people have been arrested on suspicion of drink - driving after police carried out breath tests in wrexham .
england 's second - half fight - back against italy at twickenham on saturday was a huge achievement for both teams .
papers say india 's army is in control of its territory in the west indian state of bihar .
a man suspected of being involved in an attempted abduction of two men at raf marham has been identified .
former wales lock luke charteris will leave bath at the end of the season , bbc wales understands .
australia captain michael clarke made his maiden test century on day two of the second test against england in melbourne .
a man has been arrested in china 's restive xinjiang province after a bomb attack , police say .
birmingham city striker che adams has been handed a one - match suspension for his red card in saturday 's fa cup win over everton .
a man who stabbed his girlfriend to death in a row over an ice cream has been jailed for 13 years .
american jason bohn has been taken to hospital with a ` ` mild '' heart attack in florida .
the bbc would have to pay a higher licence fee for failing to pay tv licences , the culture minister has said .
millions of people across the uk have been celebrating christmas as the city prepares to mark the end of the year .
the northern ireland executive office has defended its decision to appoint an executive press secretary , the bbc has learned .
police in the german city of berlin say they are ` ` well prepared '' to enter the olympic stadium .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
british actor sir christopher lee has unveiled a new album of the ` ` most metal character in the world '' .
shares in uk technology giant softbank are set to rise after it said it would accept a takeover offer from japanese firm arm .
russian police are investigating the suspected ringleader of the aum shinrikyo maoist cult in russia .
a former chief constable of the metropolitan police has been asked to review the handling of an investigation into historical child sex abuse allegations .
glamorgan batsman stewart donald has become the youngest player to score three centuries in the first championship match of the season .
a russian airliner has crashed in egypt 's capital , cairo , killing all 224 people , officials say .
the former chairman of the conservative party , sir eric holder of the conservatives , has announced he is to step down .
jonjo shelvey scored twice as newcastle came from behind to beat newcastle united and move into the relegation zone .
a man who carried a gun to the head of a pregnant woman and her pregnant mother in manchester has been threatened by a masked gang .
felix baughan is one of the world 's best - known and best - loved animals .
when thomas cook 's chief executive , the company 's health and safety management system was hit by the deaths of two children in 2006 , it was a ` ` tragedy '' .
plastic surgeons in the uk are being urged to improve the safety of patients who have undergone cosmetic surgery .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced a deal to take over from french firm total .
a sixth form academy in north yorkshire will close next year after a government decision to scrap it was agreed .
two former saracens rugby players have been described as ` ` big boys '' by the club 's chairman .
he 's one of the world 's best - known oil producers , and he 'd bemused .
thousands of supporters of a gorkhaland party have gone on strike in the north indian state of darjeeling .
lewis hamilton said he is ` ` confident '' he will be able to pick up the pace after winning the japanese grand prix .
uganda 's main opposition leader kizza besigye has said he is ` ` under house arrest '' after the presidential election .
more than 1,000 syrian refugees have been taken to hospital in the besieged enclave of aleppo , the un says .
forest green rovers ' hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they came from behind to beat torquay .
leicester city midfielder n'golo kante has won the premier league title for the first time .
the conservatives have retained control of northamptonshire county council in the local election , beating labour 's majority .
ufc champion conor mcgregor says he is ` ` ready to fight in the deepest of trench '' after ufc champion floyd mayweather 's fight in las vegas .
us emmy award - winning actress helen o'donnell has admitted she was ` ` nauseous and feverish '' .
wigan warriors went top of the super league table with a hard - fought victory over castleford tigers .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has been in turmoil since the uk voted to leave the eu .
donald trump has said he is ` ` not going to get along '' with russian president vladimir putin .
the governor of the us territory of guam , who was in the wake of north korea 's claim that the us is not a threat to the island .
gareth southwell 's first - half goal earned wycombe a 1 - 0 victory over stevenage in league two .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says it has successfully completed a mission to mars .
glasgow school of art 's -lrb- gsa -rrb- fire - damaged mackintosh building has been saved from a # 500,000 donation .
a hospital is looking to recruit more nurses to cope with the closure of a hospital 's inpatient ward .
a man who hid his mother 's body in a cupboard and hid her body has been jailed .
southampton midfielder luke stephens says the club 's poor start to the premier league season is ` ` not a disaster '' .
malaysian investigators say they have found ` ` significant '' parts of the mh17 air crash in eastern ukraine .
five men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after a number of suspicious devices were found in birmingham .
mansfield town have signed mansfield striker sam smith on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
dame sarah richardson is to star in the cast of bbc one drama happy valley in a ` ` summer of hard work '' .
former captain barry ferguson believes former captain andy halliday is ` ` getting a lot of stick '' after his side 's 2 - 2 draw with rangers .
partick thistle have made an approach for manager alan archibald , bbc scotland has learned .s alan archibald .
lewis hamilton is one of the most successful drivers in formula 1 , according to the bbc sport website .
thousands of pieces of ice have been thrown into the sea by melting ice in the north pole in russia .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a world war two dambusters pilot who died on monday .
two men arrested on suspicion of child sex offences in rotherham have been released on bail pending further inquiries .
lawyers for robin williams ' widow have begun a long - running dispute over the property they shared .
russia 's economy has fallen to its lowest level since 2001 , according to the country 's government .
moeen ali made an unbeaten century as england tightened their grip on the second test against west indies .
tottenham will host chelsea in the semi - finals of the fa cup at wembley on 23 april .
shauna coxsey has become the first british woman to win gold in the bouldering world championships .
china 's internet court has opened its first hearing in the country 's traditional court , in a bid to resolve legal issues .
police are attempting to trace two men who threatened a post office worker with a knife during a robbery in glasgow .
kenneth starr , the former chief executive of the us house of representatives , is one of the most influential figures in history .
laura muir says she is ` ` gutted '' she will miss the commonwealth games in birmingham next week .
a letter written by a polish woman in cambridgeshire tells the bbc that her husband has been threatened with hate mail .
fk trakai scored twice as st johnstone came from behind to draw with st johnstone in mcdiarmid park .
a ceasefire has come into effect in syria , with the city of aleppo being held in the country .
wales prop tomas francis says he is happy to keep his place in wales ' six nations match against england .
jessica ennis - hill , the founder of british horseracing , says she is ` ` excited '' about the challenges faced by competitors in sport .
british number one johanna konta reached the quarter - finals of the katowice open in poland .
a service to mark 100 world war one has been held in cardiff to mark the centenary of the battle of somme .
revolution radio have topped the us album chart for the first time in six years with their debut single .
melting sea ice in the arctic is likely to be a record year , according to a team of scientists .
a british man has died after being hit by a wave at a holiday resort in bulgaria , his family has said .
national league side ebbsfleet united have signed striker danny mills from whitehawk for an undisclosed fee .
more teacher places will be available at scotland 's universities next year , the scottish government has announced .
a teacher who took indecent images of young boys has been banned from teaching for two years .
sean o'connell and jonathan sexton both scored two late tries as ireland beat france in their world cup opener .
nottinghamshire seamer daryl gurney says he is ` ` pretty optimistic '' about the future of his career .
alcohol consumption is the most cost - effective way in england and wales , according to a report by public health england .
tottenham midfielder gregor townsend has been given a four - month suspension by the football association for betting on matches .
shares in us department store chain macy 's have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year , following a fall in sales .
stuart hogg 's decision to leave the british and irish lions in new zealand 's tour of new zealand was a major blow for the game .
a man who filmed a woman having sex with her sister has been jailed for four years and three months .
a top argentine government minister says he will use the ` ` full force '' of the law to stop offshore oil and gas drilling in the falkland islands .
ulster will meet holders connacht in the all - ireland football cup quarter - finals after beating connacht 1 - 11 to 0 - 11 in sunday 's decider .
liam livingstone hit a career - best 254 as lancashire dominated day two against nottinghamshire at trent bridge .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in mexico against legalising same - sex marriage .
swansea city winger scott sinclair has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club until 2018 .
coventry city council has held a meeting with the city council about plans for a new stadium in the city .
germany 's defeat by georgia in the euro 2016 quarter - final was not a bad thing .
the north east coast of england is set to host the first major exhibition of its kind in 2018 .
the mayor of liverpool has said he is ` ` surprised and saddened '' by the city 's council 's decision not to hold a referendum .
niger 's high court has begun legal action against a french - owned uranium processing company over a multi - million pound corruption scandal .
thomas werner scored a hat - trick as bundesliga leaders bayern munich thrashed second - placed mainz in the bundesliga .
roger federer beat france 's richard gasquet to win the french open for the first time since 2005 .
three - time tour de france winner chris froome says he would prefer to win the criterium .
it 's one of the most difficult stories in the world , but i ' m writing a lot of drama .
indian cricketer ravindra jadeja has been fined $ 2,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 2,000 -rrb- for taking selfies with lions .
bolivian president evo morales has ordered the spanish military to take control of a power - generating company .
scotrail has been accused of plundering the company 's contract to run the railways .
an artichoke festival is to be held in north - west london for the first time in five years .
police in the us state of arizona say they have arrested a man suspected of killing eight people in the city .
league one side walsall have signed midfielder callum mcgregor from carlisle united for an undisclosed fee on a two - year deal .
the us tax authority -lrb- irs -rrb- has signed an executive order aimed at preventing religious groups from discriminating against president donald trump .
a former soldier who served in iraq has said he was ` ` humiliated and mutilated '' by the ministry of defence -lrb- ihat -rrb- .
the father of a swansea woman who was taken to saudi arabia by her father has been ordered to return to the uk .
people in scotland are being ` ` struggling in severe poverty '' , according to a new report .
great britain 's caroline lucas won her third gold medal of the 2016 paralympics with victory in the sonar world cup .
a man who tried to defraud his victims out of the world cup has been fined # 600 .
ross county reached the scottish cup quarter - finals for the first time since 2004 with victory over ross county .
italy beat belgium 2 - 1 to keep alive their hopes of reaching the last 16 of euro 2016 .
manchester united midfielder paddy mcnair has signed a new one - year contract with the league of ireland .
the liberal democrats have lost all of their seats in scotland 's general election in the highlands and islands .
the owner of a care home provider , southern cross , has agreed to cut 1,000 jobs .
ukip 's newly elected leader , nathan gill , has a reputation for the party 's leadership .
macclesfield moved to within a point of the national league play - offs with victory over wrexham .
the german chancellor , angela merkel , has been in the midst of a meeting with turkey at the eu summit .
there has been a ` ` significant improvement '' in the care system in wales , according to a new report .
plans to redevelop town centres in north wales have been given a boost by the welsh government .
cambridge united moved to within a point of the play - offs with a 1 - 1 draw with cambridge united .
northampton saints prop alex brookes has been banned for a week for striking the head of the premiership club .
she 's one of the most famous singers in the world , ruweyda , who has a special type of anxiety .
an historic pembrokeshire fort is to open to the public for the first time in more than 100 years .
four people have pleaded guilty to selling puppies worth more than # 300,000 in cash .
madonna 's image of some of the world 's best - selling singers has caused controversy .
a zebra has died after being shot by police in a lake in eastern japan , according to local media .
researchers at the university of oregon are taking part in an experiment to monitor the behaviour of slugs .
thieves have smashed a cash machine and smashed into a bank in a ` ` cash machine '' .
a man who fraudulently claimed # 39,000 in benefits has been jailed for four years .
the ancient kingdom of jordan is one of the most influential countries in the middle east , with a rich , mainly muslim state .
scientists say they are using robots that make them easier for humans to move more quickly than ever before .
a community group in conwy county has been fined # 1,000 for renting a community hall .
bin collections will be introduced in flintshire as part of a crackdown on the amount of rubbish being collected .
the driver of a tipper truck that left at least 19 people dead in a suspected human smuggling spree in texas has been arrested .
hosts congo qualified for the quarter - finals of the under-20 africa cup of nations with a 1 - 0 victory over burkina faso .
britain 's chris froome remains in contention to win the tour de france after winning stage 19 .
a white police officer in texas has been charged with lying about the death of a black woman who died after an argument with a stun gun .
conor thomas scored the only goal of the game as swindon came from behind to beat millwall in league one .
former tv weather presenter emily gallacher has been charged with drink - driving , police have said .
the number of personal insolvencies in scotland rose by more than a third last year , according to new figures .
wales ' political parties have been gathering in cardiff for the first time since the general election campaign began .
england 's charley hull has the potential to become a top-10 player in europe , according to her former captain annika sorenstam .
a police force has been criticised for failing to properly investigate child sex abuse in rotherham , a report has found .
midwives in northern ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay , the department of health has said .
using stem cells to restore hearing in the ear could help people with severe hearing loss , say researchers .
the owner of a buy - to - let property benefit in kent has been accused of ` ` racism '' after describing the curry smell of curry .
a 12-year - old girl who was left ` ` frightened of the dark '' after a burglary has written an open letter to her burglars .
carmarthenshire council has bought the town 's guildhall for # 1.5 m .
girls as young as 11 are more likely to become child brides , a report by save the children says .
the number of mosques in the uk is to be ` ` share tea and refreshments '' , according to a leading muslim organisation .
the conservatives are going to the polls in the general election on 8 june , and how will they win ?
a fall in confidence in uk consumers after the uk voted to leave the european union , according to a new survey .
three hospitals in england are facing a ` ` black alert '' because of a shortage of beds .
kilmarnock manager lee clark is heading to the scottish premiership 's bottom club for the first time .
a statue of the falklands war memorial in portsmouth is to be moved to a museum in portsmouth .
belfast 's paddy barnes suffered a shock defeat by slavchev in their wbo welterweight bout in belfast .
two schools in telford have been placed in special measures by ofsted after inspectors found they were ` ` inadequate '' .
a construction worker has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who died when three frames fell on her .
one of china 's best - known people , who has died at the age of 98 , is one of the world 's most influential people .
millwall striker lee cox has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club . .
the number of fighters fighting islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq and syria has risen by more than a year , the cia says .
manager chris coleman says wales ' euro 2016 warm - up win over northern ireland was a ` ` good attitude '' .
facebook has agreed to buy aol , the world 's biggest technology company , in a deal worth $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 97 m -rrb- .
an academy chain in yorkshire and humber has been rated ` ` inadequate '' by ofsted .
a man has been arrested in china on suspicion of running a ` ` fast and furious '' race , state media report .
former world super - middleweight champion carl froch says he is ready to defend his title .
great britain 's jonny english finished fourth in the european indoor championships with victory in the men 's 4x100 m relay in the czech republic .
in the wake of the manchester arena attack that killed 22 people , two people , including two women , have gathered in the city centre to pay their respects .
the head of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group is being held in iraq and syria , the us says .
west brom have signed midfielder anders lindegaard from manchester united on a two - year deal .
defending champions juventus moved to within four points of serie a leaders juventus with a win over genoa on sunday .
tiger woods says he is ` ` looking forward '' to becoming a five - year - old ryder cup captain .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has lost a high court battle to overturn a student 's claim he was on duty .
police in england and wales are considering changing the law to stop and search people for weapons , bbc newsnight has learned .
bristol city midfielder narendra modoul will miss the rest of the season with a groin injury .
the husband of a british woman detained in iran for five years has accused the government of violating national security laws .
tyson fury produced an impressive performance to beat wladimir klitschko and claim the vacant wba super - middleweight title .
a man has died after falling into the sea off the gwynedd coast , the rnli has said .
widnes vikings went top of the super league table with a comfortable victory over castleford tigers .
a man has died following a three - vehicle crash on the a470 in powys .
the conservatives have accused labour of ` ` disastrous '' gp surgeries in england and wales of ` ` failing '' .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 22-year - old man was stabbed to death in his home in pembrokeshire .
farmers in wales are being urged to join up with milk producers in a bid to save the industry 's future .
the family of a man who went missing in peru say they have contacted the foreign office over his disappearance .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of pakistan woman nadine shahid in pakistan .
a family who lost their jobs when they tried to cover up their ashes at a crematorium have been sacked .
plans to transform a historic hippodrome into an arts centre in the south atlantic have been revealed .
a group of crew members have been taken to hospital after their boat capsized off portaferry .
red bull have won the australian grand prix for the first time this year , but they will not be the best team in the world .
in the wake of the news that taiwan should become independent in all forms of china , the bbc 's geeta pande looks at how the country is governed .
the number of assaults on prison staff in england and wales has risen by more than a third since 2010 , figures show .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
sam allardyce says england 's women 's football association has been ` ` a great shame '' after failing to reach the olympics .
an ex - employer who bought more than # 100,000 from a car parts company has been jailed .
a singapore museum has returned a bronze sculpture stolen from a hindu temple in the south indian city of chennai .
the world anti - doping agency has called for ` ` no - notice '' athletes who failed drugs tests in rio .
police in the south - west of england have arrested at least 15 people on suspicion of rioting in the country .
former israeli prime minister ehud olmert has been sentenced to seven years in prison for corruption .
the family of a british man who went missing in the french riviera say they have been ` ` kept in the dark '' .
belgian police say they have foiled a series of raids on suspected islamist militants linked to the paris attacks .
former england head coach mark robinson says he is ` ` disappointed '' by the departure of steve borthwick .
a teenager who fell off a cliff in brighton died from ` ` multiple traumatic injuries '' , an inquest has heard .
the new world 's first ` ` earth - like '' star has been identified by nasa .
plans to increase the number of journeys on cardiff 's roads have been unveiled by the city council .
a ferry has collided with a pier in the isle of man , causing disruption to services between the island and the uk .
the government has agreed to take 3,000 lone child refugees from syria to europe by 2020 .
in the wake of the disappearance of a seven - year - old boy in shinzo , japan 's people have been talking about their child 's disappearance .
the funeral of constable philip kerr , who was killed in a bomb attack in county tyrone , has taken place .
jockey ap mccoy said he is ` ` very lucky '' to be alive after winning the 2016 cheltenham festival .
the family of alan kurdi , who drowned in a boat accident in turkey last month , has been jailed for five years .
former world number one luke donald says he was ` ` lucky '' to continue playing golf for a living .
brendan rodgers and brendan rodgers have been named as the new manager of celtic , according to the club 's chairman .
a man 's body has been found in a burned - out car in birmingham , police said .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for an inquiry into the grenfell tower fire ` ` failing to learn all the lessons '' .
police in england and wales are failing to provide appropriate adults with vulnerable adults , a report has found .
the mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has paid tribute to his ` ` wonderful son '' who was ` ` always in life '' .
` ` modern football '' is one of the greatest challenges in the football world - and it 's all the same .
the number of eu workers in the uk has risen by more than a third since 2010 , official figures show .
defending champion andy murray beat italian fabio fognini to reach the fourth round of the italian open .
division two leaders essex and glamorgan have both reached the quarter - finals of the t20 blast .
india completed a 3 - 0 series victory over south africa in the second test in mumbai to level the series .
human remains found in peterborough 's medieval cemetery have been exhumed as part of an archaeological dig .
laura robson 's return to the world 's top 100 ended in an unspectacular day .
brian cookson says he is ` ` not trying to dodge any responsibility '' for british cycling 's governing body .
the bbc 's imran popal machine , the man who founded afghanistan 's first post - war communist - war regime , has been found in his home in afghanistan .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a murder investigation is under way after a man 's body was found at a house in cambridgeshire .
a 13-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car .
a care home in cornwall has been rated inadequate by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
the world 's biggest cheetahs has been shot dead in south africa , according to conservationists .
the number of coca - growing areas in colombia has risen by more than a third in 2016 , according to a un report .
a cat has been reunited with his owner after he went missing from his home for nearly a year .
blackburn rovers reached the fa cup quarter - finals for the first time since 2007 with victory over arsenal .
patients at a cardiff hospital are being urged to stay away from hospital because of the norovirus virus .
two kilcoo players have been suspended by the ulster council over allegations they racially abused a black player .
the use of illegal head - down restraints on planes is ` ` shocking '' , mps have said .
heavy snow has caused travel chaos in parts of england , with thousands of people stuck on the runway .
west ham 's hopes of reaching the efl cup quarter - finals were dented as they were held to a draw by cheltenham .
west ham have signed striker marvin emenike from turkish side besiktas for an undisclosed fee .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in glasgow .
scientists have developed a new genetic code recorder that can track the history of the body 's cells .
the closure of a section of the main rail line in south - east england is due to take place in may .
former valencia boss pako ayestaran says he was offered the job to replace gary neville as assistant manager .
the family of a australian woman who was arrested in colombia on suspicion of drug trafficking say they have been sent home .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi john terry looks at the challenges faced by her business .
newsround is looking at what you think about what you ' ve heard in newsround .
the miami marlins pitcher jose fernandez has become the first player in the united states to win a national league title .
a legal challenge has been reserved in a high court battle over plans to run overhead cables in denbighshire .
turkey has sacked more than 1,000 military personnel since last month 's failed coup in july .
ben carson 's stoppage - time equaliser earned hartlepool a 0 - 0 draw with portsmouth .
small businesses in scotland need to invest in digital skills , according to a new report from the bank of scotland .
the government is to hold a series of strikes on the government 's coastguard and coastguard services .
it 's another busy week in the world of entertainment and entertainment - and how do you know what happened ?
the family of the late peer lord janner has accused the independent inquiry into historical child sex abuse in england and wales .
johanna konta says she is a ` ` tri - citizen '' who is a british tennis player .
facebook has been accused of breaching european data protection laws by failing to meet its own privacy laws .
police are continuing to investigate the deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in glasgow .
the uk 's economy grew at its weakest pace since 2009 , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
sports direct owner mike ashley has accused mps of ` ` devising '' his stance on working conditions .
a collection of vintage film memorabilia from film - maker lord attenborough has gone up for sale .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in londonderry to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of the city .
scotland 's russell knox says he is looking forward to a ` ` great insider '' at the masters .
the european union has set out a plan aimed at dealing with the migrant crisis in turkey , which aims to bring back syrian refugees .
work to improve safety for the busiest section of the m8 in scotland has reached a ` ` crucial point '' , according to transport scotland .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has defended his comments on osama bin laden as an ` ` assassination attempt '' .
the most distant object ever seen in our solar system has been discovered , us scientists have confirmed on monday .
police in italy say they have arrested 19 people suspected of masterminding an international drug trafficking ring .
an anti - povert has been pulled by a health charity after it accused people of wearing masks .
a former homeless man who became homeless in the uk has been recognised in the new year honours list .
swansea city 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the premier league were dented as they lost to crystal palace .
a # 1bn plan to build hundreds of new homes in manchester has been unveiled by the city council .
new zealand retained the four nations title with a thrilling victory over england at anfield in anfield .
a woman has died after her car left four people injured in a crash in sheffield , police said .
millions of people in the uk are being urged to register to vote in the eu referendum on thursday .
former bbc watchdog correspondent liz raworth has been added to the line - up for the bbc 's new series .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a pensioner who was stabbed to death in west sussex .
britain 's chris froome retained his criterium du dauphine title with victory in the penultimate stage .
turkey 's president has accused the turkish president of being a ` ` nazi practice '' in germany .
a convicted robber who spent more than 30 years in prison has said he is ` ` fighting to his grave '' .
anthony joshua is ` ` very fit and committed '' , according to former world champion dean harrison .
the republic of ireland 's citizens ' assembly has voted in favour of a referendum on abortions .
turkey says it has carried out an attack on a wedding party in north - eastern syria .
scotland 's economy is ` ` good news '' , according to the scottish chambers of commerce .
wladimir klitschko is the ` ` perfect time '' for anthony joshua , according to former world champion lennox lewis .
a plan to plant plant plant a biofuel in the middle of the world could be ` ` overwhelming '' , according to german scientists .
nico rosberg pipped ferrari 's sebastian vettel to pole position at the spanish grand prix .
a candid letter written by the princess of wales has sold for # 1,200 at auction .
wales has the lowest available 4 g service in the uk , according to a report from ofcom .
a new road linking cardiff and the east of the city centre will open on thursday , the welsh government has announced .
leicestershire 's heritage lottery fund has said it is ` ` very disappointing '' that a heritage museum is in danger of closing .
world number two bernard tomic says he will not be bothered by his ` ` disrespectful '' loss to alexander zverev .
the former governor of the canadian city of montreal has died at the age of 89 .   's ` ` lord ''
the bbc news school report website gives you comprehensive details of how schools are performing in england and wales .
the scottish liberal democrats will be holding an interview with the party 's former leader in aberdeenshire .
the future of wild ponies on dartmoor is ` ` in real danger '' , a conservation group has said .
more than 1,000 palestinian militants have been killed in the latest un - led mission to the gaza strip .
a belfast teenager who was diagnosed with cancer has been photographed in a christmas billboard in his home town .
police are appealing for the public to be vigilant after a drugs factory was raided in west belfast .
plans to build a new wildlife centre in nottinghamshire have been unveiled by a conservation charity and conservation charity .
a woman has told a court she was raped by a man as she walked through the meadows in edinburgh .
the world 's most generous donor countries have not given enough money , according to oxfam .
fifa president michel platini will face an appeal over his suspension from football 's world governing body conmebol .
league two side southend united have signed charlton athletic striker jay daston on a two - year contract .
british snowboarder sascha cheshire has qualified for the final of the world cup ski slopestyle in california .
colombia 's largest rebel group , the farc , has announced it will create a ` ` civilian observers '' for the first time .
the queen 's speech will be published on wednesday , as part of a package of measures announced by parliament .
a health trust has pleaded guilty to breaching health regulations after a patient fell from a roof at a mental health unit .
a dispute over pay and conditions at a waste recycling plant in bath is set to start in september .
manchester united midfielder luke shaw has been named in the england squad for the pre - season tour of the united states .
` ` we ' ve got a bit of a bit like a bit too , '' said the chancellor george osborne 's budget .
a sinn [ UNK ] councillor has accused jeremy corbyn of trying to ` ` silence '' him from his family .
northern ireland 's manufacturing and retail sales are at their highest level since the brexit vote , according to the ulster bank .
a ukip councillor who was suspended from the party in northern ireland has been expelled from his party .
prime minister theresa may has promised an ` ` immediate response '' to the grenfell tower fire .
a man has died after being attacked outside a shop in denbighshire , police have said .
a # 10 m project to reopen bristol 's museum has been completed by the city council .
the us says it has been ` ` inundated '' with the threat posed by the paris attacks .
former chelsea captain john terry says he has ` ` learned too much to give '' his future .
a man who killed a pensioner in a ` ` violent and unprovoked '' attack has been jailed for nine years .
leyton orient 's league two play - off hopes were dealt a blow as jack marriott 's goal gave them victory .
the first match of a major league baseball match in the us city of baltimore has been closed for the first time since the death of a black man .
a man has been charged with attempting to smuggle drugs into a prison , including drugs , drugs and drugs into the midlands .
a woman who was seriously injured in a head - on crash which killed a woman has been jailed .
eight of scotland 's biggest councils have been given the power to invest # 500 m in infrastructure projects .
nfl quarterback roman polamalu has announced he will retire from football at the end of the season .
a man has become the first british man to win the world 's strongest man of the year .
an augmented reality app has been launched in llandudno to celebrate the links to the famous alice in wonderland story .
it 's the birth of a baby in the us , but it 's not everyone everyone talking about it .
a man who was injured in the iraq war has been awarded a victoria derbyshire medal for his bravery .
the archbishop of canterbury rowan williams has urged older people to take up religious education -lrb- re -rrb- .
california 's seaworld wildlife park has been banned from breeding and breeding at its san diego park .
former world champion sergio henao has been suspended from cycling for two years after failing a drugs test .
rangers midfielder joey barton will return to full - time training after a disciplinary panel ruled him out of full - time training .
engineering work has begun on one of the world 's fastest train operators , the operator has said .
wales under-20 ended their world cup campaign with a hard - fought victory over italy in rome .
two years ago , 19-year - old magda tilli was born in lisbon , when his wife and son miguel tilli started their own company .
six people have been arrested in connection with disorder at a match between a football club and a football fan .
wimbledon 's davis cup quarter - final against john lewis is to be postponed on sunday because of a ` ` massive fault '' at the centre court .
a bid to buy a former car park site in cardigan has been called off by a council .
a 12-year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in north lanarkshire .
the hubble space telescope has been given the go - ahead by the us space agency -lrb- jwst -rrb- .
the european union 's chief brexit negotiator will be at this year 's summit in brussels .
` ` i ' ve ever been married , '' said one of the most famous couples in hollywood .
the former boss of rabobank , the world 's biggest bank , has pleaded guilty to attempting to rig the global libor rate .
people with severe liver problems could be able to repair their organ , according to a study in edinburgh .
conwyn bay united have sacked manager gavin lynch after just one season in charge of the national league club .
the international olympic committee -lrb- aiba -rrb- has been given a reprimand for breaching international rules on betting rules .
plans to demolish a grade ii - listed luxury hotel in dorset have been approved by councillors .
brazil 's former military ruler , dilma rousseff , was once the most powerful country in latin america .
a man has admitted killing his wife in a ` ` stabbing rampage '' at their home in glasgow .
the colombian government has declared a state of emergency after a landslide killed at least 19 people on sunday .
a large fire has broken out at an industrial estate in kent , causing extensive damage to the building .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has appointed christina rees as the shadow welsh secretary , the party has announced .
mae dau filwr yn cawson wedi cael eu bod yn yn ymchwiliad ar [ UNK ] yn yn cawson neu syddiad yn yn yn ymchyddiad yn ymchwiliad yn cawson .
hundreds of people have taken part in a rescue effort after a fire at a dogs ' home in greater manchester .
the head of the us intelligence community has denied that president barack obama and his aides have been exposed .
a man with a rare type of bowel disease has said he is ` ` really ill '' after having surgery .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the brutal conflict in south sudan .
indian e - commerce giant flipkart is set to become the world 's biggest online retailer .
hungary 's finance minister beatrix szijjarto has said he will not backtrack any eu sanctions against hungary .
an archaeological dig at a remote galloway fort has uncovered the remains of the ` ` lost dark age kingdom '' .
a man has been fined for the manslaughter of a polish man who fell from a warehouse roof .
a rare egyptian goose has been found in a box at a nottinghamshire nature reserve , conservationists have said .
wales hooker ken owens says ospreys are ` ` back in the winning groove '' after their poor start to the season .
an anti - virus software developed by a leading security company has been used to target home routers .
in 1945 , the world woke up to the news that iran had developed a nuclear weapon in world war two .
scientists have decommissioned the ` ` great nervous system '' of arthropod .
the 2016 olympic games will take place in rio de janeiro on sunday , with the opening ceremony of the games .
the metropolitan opera will not broadcast an opera about the death of a palestinian passenger in the mediterranean sea 30 years ago .
port vale manager bruno ribeiro has left the league one club by mutual consent , with three other players leaving the club .
a new generation of silicon - based computers could be built in the lab , according to scientists .
mclaren are ` ` not good enough '' to win the world championship , according to boullier .
sir roger moore 's new film is to be premiered in london for the first time in his life .
the results of the scottish independence referendum have moved a step closer , according to the scotsman newspaper .
spanish singer iglesias has suffered a ` ` broken '' hand during a concert in mexico .
the price of petrol in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since 2001 , according to new figures .
the planned garden bridge project in east london will cost the taxpayer # 46.4 m , an independent review has found .
more than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in south africa , a local newspaper says .
ex - england boss billy davies says he would like to finish the job of nottingham forest as manager .
a group of people have taken part in a protest against the welsh language after a demonstration in wrexham .
adebayo akinfenwa 's late equaliser earned wycombe a draw at morecambe .
the number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in the uk has increased sharply , according to new research .
sse has decided not to scrap plans for an upgraded electricity line linking the highlands and the highlands .
the prime minister has pledged to build a new stadium in truro and falmouth in cornwall .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the dollar surged against the dollar on friday , as the price of the us dollar surged .
a report into ` ` trojan horse '' schools in birmingham has found evidence of ` ` serious malpractice '' in the city .
tributes have been paid to renowned welsh artist gwilym williams , who has died at the age of 84 .
great britain 's andy lewis and sam cutts won gold at the world athletics championships in london .
thousands of people in the republic of ireland have taken part in an anti - austerity campaign .
napoli striker gonzalo higuain has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct .
league two side crewe alexandra have signed scunthorpe united defender kevin nolan on a two - year deal .
friends of the earth has launched a petition calling for the european union to end the trade deal between canada and canada .
peterborough united have signed midfielder ryan lloyd from peterborough united for an undisclosed fee on a three - year deal .
division two leaders essex put themselves in a strong position on day two against leicestershire at chelmsford .
a man who died after being hit by a car in south - west london has been named by police .
work has begun on a # 10 m revamp of swansea 's university 's research centre .
liberal democrat leader tim farron has said he is ` ` absolutely in favour '' the equality bill .
league one play - off chasers bury came from behind to beat league one strugglers millwall .
a man wanted in connection with a police arrest in melbourne has been arrested on suspicion of ` ` mugshot '' .
the number of people who live in care homes in england is at its highest level since 2010 , a report says .
an ardoyne worker who was made redundant from her job as a result of disability discrimination has been struck off .
neymar scored the only goal of the game as barcelona beat la liga leaders sevilla in la liga .
two brothers who lost their legal battle with the bank of ireland are to be offered a financial settlement .
one of the uk 's most senior cabinet ministers has joined the campaign to leave the european union .
the owner of a funeral home in the us state of mississippi is suing the company that handles gay people .
jellyfish have been spotted on a beach on anglesey , prompting a warning for swimmers to do not touch .
a museum celebrating 20 years since the closure of suffolk 's only international airport is to be held .
firefighters in hampshire have set a new world record for the largest naan ever cooked in the uk .
the captain of one of italy 's most famous cruise ship costa concordia is to appeal against his conviction .
three ` ` musketeers '' have been presented with an award for their bravery after a thief was robbed at knifepoint .
concerns have been raised about the future of s4c 's new creative hub in swansea bay .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a fight outside a fast food outlet in melbourne .
a us company has announced that it is to launch a ` ` generic '' alternative to epipen .
renowned italian playwright dario fo has died at the age of 89 , his family has announced . .
a primary school that was forced to close for two days will reopen next week , a council has said .
at least 13 people have been killed in two separate explosions in the afghan capital , kabul , officials say .
plans for a hydro energy scheme in snowdonia have been abandoned after the company said it had withdrawn .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a feral cat in a denbighshire kitchen .
ken morley has been reported to be the subject of a series of complaints about his dad 's behaviour .
gianfranco zola 's late equaliser earned birmingham city a hard - fought victory over birmingham city .
the use of contactless card technology in the uk has more than doubled in the last year , figures show .
a mother accused of killing her two - year - old son in a bath said she was ` ` stupid '' for not going into the bath .
a ukip councillor has resigned after posting offensive messages on facebook about israel 's president barack obama .
glamorgan have announced a new schedule for their t20 blast quarter - final against sussex and sussex .
mobile operators in england and wales could face fines of up to # 2 m a year if they fail to meet their demands .
a paramedic who wrote ` ` offensive and derogatory '' comments on facebook has been struck off .
a community - owned pub in a hampshire village is to be run as a free house after it was put up for sale .
a hiker who died after falling into a lake in the czech republic said she was ` ` ecstatic '' to be alive .
a west lothian teenager who was diagnosed with cancer has died in hospital .s family has said .
all photographs courtesy courtesy courtesy dronestagram , the bbc 's steve allen , and facebook page page .
the 70th anniversary of world war two has been marked by the war two battle of ww1 .
a senior conservative activist has denied reports of bullying within the party 's youth wing were ` ` wholly ignored '' .
the uk 's biggest maker , lenovo , has removed software from its preloads of new consumer computers .
league one side rochdale have signed defender keith hill on a season - long loan deal from premier league side rochdale .
former american football star chastain will donate her brain to a us university to help research into the effects of concussion .
a northern ireland campaigner has won a legal challenge to the uk government 's decision to leave the eu .
the national living wage in london is set to rise by # 5.30 an hour from april 2016 .
bradford 's hopes of reaching the league one play - offs were dented as they drew with oldham .
six men and a woman have been arrested in connection with a crackdown on domestic abuse in football .
mps in the house of lords will vote on changes to the way english votes , the commons has announced .
four men have been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty on a cliff in the isle of skye .
sky has confirmed it has reached a deal to buy a 61 % stake in the sky group , the company has confirmed .
firefighters have tackled a ` ` very small '' fire on the set of bbc soap opera eastenders .
the former head of the irish language broadcaster , [ UNK ] [ UNK ] [ UNK ] , has died at the age of 89 .
a candidate in argentina 's presidential election has won the first round of the country 's electoral council .
david cameron has urged turkey to do more to stop people travelling to syria and fight for islamic state .
the world 's biggest game of legends -lrb- skt -rrb- has won the league of legends tournament of legends .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been arrested in st petersburg for an unauthorised protest .
a court in saudi arabia has charged 32 people with terrorism offences , including senior shia cleric nimr al - nimr al - nimr al - nimr .
a bike hire scheme which has been launched in oxfordshire for the first time in two years has been scrapped .
the east yorkshire ambulance service -lrb- emas -rrb- has been told it must improve after a shortage of emergency vehicles .
plans to dismantle part of cardiff 's grade i360 pier have been given the go - ahead .
more than 2,000 people have taken part in an operation to prevent flooding in west yorkshire .
too many school pupils are being ` ` gaming the system '' , a senior civil servant has said .
the rugby football union 's chief medical officer has called for an increase in the number of injuries to children .
an exhibition of paintings by caravaggio has opened at edinburgh 's scottish national gallery in edinburgh .
a team of six schoolgirls from the united states have won an international team of amazing achievement .
the church of england is a ` ` catastrophe '' when it became the first woman bishop in the world .
two british pupils accused of stealing artefacts from the auschwitz death camp in poland have been found by police .
two - time wimbledon champion petra kvitova is through to the quarter - finals of the monterrey open in mexico .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones leading the nasdaq index higher .
scott draper 's hat - trick helped forfar athletic into the scottish cup quarter - finals with victory over forfar athletic .
a group of bear - like bears have captured a moment at a safari park in south - west africa .
channel 4 has closed its polling day for the general election on 8 may , in an effort to boost turnout .
ukip am nathan gill should ` ` fulfil his commitment '' to his role as an mep , a ukip am has said .
science lessons in wales are ` ` well - motivated '' in science , according to the education watchdog estyn .
german carmaker bmw has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first time since the start of 2015 .
an early copy of a roman gold coin made in france has been declared treasure by a coroner in norfolk .
women 's super rugby has been dropped by the rugby football union for the first time in 25 years .
actress erin carr , best known for her role in the sound of music , has died at the age of 97 .
the european commission president , jean - claude juncker , has admitted he is ` ` politically responsible '' for tax evasion .
east dunbartonshire council has said it is ` ` disappointed '' the scottish government 's plans to close a new primary school .
a man 's body has been found in a house fire in east sussex , police have said .
the world 's biggest sporting organisation is launching a live television channel in china , with the launch of a new streaming service .
first minister nicola sturgeon has praised plaid cymru leader leanne wood as ` ` a true star quality '' .
ex - bbc star grant gilmour has failed in his bid to overturn a six - month prison sentence for violent disorder .
a man who took a legal case against a paedophile in northern ireland has been ordered to remove an explicit facebook page .
a ` ` spelling error '' on a tram stop in nottingham has been blamed for a spelling error .
a former spy who wrote the first day of the us presidential campaign has made a fresh appeal for information .
a motorcyclist has been fined for causing the death of a motorcyclist in a crash in gwynedd .
a world war two veteran has been presented with medals at a ceremony in recognition of the ` ` worst journey on earth '' .
schoolchildren in australia have been invited to design their designs for national parks and national parks in the country .
jamaica 's usain bolt has accused athletics officials of ` ` fishy '' after he was denied entry to the world championships .
a golf course has offered to pay [ UNK ] # 16,000 to repair a hole caused by heavy rain .
league two side blackpool have signed former york city defender dean whitehead on a two - year deal . .
bournemouth manager eddie howe has signed a new three - and - a - half - year contract .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
uefa has fined england and russia $ 10,000 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 13,000 -rrb- after violence broke out at the stade velodrome in marseille .
belfast 's high quality a property market is at its lowest level for five years , according to property agents .
middlesbrough 's hopes of reaching the championship play - offs were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by ipswich .
the uk government has said it is ` ` delighted '' that a regional patent court will be created in scotland .
taxi - booking technology developed in japan is set to become the world 's smallest flying car maker .
north korea 's supreme court has sentenced a former us citizen to life in prison for masterminding the overthrow of the communist state .
former scarlets chief executive jonathan davies says he wants to see the region 's ` ` best players '' in wales .
italy 's padraig molinari won his first european tour title with a play - off victory over italy 's paul dunne .
the director of the biopic 12 years a slave has topped the us box office for the first time .
ulster 's tommy bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
laser beams are to be used to assess the impact of climate change on wales ' most important islands .
scotland prop lewis hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby union after nine years in the squad . .
how do you identify the most important moments of the game , and how do it take to create ?
a football fan who threatened to cut his throat with a broken corkscrew has appeared in court .
a cat has been stabbed to death in a ` ` shocking and completely senseless '' knife attack .
teachers in the uk are worse off than their peers , according to a report from the oecd .
super league 's bottom club halifax came from behind to beat featherstone and reach the challenge cup quarter - finals .
women who are overweight or obese will be able to reduce their risk of dying from cancer , according to a new study .
west ham fans have voted in favour of the women 's team 's football match at upton park .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a 19-year - old was killed in a crash .
engineers in the us have created an algorithm that can reconsider the severity of a robot 's injuries .
cardiff university has apologised after a report into alleged ` ` offensive '' abuse at students .
artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- is a long time for artificial intelligence research .
property prices in china 's top cities have hit a new high , with property prices rising sharply .
football fans may have to sell on tickets to other clubs , according to the football federation -lrb- fsf -rrb- .
turkish police say they have seized life jackets worth more than # 10 m -lrb- $ 13 m -rrb- and seized from a boat in the mediterranean .
india 's maria sharapova has been talking about the moment she was playing in the indian premier league on sunday .
australia 's prime minister tony abbott has been sworn in as prime minister after his resignation from the liberal party .
switzerland striker mehmedi says lionel messi 's record - equalling form is not all about lionel messi .
northern ireland striker conor washington says he has been ` ` lucky '' to be alive after scoring his first international goal for northern ireland .
argentina 's president has won the first round of the country 's presidential election , exit polls have confirmed .
dawid malan hit an unbeaten century as england beat south africa by seven wickets in the first twenty20 international in cape town .
an inquiry into the death of a boy who was hit by a gravestone in glasgow has been opened .
a northern ireland man has become the latest in a series of tongue - in - cheek comments on twitter .
the iraqi army says it has carried out a series of air strikes against islamic state militants in the city of falluja .
a woman with a rare form of chronic fatigue syndrome is to get her wedding next year , her family has said .
a man who was jailed for the murder of a man in his home has had his jail term increased .
inverness caledonian thistle moved up to fourth in the scottish premiership with a hard - fought victory over hamilton academical .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he would refuse to vote against uk air strikes in syria .
engineering firm vert rotors in edinburgh has secured a multi - million pound investment from a us investment .
an illinois man who was convicted of shooting dead a friend 22 years ago has been released from prison .
us president barack obama has visited bob marley 's former home in jamaica as he visited the country 's museum .
the family of a british backpacker missing in vietnam say they have been ` ` very humbled '' by the foreign office .
northants ' hopes of reaching the division two play - offs were dented as they drew with sussex at hove .
a man 's body has been found at the bottom of a canal in bedfordshire , police said .
the head of bahrain 's main opposition group says the government is ready for a ` ` constitutional monarchy '' .
a teacher at a gwynedd school has been struck off after sending ` ` inappropriate '' text messages .
the uk will leave the european union -lrb- wto -rrb- when it comes to trade with other member countries .
jk rowling 's harry potter spin - off film has topped the us and ireland box office chart for the first time .
theresa may has said the uk is going to be ` ` tough '' in brexit negotiations .
police are investigating reports of historical child sex abuse in football in england and wales , the bbc has learned .
a man accused of encouraging terrorism and supporting the ira has been granted bail by a judge in county donegal .
the pakistani authorities have ordered an arrest warrant for an afghan woman who has been accused of defrauding the country .
hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper darren marciano on a two - year contract . .
a man who tried to ` ` calm down '' a mosque in dundee has been jailed for six months .
warwickshire have announced that former england captain dougie brown is to step down from his position as director of cricket .
scotrail has accused the scottish government of ` ` shambolic '' over its plans to cut services .
bill and melinda gates , the founder of microsoft , has given away half of his wealth to charity .
scottish labour leader owen smith has urged the european union to ` ` not let you down '' .
a 55-year - old woman has been seriously injured in a bus crash in east lothian .
a grandmother who was left with a ` ` butchered and butchered '' gap in her teeth says she has been ` ` beaten and robbed of her life savings '' .
a labour am has accused the welsh government of wasting # 50,000 on a metro project .
the scottish government has accused the conservatives of ` ` failing to blame itself '' for their ` ` failure to take responsibility '' for schools in england .
taylor swift 's lookalike says she 's ` ` shocked and in shock '' after the picture of her .
it was once the world 's longest - running canal , the swansea canal society 's history was once once described as the ` ` most important '' of its history .
doncaster rovers manager jay saunders says the club 's top scorer paul diouf has denied reports he was in a nightclub .
the number of new cars sold by vw group has fallen to its lowest level since the emissions scandal .
mclaren are in talks to replace ron dennis as their new head of formula 1 , bbc sport has learned .
an international team of researchers has uncovered more than 1,000 archaeological sites in egypt , using satellite imagery .
it 's the january signings that have been the best january signing in the premier league , but the january transfer window has already come to an end .
campaigners have welcomed a decision to award a contract to extend the borders railway through hawick and carlisle .
spanish police chief rodolfo palomino has announced he will be investigated over allegations of sexual abuse by senior officers .
a muslim school has been accused of breaching the equality act by refusing to wear headscarves .
the uk 's biggest mortgage lender , nationwide , has reported a fall in first quarter profits .
it 's one of the best - known easter eggs in the uk , but it 's not just how good it is .
it 's one of the great british bake off contestants , but how do you think about baking ?
a 24-hour strike by london bus drivers planned for monday has been called off by the transport union .
glamorgan have signed middlesex seamer harry podmore on loan until the end of the season , subject to back surgery .
an independent review into the issue of postal votes at the general election has concluded there was ` ` no sign '' in the process .
ben miller 's second - half equaliser earned wolves a point at molineux to move them up to fourth in the championship .
former staff at a kennel in devon say they are ` ` too dangerous to get out '' .
gareth bale says wales are ` ` focused '' on sunday 's euro 2016 qualifier against israel .
hundreds of workers at tata 's shotton steel plant could lose their jobs , a union has warned .
a man in sydney has been detained in hospital after allegedly making threats to kill himself , police say .
three dundee students have created a ` ` virtual bag '' which allows people to put it down .
google street view has captured the first images of the world 's longest canal network using a new technology technology .
a 52-year - old man who was involved in a ` ` crazy '' drugs plot has been jailed .
republican governor william jindal has accused the conservatives of making ` ` weird noises '' in his speech on the eve of the election campaign .
young people in england are being let down by poor mental health and well - being , according to a new report .
a teenager has pleaded guilty to hacking into the mumsnet homepage of parenting site mumsnet .
cardiff blues secured a european challenge cup quarter - final with a hard - fought victory over gloucester .
an advert has been advert for the sale of a former hospital site in denbighshire .
plans to devolve control of fracking in wales have been scrapped , the welsh government has said .
the number of people claiming compensation for delays on the southern rail network has almost trebled in the last three years , the industry has said .
rb leipzig went top of the bundesliga as they beat hoffenheim 2 - 1 in the bundesliga .
scotland 's vote to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has been a major blow for the scottish government .
a russian woman says she is ` ` nauseous '' and ` ` nauseousous '' .
alexandre maicon scored twice as chelsea came from behind to beat 10-man porto and reach the europa league quarter - finals .
people from romania and bulgaria could be allowed to live in the uk under new eu laws , the bbc understands .
former nigeria state governor james ibori has failed in his bid to win # 57,000 in damages from the home office .
an australian teenager has appeared in court charged with aiding the murder of an australian police worker in a terror attack .
micho jakupovic scored a stunning winner as hull city came from behind to draw with hull city .
south africa 's economy is in ` ` crisis '' , finance minister gordhan has said .
wakefield came from behind to beat catalans dragons and move into the super league play - off places .
a woman in her 60s has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at a shop in antrim .
ben denton scored the only goal of the game as leeds united beat luton town in the efl cup first round .
the statue of liberty in the us has been destroyed by a suspicious package on the site of a statue on the island of ellis island .
the united nations has called for an end to ` ` abuse '' by myanmar 's security forces .
alan curtis is one of swansea city 's best - known players , who has been in charge of the premier league .
the family of a 16-year - old boy who died after collapsing during a football match have said they have ` ` no choice '' to pursue justice for his son .
a driver who tried to stop a police chase during a high - speed chase has been jailed .
deputy first minister martin mcguinness is to visit belgium to commemorate the centenary of the battle of the somme .
the family of a teacher who was stabbed to death by a pupil at a leeds boarding school have said they are seeking an independent inquiry .
a royal marine from northern ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences in connection with an arms dump .
the speaker of the house of representatives , john boehner , has announced he is quitting congress .
plans to build a hydro power station in snowdonia have been criticised after a project was scrapped .
a former welsh conservative mep has been named the most popular figure in the european parliament in wales .
in the wake of the news that the greek prime minister alexis tsipras is in the midst of an austerity crisis .
hollywood actress angelina jolie is to write a new film about africa 's elephant poachers .
plaid cymru has won the general election in wales , with the conservatives winning all the seats .
kilmarnock have signed ryan waters from scottish premiership rivals alloa athletic for an undisclosed fee .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed southampton striker jonathan gape on a season - long loan deal .
three men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply a drug worth # 20 m to a drug dealer .
the northern powerhouse is set to become a ` ` powerhouse '' in cheshire , with the north east and west being left behind .
the head of brazil 's state oil giant , petrobras , has been arrested in connection with a corruption scandal .
britain 's charlie sturm retained his wba middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over joseph macklin in sheffield .
a 21-year - old man has described the ` ` horrific '' moments of the manchester arena attack .
a lake district judge in the us state of new york has charged a drink - driving driver with manslaughter .
striker alex danson has been named in the great britain squad for the eurohockey championships in the netherlands .
middlesbrough are not in a rush to stay in the premier league , according to head coach aitor karanka .
aston villa are ` ` helpless '' to make a bid for winger gueye , bbc radio manchester reports .
the us secret service has been heavily criticised for failing to meet its staff and staff , a review has found .
spanish health giant fosun has made a takeover bid for the spanish healthcare diagnostics business , which it says is the biggest deal in europe .
an exhibition celebrating the life of children in the city of liverpool has opened at the national museum of liverpool .
sri lanka beat australia by five wickets in the first test in colombo to take a 2 - 0 series victory .
a judge in argentina has ordered the seizure of five oil firms in the disputed falkland islands in the south atlantic .
when cristian cucumbers in a park in the south american city of boca , he is looking to grow his cannabis .
five russian military personnel have been awarded the russian military honour for their service in syria , the kremlin has said .
former coronation street actress tracy bracknell has launched a campaign to raise money for lung cancer treatment in germany .
canadian prime minister stephen harper has called for a change in the country 's housing market to allow foreign buyers to buy new homes .
a 12-year - old girl has died after being hit by an elephant at a zoo in morocco .
at least 13 people have died in floods in india 's western state of gujarat , officials say .
a teacher accused of sexually assaulting his pregnant girlfriend told her he was ` ` too young to have an abortion '' , a court has heard .
the closure of a new chain ferry in cowes is to be extended until july , the council has said .
a 21-year - old man has been treated in hospital after he was attacked on the platform at aberdeen university .
fast bowler liam livingstone has been named in england 's squad for the first test against south africa .
president barack obama has urged the us to ` ` make america great again '' after a spate of chemical weapons attacks in syria .
ireland pair johnny sexton and john o'brien have been ruled out of saturday 's six nations match against scotland .
the leader of france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- party has said he is ` ` worried '' about the future of the eu .
a 21-year - old man has appeared in court charged with two counts of causing the deaths of two people by dangerous driving .
clare howe was a member of staff at the age of 11 when she was born in the united states .
taylor swift 's management company has been accused of being ` ` exploited '' by apple music for free .
the health of babies born to overweight mothers is worse than previously thought , according to new research .
china 's ruling communist party has banned a controversial documentary about pollution in the country 's parliament .
shares in construction and construction and property firm hay have risen sharply after the uk voted to leave the european union .
a charity set up to encourage more people to use the countryside has received a # 500,000 government grant .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
manchester united have agreed a deal to sign winger bailly from villarreal for an undisclosed fee .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
at least eight people have been injured in an explosion at etna volcano in italy 's etna province .
social media giant twitter has announced that it will make it easier for people to share their own videos .
the death of a 21-year - old man who fell to his death in a lift hoist at a hospital in lincolnshire was a ` ` serious accident '' , a court has heard .
a british soldier accused of murdering a us soldier in iraq was ` ` directly involved '' in making bombs , a court has heard .
an ` ` extremely important '' world war two message has been auctioned for the first time .
portsmouth captain amine linganzi has signed a new three - year contract with the league two club .
north korea has test - fired a ballistic missile , the us has said , the first such test in its history .
the nigerian military says it has abducted about 200 schoolgirls from the north - eastern city of borno .
a pair of gentoo penguin eggs have hatched at bristol zoo , the zoo has said .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in a disturbance on a bus in glasgow .
a massive website has been discovered on a website in blackpool , usa , on the isle of man .
two men have been jailed for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in greater manchester .
a woman has been seriously injured after she was hit by a car in edinburgh city centre , police have said .
the us says it is ` ` not in any way '' to drop charges against an indian woman who was handcuffed and handcuffed .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham say they are ` ` more desperate '' to find him .
guinea international jean - pierre traore has announced he will retire from international football in september .
travellers have been left ` ` disgusted '' after a group of traveller caravans were forced to cancel football matches .
work to repair a sinkhole in a residential estate in hertfordshire has been completed by the county council .
scotland 's political parties are seeking to raise their tax rate by # 1.1 bn by 2020 , according to a think - tank .
head coach stefan visser says scotland will not be ` ` half - hearted '' to qualify for the world cup .
a new approach to tackle violence in cardiff is being developed by the city 's police and emergency departments .
scientists have developed a novel way to reduce the risk of sea lice infections by using chemical treatment .
when dominic thirlwell first launched his own chocolate business , he 's a recipe for chocolate .
fast bowler steven finn is back in england 's squad for the second test against australia in melbourne .
the scale of the glaciers of the french alps has fallen to its lowest level since the 1970s , according to a new study .
former england captain rio ferdinand has died after a short battle with cancer , the club has confirmed . .
mobile phone operator three has announced plans to abolish roaming charges in some countries across the world .
one of londonderry 's oldest retailers has gone into liquidation with the loss of more than 50 jobs .
the government has announced plans to privatise the uk 's green investment bank -lrb- gib -rrb- .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says the scottish premiership 's bottom - of - the - table side will be ` ` wow factor '' .
the conservatives have chosen a new assembly member to run for south wales east , the party has confirmed .
wales captain sam warburton says his side 's record - breaking win over england is a ` ` massive game '' .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel headed a ferrari one - two in final practice at the abu dhabi grand prix .
australian researchers say they have found a way to deal with the effects of brain damage after a stroke .
in the midst of a hindu temple in southern india , women have been sharing a petition calling for women to be allowed to enter their hindu temple .
a county armagh solicitor who stole more than # 250,000 from his employer has been jailed for four years .
hibernian head coach neil lennon is confident his side can reach the scottish league cup quarter - finals .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the introduction of another evening parade in north belfast .
airbus has announced a drop in delivery of its a380 planes for the first time in 20 years .
five people have been charged in connection with the hacking of yahoo 's accounts , the fbi says .
the son of nigeria 's former president goodluck jonathan has appeared in court in abuja charged with stealing arms .
a solar - powered plane has been forced to make an attempt to circumnavigate the globe by landing in japan .
a sinn [ UNK ] councillor who was subjected to a ` ` sectarian '' campaign of abuse has said she is to step down .
inverness caledonian thistle manager john hughes apologised for his side 's 2 - 2 draw with dundee .
former wales fly - half gareth jenkins says he is ` ` disappointed '' after his side 's six nations win over france .
two senior executives from an arts organisation in argyll and bute have been made redundant , it has been announced .
about 80,000 barrels a day have been affected by a leak at the north sea oil platforms .
airline jet2 must pay compensation to passengers for delays of three hours or more , a judge has ruled .
more than 90,000 cigarettes and tobacco worth thousands of pounds have been seized in raids in lincoln .
a pharmaceutical firm is to invest # 1.5 m in a newcastle - based drug factory .
a 19-year - old man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in north ayrshire .
the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has withdrawn the offer of scott williams ' national dual contract .
analysis of the chemical weapons used in the syrian city of damascus is to be conducted by the un .
wales ' euro 2016 squad have returned to wales for their first match in 16 years as they prepare to face france in june .
newport county have signed midfielder jack compton and midfielder sean rigg from league two rivals afc wimbledon . .
jeremy corbyn 's new members of the labour party have come under fire for the first time .
partick thistle have sacked a former employee at partick thistle following allegations of historical sex abuse at the club .
an east sussex nhs trust has apologised after an ` ` administrative error '' caused an appointment letter to a patient .
too many pupils in wales are not given enough support in the education system , a report has said .
former bdo world champion john kerry says he wants to return to the pdc after missing the last 16 at lakeside .
rock group radiohead have released a theme tune for the forthcoming james bond film spectre , which was released last year .
police are investigating a racist and anti - racist mural at a primary school in edinburgh in the early hours of sunday .
when it comes to getting into school in england , there is a long list of ways that will affect disabled people .
christmas day will be ` ` extra - special '' for patients and patients across england on friday .
former australian open champion martina lindahl has been given a six - month suspension for match - fixing .
bangor snowboarder ciara potter is targeting the 2018 pyeongchang 2018 winter olympics in south korea .
the government 's plan to tackle extremist extremist groups has been unveiled by the government .
essex director of cricket mark silverwood says he would be ` ` pretty special '' to bring the trophy home to nottinghamshire .
a police officer has described the ` ` chaos '' at a nightclub where two students died in a nightclub brawl .
wakefield trinity wildcats have appointed former wales boss chris chester as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
the owner of nivea , nivea , has apologised after an advert for black & white was ` ` racist '' .
england secured their place in the rugby world cup semi - finals with a comfortable victory over new zealand .
a drone has crashed into a passenger aircraft and landed near newquay airport , prompting a police investigation .
childline received a record number of calls from children in northern ireland last year , according to the charity .
the value of sterling has fallen to its lowest level since the uk voted to leave the european union .
newport county climbed to the top of the league two table with a 1 - 0 victory over mansfield .
tommy wright says he is ` ` pretty happy '' at st johnstone and that he is looking forward to his future .
three children have been rescued from a beach near weston - super - mare after getting into difficulty .
southampton came from behind to beat crystal palace and move into the efl cup fifth round with a comfortable victory .
worcester warriors hooker joe bower has extended his contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
the government 's plan to resettle 20,000 refugees in the uk is ` ` in short supply '' , the national audit office has said .
the belfast giants lost 4 - 2 to the elite league leaders on sunday night as they beat fife flyers 7 - 2 .
a plan to extend the borders railway to carlisle and carlisle has been given the go - ahead by the scottish government .
lib dem leader tim farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin , but does not think it was a sin .
kent 's hopes of winning the division two title were dented as they beat northants at beckenham .
scotland 's scott jamieson and bjork share the lead at the halfway stage of the tour championship in south africa .
a terminally - ill five - year - old boy with a rare form of cancer is in remission , doctors say .
three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than # 800,000 were found at a factory in bridgend county .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has delivered her first major speech in the united states , in an effort to boost the us military .
austria 's new president has said he will not lead the country 's main political parties into opposition .
a 21-year - old man has been seriously injured in a powerboat crash in the dartford area of southampton .
league two side luton town are capable of winning promotion from the football league , according to chairman richard sweet .
the first foreign secretary to visit libya since 2011 has returned to the country 's second - largest country .
substitute krystian pearce 's injury - time equaliser earned mansfield a draw with york city .
the canadian government has set up an inquiry into the deaths of indigenous women in the country 's first nation .
an inquest into the death of pop star lil ' chris has been opened and adjourned .
jose mourinho and jose mourinho both had to settle for a point at manchester united .
northern ireland 's political parties are meeting to discuss how to deal with the ongoing crisis in northern ireland .
warwickshire 's jonathan trott hit a career - best 152 as his side drew with somerset at taunton .
former top gear presenter richard hammond is recovering in hospital after suffering a broken leg in a crash in switzerland .
cardiff blues fly - half gareth anscombe says he has been ` ` frustrated '' by his body 's injury .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down snowdonia 's tryfan peak .
the poet philip larkin is to be remembered in poets ' corner at westminster abbey in his home city .
england women 's euro 2017 qualification hopes suffered a major setback as belgium beat belgium 2 - 1 in the netherlands .
five - time world champion ronnie o'sullivan has pulled out of next month 's uk championship .
the number of people who serve in the armed forces has risen by more than a third in a year , according to a charity .
a former head of mi6 says he and his wife have been tortured by the uk government for their rendition .
heavy rain and avalanches have caused flooding in tibet , with thousands of homes and businesses left stranded .
the ` ` fizz '' of actor and comedian nigel cleese 's tour of england has been criticised by critics .
plans to turn a pub in brecon beacons into a supermarket have been approved by councillors .
a former national football player who was convicted of killing a former player in the us state of nebraska has died .
former world champion michael ocon has signed a two - year contract extension with the manor formula 1 team .
the families of five workers who died in the collapse of a recycling plant have said they are ` ` devastated '' .
the fukushima nuclear disaster in japan 's north - eastern city of chernobyl has been upgraded to a level of above the world 's highest level .
one of the uk 's biggest retail parks has been bought by a property firm in east london .
a former volkswagen boss has pleaded guilty to attempting to defraud the us into the emissions scandal .
` ` love locks '' are being removed from a bridge over the river don , a lincolnshire town has said .
tata steel has been fined # 500,000 for failing to properly release a potentially deadly chemical which exposed workers .
badgers in england are to be offered vaccinations to help prevent bovine tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- .
maoist rebels in india 's central and eastern state of bihar were once described as a ` ` red corridor '' .
the queen will not attend the new year 's day service at sandringham , buckingham palace has said .
bbc presenter jeremy vine has appeared in court accused of assaulting a motorcyclist with a weapon .
jonathan rea secured his third world superbike championship win of the season with victory in race two in valencia .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have overrun the ancient city of palmyra in northern syria , officials say .
a man has pleaded guilty to illegally importing stun guns to other people after he was caught with a shotgun .
the world 's most famous minerals have been added to a list of the most intriguing minerals in the history of human life .
jobs could be lost at swansea 's department of finance -lrb- dvla -rrb- , the finance minister has said .
fast bowler danielle hazell has been ruled out of england 's tour of india with a hamstring injury .
john pyrgos will captain scotland in sunday 's world cup qualifier against the united states at murrayfield .
league two side accrington stanley have signed millwall striker george preston north on a two - year deal .
an eight - year - old boy 's mother accused of being a ` ` cooker bomb '' was ` ` baffled '' when the incident was referred to police .
league two side crawley town have signed left - back james hurst from west brom for an undisclosed fee .
the chairman of gloucestershire county council has admitted ` ` falling asleep '' during a debate on children 's services .
the owner of a dog that was seized by police in devon and cornwall has launched an appeal to save her pet .
the uk 's inflation rate rose by 0.5 % in january , according to the bank of england -lrb- boe -rrb- .
more than 100 workers have been taken to hospital after a fire at an oil rig in aberdeenshire .
a man accused of murdering his nine - year - old grandson had a ` ` callous unconcern '' for others , a psychiatrist has told a court .
sir paul mccartney has topped the list of the richest people in the uk and ireland , according to the sunday times rich list .
land managers in scotland have been given guidance on how to manage dog - walking on their land .
house prices in northern ireland rose by 6 % in the third quarter of 2015 , according to the latest official figures .
a pre - inquest into the shoreham air crash in which 11 men died has been postponed by police .
daniel can 's stunning strike against liverpool at vicarage road was the best goal of the season .
a ` ` suspicious '' fire broke out at a tube station in north london , police have said .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the global economy is in danger of slowing growth .
a flood protection scheme in denbighshire will be ` ` as safe as we can '' , a man has said .
a man and a woman have appeared in court charged with attempting to join the so - called islamic state group .
four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in lancashire , police said .
us president donald trump has accused china of failing to negotiate a ` ` one china '' policy .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a fire in peterhead .
four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his home .
the european environment agency -lrb- eea -rrb- has warned that climate change is increasing the risk of climate change .
at the heroes ' day parade in zimbabwe 's capital , harare , a small town in the centre of the capital harare .
ole gunnar solskjaer has been one of the biggest challenges in european football - but he has never been a success .
australia all - rounder joe root has been banned for three matches for striking england batsman joe root .
plans have been unveiled for a new scottish studio in inverness .s largest community hub in the highlands .
tunisia 's new national assembly is set to be held on 26 january , in an attempt to revive the country 's political crisis .
former australia captain and legendary cricket commentator richie benaud will not be offered a state funeral , prime minister tony abbott has said .
ospreys have signed former scarlets flanker rob mccusker on a two - year deal .
on the eve of the new national living wage , the company 's owner seachill is looking to make it easier for workers .
kyren wilson said he was ` ` absolutely gutted '' with his form after reaching the world championship quarter - finals .
the former speaker of brazil 's lower house of congress , eduardo cunha , has been arrested in a corruption probe .
aston villa have signed bristol city striker jonathan kodjia for an undisclosed fee , believed to be about # 10 m .
premiership side exeter chiefs have signed jersey lock nic white from jersey reds for the 2017 - 18 season .
disney 's remake of the pacific ocean has topped the us box office in its first week of release .
former strictly come dancing star john o'donnell has said he is ` ` relieved '' he is leaving the strictly dance - off .
gateshead moved to within two points of the national league play - off places with victory over wrexham .
the bbc 's only local radio station in zimbabwe , which was launched last year , has died .
st helens moved to the top of the super league table with a comfortable victory over catalans dragons .
a woman arrested in connection with the murder of moors murderer ian brady will not face charges , prosecutors have said .
an international architecture centre in liverpool is to be opened to the public for the first time in the city .
treasure hunters have been telling newsround that they ' ve been massively important in the world .
a paralysed woman has completed the great north run in a bid to become the first woman to complete the london marathon .
a film about a village in blaenau gwent has won an international film award for the first time .
some of the world 's best - selling smartphone apps are being used as a form of contraception .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the un general assembly .
the bbc 's m ilyas khansamas , india 's most famous brand name , is one of the most famous names in the world .
nottinghamshire bowler jake ball has a ` ` great winter '' with the england and wales cricket board , according to captain read .
the scottish liberal democrats have said they will not agree to the draft budget as they look to win the general election .
a lifeboat crew had to ` ` meet and low - key '' after their hen party became stranded on a river .
human remains have been found in a wooded area near the scene of the death of louise tiffney , police have confirmed .
michael mooy 's second - half goal earned huddersfield victory over leeds united at elland road .
former notts county chief executive justin fletcher has been appointed chairman of the league two club , the club has announced .
the head of redrow has accused the housing industry of being ` ` too weak '' for housebuilders .
the us has charged seven people with hacking into us infrastructure , including iran , in a series of cyber attacks .
galatasaray have signed morocco forward ali belhanda from dynamo kiev for an undisclosed fee .
margaret thatcher 's ` ` right to buy '' scheme came to an end in 1986 when she came to power in 1996 .
a boy who suffered severe brain damage will receive a # 2.3 m payout from the nhs in england .
a member of the smiths has spoken of his ` ` disaffected '' relationship with the band .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
batman 's iconic batmobile has been sold at auction for $ 1.5 m -lrb- # 1.9 m -rrb- in new york .
the family of a mother and her three daughters who were due to be deported to nigeria have been told they will not be deported .
andy murray is the ` ` dominant force '' in tennis , according to former wimbledon champion stephen henman .
china 's ma ying - jeou became the first man to win the men 's singles title at the rio olympics .
kenya 's marathon runner rita jeptoo has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test .
everton have signed everton midfielder james browning on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
north korea says it is ` ` strongly condemn '' a us missile strike on a syrian government building .
a former guantanamo bay detainee has been arrested in the ugandan capital , kampala , police say .
duluxobel , the paint maker of duluxobel , has rejected a takeover offer from us paint maker ppg .
a 15-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 17-year - old was stabbed to death in leeds .
manchester united have won the premier league title for the first time since the end of the season , but they have now won the title .
a $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 m -rrb- donation has been handed over to an international development fund .
a drug dealer has been jailed for trying to kill a fellow drug dealer in a ` ` violent '' attack in his flat .
video game developer valve is to scrap a scheme that allows developers to write directly on its steam service .
an investigation is under way after a woman 's house fire in dumfries and galloway was badly damaged .
the owner of liverpool , abu baz al hasawi , hasawi , is in talks about a takeover of the club .
warrenpoint town will host carrick rangers in the irish cup quarter - finals on monday night .
a couple in indonesia 's aceh province have been reunited with their families after they were found to be gay .
a controlled explosion has been carried out on a suspected world war two bomb on a beach in nairn .
a former soldier from londonderry has been arrested in connection with the murder of three former soldiers in bloody sunday .
the bbc has outlined plans to create a new ` ` culture hub '' for the bbc , which aims to ` ` make britain the world 's most cultural force '' .
nick blackwell says he wants to give his ibf super - bantamweight title to chris eubank jr .
an 87-year - old man has been reunited with his vintage car after more than 60 years .
crusaders have signed midfielder mark mcchrystal from irish premiership side crusaders on a two - year deal .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched a new multi - billion - euro earth observation satellite .
cardiff city climbed to the top of the championship with a hard - fought victory over bristol city .
an australian tourist has died while snorkelling on a remote reef in australia , police say .
the head of france 's centre - right ump party says there has been ` ` anomalies '' in the run - up to the presidential election .
harlequins wing mark hughes has been named in the england squad for the tour of australia .
police investigating the murder of a pensioner have released cctv footage of three men they want to trace .
plans for a major road project in west sussex have been branded ` ` inadequate '' by two councils .
team sky 's anti - doping agency -lrb- ukad -rrb- says it is investigating claims it used anti - doping drugs during the sport .
it 's one of the biggest sporting stars in the world , jack duchenne 's life has come to an end .
south korea 's government has apologised after a computer error in the country 's top exam was mistakenly tested for the exam .
a dog has died after falling into the river tay in perth and perthshire , police have said .
a doctor who filmed himself raping and sexually assaulting two patients has been jailed for four years .
lewis hamilton 's new formula 1 format was ` ` the wrong way to go '' after the final practice session of the season .
saudi arabia 's new head of staff , sheikh obeikan , has been sacked in january .
edf energy , one of the world 's biggest suppliers , is to increase its prices for dual - fuel customers .
the number of enrolments at northern ireland 's fe colleges has fallen to its lowest level since 2013 - 16 .
plans to build the world 's tallest power station on the solent have been submitted to developers .
labour has pledged to tackle ` ` aggressive '' tax avoidance , saying it is ` ` not illegal '' .
a man who killed his ex - partner in a ` ` violent '' attack has been jailed .
taiwan 's first buddhist leader , hsiao , says she has no time to go to monks .
league two side shrewsbury town have signed wales under-21 international defender james on a season - long loan deal .
plaid cymru leader jeremy corbyn said her party 's election manifesto was ` ` not in the party '' .
four teenagers who died in a crash in powys were ` ` on a mountain '' , an inquest has heard .
tributes have been paid to a british soldier who died in afghanistan after being struck by a javelin missile .
former fox news chief executive john abernethy and clare shine have been named fox news channel 's new chief executive .
england 's women 's football association -lrb- fa -rrb- has appointed a new chief executive .
thousands of people have been taking part in the 2016 bbc sports personality of the year competition in yorkshire .
the head of the nhs in england has said he is ` ` disappointed '' that the government 's decision to publish consultants ' earnings .
the nhs in england is to make ` ` more difficult decisions '' on how to deal with cancer drugs .
the lawyer for edward snowden says he is ` ` anxious '' about his future after he asked for temporary asylum in russia .
a woman and her wife have been left ` ` very upset '' after thieves broke into a house in the highlands .
league two side accrington stanley have signed former crystal palace midfielder james kettings on a two - year deal .
a french mayor has signed a petition calling for a ban on the slaughter of children in school meals .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the price of gold and silver has fallen below $ 1,200 -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,200 -rrb- for the first time since 2010 .
spain 's left - wing party podemos is seeking to form a coalition with the socialist party -lrb- pp -rrb- .
india will compete in next month 's champions trophy after the competition was revised by the international cricket council .
australia wrapped up a 2 - 0 series victory over india in the first match of the three - match series .
wales scrum - half rhys webb says he is ` ` back up and running '' after returning from injury .
the world 's most accurate drug - resistant drug - resistant drug is a significant step forward .
the duke of cambridge has given birth to his first child , the first such birth in the uk .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , there is a lot of economic pain .
father - infant conversations with his three - month - old babies could be linked to their father - infant conversations , according to researchers .
england women 's world cup winner mark sampson has been cleared of ` ` bullying and harassment '' by the football association .
the number of parks in england is at risk of ` ` neglect '' , mps have warned .
the scottish government is to invest # 2.2 m in offshore wind projects to help cut costs .
ukip 's ruling body has accused a member of being ` ` appalled '' by the conduct of an am .
thousands of native trees have been planted in londonderry to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
crystal palace came from behind to beat everton and reach the fourth round of the efl cup in a row .
former aston villa defender blair cowans is to leave the club at the end of the season , the club have announced .
two police officers have been awarded the george cross for their bravery after the murder of mp jo cox .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon 's announcement that the uk 's brexit deal is going to be ` ` very difficult '' .
league two side accrington stanley have signed defender ben davies on a two - year contract following his release by mk dons .
the number of people convicted of dog - riding offences in the uk has risen by more than 100 in the past five years , according to the rspca .
wasps climbed to the top of the premiership with a bonus - point victory over premiership strugglers wasps .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for an end to road accidents in wales .
theresa may has said she would like to see the uk 's departure from the european union as soon as possible .
the number of exam papers being re - marked at a - level and a - level in england has risen by more than a third in three years .
anti - corruption campaigners in ukraine 's capital , zaporizhya , have taken to the streets of zaporizhya , near the capital , kiev .
a hospital in bristol has become the first in the uk to offer an online database of patients with a rare genetic condition .
a street in central london has been closed for the first time in more than a year , by a member of the public .
at least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the somali capital , mogadishu .
national league side gateshead have signed newcastle united defender callum atkinson on loan until the end of the season .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has apologised for the cost of a flight to the uk .
a five - year - old boy has become the first person to be investigated for sexting offences .
technology giant hewlett - packard has announced plans to cut 2,000 jobs as part of restructuring plans .
lewis hamilton has accused team - mate nico rosberg of ` ` mindless '' after a collision with his mercedes team - mate .
ferrari 's valtteri vandoorne set the pace in first practice at the abu dhabi grand prix .
the world 's first transplant using windpipes to treat a child has been performed in sweden .
a polar bear has become the first polar bear in the uk to be bred in captivity in scotland .
manager russell slade says he would be ` ` confident '' of winning the championship play - off final .
spain 's kristina mladenovic and her partner kristina mladenovic have won the wta finals in stuttgart .
hull kr reached the sixth round of the challenge cup with a hard - fought victory over oldham .
hampshire 's liam dawson hit a fine century to help his side earn a draw with somerset at taunton .
a woman died from carbon monoxide poisoning after a house fire in monmouthshire , an inquest has heard .
nato has accused russia of making threats to deploy its deployment of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- missiles to the baltic sea .
australia 's former prime minister malcolm turnbull has said he is ` ` no desire '' to become a republic .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers praised his side 's ` ` resilience '' after they beat west brom at anfield .
jordan 's education minister has warned that the country faces a ` ` high price '' if it fails to cope with the influx of refugees .
the public prosecution service -lrb- pps -rrb- has said it will not face charges in connection with the murder of jean mcconville .
the number of people living in temporary accommodation in england has risen by a third since the grenfell tower fire .
a clean - up operation is under way to remove waste from beaches in norfolk and suffolk after heavy rain .
two people have appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a seven - year - old boy who died in a lake .
millwall moved into the league one play - off places with a 2 - 1 victory at struggling shrewsbury .
the owner of a retirement home in china 's north - eastern province has sparked a social media frenzy .
sam allardyce has been named as the new manager of sunderland , replacing him with the club .
cardiff city 's hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they were held to a draw by brentford .
a man has died after being stabbed in greater manchester on new year 's eve , police said .
leicester tigers are capable of reaching the premiership play - offs , according to former head coach shaun murphy .
the royal sun alliance is to close its birmingham office , with the loss of 160 jobs in the city .
the operator of the uk 's airspace says it expects to be the highest number of flights this summer .
the final act of the dark knight rises has received rave reviews from critics , with one describing it as a ` ` nightmare '' .
the public inquiry into the death of alexander litvinenko , who was killed by radioactive polonium , has opened in london .
two ambulances have been taken to hospital after a crash between two cars on a road in lincolnshire .
chechnya 's opposition leader ramzan kadyrov has posted a new video on instagram showing him apparently threatening to kill his leader .
a woman who tried to get a taxi at a carmarthenshire railway station has said she is ` ` not taking you '' .
a judicial review into historical child abuse at kincora boys ' home in belfast is due to take place .
charlton athletic have appointed former charlton athletic head coach jose riga as their new head coach on a two - year contract .
a parish priest accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl has been dropped from his parish duties , police have said .
south africa 's biggest lender , old mutual , has announced a strategic review of its business .
uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against england and england after players were subjected to ` ` racial abuse '' during a match in serbia .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he is the ` ` biggest challenge in football '' in world football .
online gambling firms have been accused of breaking consumer law by selling millions of pounds in their money , the competition watchdog has said .
the locations of one of scotland 's most famous battle sites have been put on an inventory of historic battlefields .
the leader of cardiff airport has called for the welsh government to rename the city 's international airport .
an australian company has been fined for the collapse of a sacred site in the northern state of darwin .
how much do you stop eating a chocolate bar , and how much you can make it look like ?
police have released cctv images of a man and woman they want to speak to in connection with a serious facial injury .
mental health services are to be set up by the welsh government to help mothers and babies with mental health problems .
plans to build 35 new social housing developments on a site site site in norfolk have been approved by councillors .
the government has been accused of ` ` meddling '' in the bbc 's schedule of tv shows like strictly come dancing .
the 12-year - old boy who was attacked by a group of bullies in the us has spoken for the first time .
a new zealand couple have married their first same - sex wedding in a traditional church of the world .
jordan williams scored twice as barrow came from behind to beat somerset and reach the fa cup second round .
russia 's decision to launch a chemical attack on a rebel - held town in north - eastern syria was a ` ` war crime '' .
a police investigation has been launched after a child was found with a knife at a dumfries school .
australian police are investigating allegations of match - fixing in the national rugby league -lrb- nrl -rrb- .
the women 's cricket super league will be held at loughborough university in the south west of england .
a silicon valley woman has claimed that her boss had sex with her while she was a job candidate .
hampshire 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the county championship were dented as they lost to lancashire at edgbaston .
an honorary degree has been held in oxford for the first time since the death of an indian student .
welsh boxer ashley brace will fight for the wbc international bantamweight title in glasgow on 26 march .
lancashire wicketkeeper jos buttler has signed a new three - year contract with the lancashire side .
celtic cruised to a comfortable victory over partick thistle at the excelsior stadium in glasgow .
world number one mark selby says he is not feeling ` ` under pressure '' as he prepares to progress to the quarter - finals of the world championship .
an award - winning author , whose novel lost for words , is to be named the winner of this year 's hay festival .
a former labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to charges of indecently assaulting a girl in hull .
have you ever been inundated with the aftermath of the nepal earthquake , which has rocked the country .
glentoran have been given a three - match suspension by the northern ireland football association -lrb- irish premiership -rrb- for failing to control their decisions .
england 's under-15 team are ` ` devastated '' to be dropped into a new group of youth teams , says football association chairman ashworth .
a ` ` crannog '' cottage in monmouthshire was once home to the stone age , according to archaeologists .
prince harry has taken part in a caribbean tour to the south american state of guyana , as part of a three - day tour .
a police officer who was seriously injured in a hit - and - run incident in cumbria has been talking about how the animal was saved .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has accused the former mayor of the country of being a ` ` bad son of a bitch '' .
the belfast giants have signed canadian defenceman corey johner on a deal until the end of the season .
a gym in bath is to reopen after a lease was found to be running out of the building .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict hospital in edinburgh which has badly damaged the building .
the bbc 's political editor , jeremy clarkson , has been talking about the political crisis in the uk .
the number of women in the uk who have breastfeed in the first six months of the year has increased , according to new research .
defending champion novak djokovic and serena williams will meet in the french open semi - finals on friday .
luke procter 's maiden first - class century put lancashire in a strong position against lancashire at old trafford .
a man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told a court he was ` ` terrified '' by a gang member .
great britain 's 4x400 m relay team are to be presented with medals at next month 's world championships .
police in the us state of arkansas are searching for two men accused of stealing money from a man who was attacked by a taxi driver .
a large wildfire has been started deliberately in the republic of ireland , the fire service has said .
australia have named batsman steve smith as their new captain after michael clarke 's decision to retire from cricket .
london mayor boris johnson has said he will not resign if the conservatives win a by - election .
former swansea city manager jose mourinho will return to the premier league next season after agreeing a deal with the united states .
the father of a seven - year - old girl who took her children on holiday in the isle of wight has launched a fundraising campaign to raise legal costs .
a campaign has been launched to remove the mascot of skegness 's jolly fisherman mascot for the resort of skegness .
a community fund has been set up to help syrian refugees who have been resettled in aberdeenshire .
saudi arabia 's king salman has replaced the head of the interior ministry , following a major overhaul of his body .
a french - based activist has been sentenced to three years in prison for inciting subversion .
plans to build a permanent home for holidaymakers in skegness have been rejected by a council .
dj calvin harris is to headline the line - up for this year 's glastonbury festival .
the amount of investment in children 's tv programmes in the uk has fallen by more than a third since a government review .
thousands of offenders in england and wales who do unpaid work are being let off by the government , a report has found .
moeen ali 's century put england in a strong position on day two of the second test against south africa at old trafford .
an investigation has found ` ` potential issues '' with the building of a new hospital in coventry .
british number one johanna konta reached the quarter - finals of the katowice open in poland .
a statue of comedian frank sidebottom has been unveiled in his home village of timperley in the czech republic .
derby county striker marcus bent says his side 's promotion to the championship was a ` ` harsh '' moment of confidence .
ryan farquhar has been discharged from hospital following a crash at the north west 200 in county tyrone .
an optometrist accused of causing the death of a nine - year - old boy by failing to spot his eye was prevented , a court has heard .
northern ireland 's environment agency has said it is ` ` astonished '' by cuts to its funding .
councils in england and wales are failing to replace the right to buy scheme , a charity has warned .
scotland 's first minister has insisted the uk government is not ` ` pessimistic '' with brexit .
mickey demetriou scored the only goal as newport county beat yeovil town in league two .
league two side accrington stanley have signed aston villa defender omar suliman on a season - long loan deal .
england goalkeeper jess law has joined women 's super league one club sunderland on a season - long loan .
super league side wakefield trinity produced a ruthless display to beat castleford tigers and reach the challenge cup final .
a man has died in a head - on crash on the a470 in hampshire , police said .
israel 's supreme court has ruled that the palestinian islamist movement fatah must hold elections in the occupied west bank .
the family of a couple who died from cancer have paid tribute to their ` ` nicest man '' .
tributes have been paid to a former rugby coach who died in a crash on the a90 north of scotland .
celtic moved up to third in the scottish premiership with victory over inverness caledonian thistle at pittodrie .
egypt have named a 23-man squad for next month 's africa cup of nations in gabon .
a water board in new york has apologised for polluting water at the base of the niagara falls .
spain 's motogp champion dani pedrosa won the san marino motogp title for the first time in 15 years .
gloucester city chairman mark hughes says he is ` ` frustrated '' by the club 's decision to leave the city .
the isle of wight 's ` ` floating bridge '' service has been changed after residents complained about changes to its procedures .
chinese authorities are investigating three explosions at a warehouse in the port city of tianjin that killed at least 19 people .
a collection of 37 paintings by sir winston churchill has been accepted for the nation after his death from cancer .
three rare bottles of whisky galore have been recovered from a shipwreck in the western isles .
portugal 's government has approved changes to citizenship laws for descendants of sephardic jews who have fled the country .
proposals to cut the number of fire and rescue services in suffolk have been unveiled by the county council .
league one side bury have signed former bolton wanderers midfielder rachubka on a one - year contract .
teachers in england and wales face a pay rise of 1 % in the coming year , according to the department for education .
a man accused of murdering surjit singh chhokar has been ordered to apologise for lying in court .
wales flanker ken owens says he is worried that the azzuri will be relegated from the six nations .
plans to expand oxford 's transport hub have been submitted to the city council for the first time .
police searching for a missing teenager have found a body in a wooded area in north lanarkshire .
a judge in the us state of arizona has ruled that a woman accused of killing her son by killing him will not be tried again .
a management buyout offered to south wales is ` ` dangerous '' , sir vince cable has said .
a group of environmental campaigners have called for the introduction of regulation for the use of heat in scotland .
more than a third of people have been caught out by malicious add - ons for google 's website , research suggests .
the world 's most famous particle , the ` ` mad scientist '' , has performed a giant jam !
the number of gps in wales is at its highest level since records began , according to new figures .
a man who was convicted of rape has resigned as mayor of milton keynes following a row over a taxi driver 's convictions .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he has been ` ` a bit fortunate '' to avoid a ` ` dangerous '' tackle on everton striker marcos rojo .
tommy foderingham says he is ` ` disappointed and frustrated '' at rangers after the player was arrested on suspicion of racially abusing a black player .
an investigation is under way into reports of dozens of sightings on a beach in the isle of man .
a reconstructed image of a man 's face is to go on public display for the first time .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the challenges facing africa 's five neighbours .
ireland number eight jack heaslip will miss saturday 's six nations match against wales in dublin .
campaigners have criticised plans to close libraries in west yorkshire after a council decided to scrap staff with volunteers .
an ancient church in north yorkshire has been left with ` ` smelly '' of urine and faeces .
bayer leverkusen defender christian schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of insulting a referee .
scientists have found a new drug to treat the malaria parasite that lives lives lives millions of people every year .
a former police officer has been jailed for eight years and eight months for sexually assaulting a young girl .
a palestinian man has been shot dead in the southern israeli city of tel aviv , police have said .
a consortium of private firms involved in a # 1.2 bn takeover of cancer care in stoke - on - trent has failed .
a group of british bat rescuers are helping to save the lives of hundreds of young bats in northern ireland .
thousands of people have attended a traditional fire festival in beltane , county fermanagh , on sunday .
four people have been charged with the manslaughter of a palestinian man who died after being attacked by a mob in israel .
four men have pleaded guilty to masterminding the hatton garden safe deposit raid , which led to the collapse of a safe deposit company .
surfing forecaster magicseaweed has been bought by a swedish surfing company for $ 2.5 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has announced a strategy aimed at tackling extremism .
jockeys in england and wales are considering plans to hold all - weather races on good friday , the head of the sport has said .
a teenager who gave birth to her third child on an air ambulance has been named after her first child .
fly - half alex cheesman has signed a new two - year contract with cornish pirates .
barcelona have recalled midfielder lucas casillas and midfielder joao lopetegui from their squad for euro 2016 .
a double - decker bus has been badly damaged in a fire in north - east london .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in an attack in brighton .
a new species of dinosaur has been found in the eastern ocean of the dinosaurs , according to scientists .
the department of foreign affairs has cancelled a scheme to encourage people of irish descent to seek full citizenship .
myanmar 's finance minister , aung san suu kyaw win , has admitted selling a fake university degree .
facebook has said it is charging advertisers who use its social media service to count their videos .
the european union is trying to try to stop people smuggling their christmas trees into europe , but how do you stop ?
venezuela 's military has lifted a curfew imposed on the streets of san cristobal , the capital of caracas .
police are treating the death of a 67-year - old man who was stabbed in his home in glasgow as murder .
scotland 's top law officer has urged the uk government to turn its back on criminal justice co - operation .
reigning world champion jessica ennis - hill has been made a dame in the new year honours list .
an 11-year - old boy who applied to become england 's new manager has applied to the football association .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused the european union of undermining its relationship with israel .
an indian man has spoken of his fear for his life after he was attacked by a masked man in a mumbai shop .
sale sharks winger denny solomona is a ` ` top - drawer professional '' , according to his club 's director of rugby steve monye .
a bus driver has died in a collision with a private ambulance in north yorkshire , police have said .
he 's one of the world 's best - known taekwondo heroes , but he has been given a lifetime achievement bonus .
a 19-year - old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenagers who were left paralysed in a crash .
a man has been sacked over the death of a pensioner who died in a fire at her home .
scunthorpe united have signed former blackpool defender dean osbourne on loan until the end of the season .
the delivery of wind turbines and wind turbine parts on the south of scotland has been a big problem .
the former leader of glasgow city council , peter matheson , is to become the next city leader .
aberdeen have signed liverpool goalkeeper ryan mclaughlin on a season - long loan deal , subject to international clearance .
ireland 's joe hearn will fight ireland 's charlie taylor at the sse arena on saturday .
the father of a 14-year - old girl in mexico says he is ` ` cordially invited '' to attend her 16th birthday party .
sinn [ UNK ] leader keith poots has said he will hold his nose and do business with the ira .
sam dasaolu produced a scintillating performance to secure his place at the world athletics championships in london .
britain 's paul smith lost his wbo light - heavyweight title to germany 's paul zeuge on saturday .
police investigating the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his own home have renewed their appeal for information .
deputy first minister martin mcguinness has said he hopes the sdlp will join the northern ireland executive .
the nhs in england has spent # 1.8 bn in 2015 - 16 , according to official figures .
a victorian reception house that was used to keep dead relatives in their homes has been given listed status .
a 13-year - old girl has been seriously injured after her car crashed into a tree and hit a tree .
three satellite - resolution satellites in china have been given the go - ahead for the first time .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
formula 1 teams have been told they must introduce a ` ` halo '' cockpit system for 2017 .
british number two dan evans lost in the second round of the australian open with a straight - set win over american sam querrey .
poundland 's recent growth in the uk 's second - largest economy was a recipe for success .
russia has said it will send 3,000 syrian missiles to syria to help restore the country 's fortunes .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was struck by a car in hamilton .
it 's the word ` ` english - speaking '' at the university of portsmouth .
lebanon 's national army says it has foiled an attempt to smuggle drugs into the country .
the 70th anniversary of the sinking of britain 's first world war two cargo ship has been marked with a mixture of pride .
great britain 's winter olympics team are set to receive more funding from sport - to - sport and winter sports in 2018 .
dylan groenewegen won the second stage of the tour de yorkshire with victory in the opening stage .
a high school in hampshire has closed its doors for the first time since the closure of a single sex education school .
england bowler mark tremlett will retire from cricket at the end of the season because of injury .
a woman who died in a fire at a wood treatment plant has been awarded an award for her bravery .
the head of the uk 's biggest banks has announced plans to limit the amount of money they are bailout .
a video game dedicated to mexican wrestling has been released by the developer of the e3 video game .
tranmere rovers have signed forward ben jefford from welling united on loan until the end of the season .
two climbers have climbed the summit of st kilda 's two sea stacks of protected gannet nests .
british vogue editor edward enninful has been named as the new editor of the british fashion council .
sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara has died at the age of 57 , his former club have announced .
australian prime minister tony abbott has criticised the country 's ` ` ruthlessly effective '' approach to migrants trying to reach europe .
a search is under way for two missing world war two spitfire pilots found in burma , the uk has confirmed .
us secretary of state hillary clinton has called egypt 's muslim brotherhood ` ` a good partner '' after talks in cairo .
surrey 's hopes of winning the county championship title were dented by warwickshire 's collapse at edgbaston .
a police investigation is under way into the disappearance of a vintage car in hertfordshire two decades ago , police have said .
the former head of france 's interior ministry , nicolas sarkozy , is one of the most powerful figures in french politics .
thousands of royal bank of scotland customers have been left out of pocket due to a computer glitches .
the large hadron collider -lrb- lhcb -rrb- has detected the existence of a particle called ` ` dark matter '' .
one of scotland 's biggest construction firms , barratt , has announced plans to build 100 new homes .
south sudan 's government has ordered all foreign troops to be sent to south sudan until 1 november .
a midwife at a cumbrian hospital has been accused of failing to report her husband 's death .
former scotland international brian reid has left stranraer by mutual consent , the club has confirmed .
a car bomb has exploded in the turkish city of aleppo , killing at least four people , officials say .
i ' ve been in the midst of a hotel in the belgian city of mohali , where i ' ve spent the night in a hotel room .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the quarter - finals of the world cup were dented by south africa .
struggling la liga side deportivo la coruna have sacked manager alexis sanchez after just one season in charge .
iceland 's parliament has approved a controversial bill that would require companies to do equal pay for equal pay .
inspectors have found ` ` serious concerns '' over the quality of care at a care home in glasgow .
a man has been arrested after a man was found with an imitation gun in south london , police said .
a man who went missing in india last week has been found safe and well , police have said .
a man who carried out burglaries and burglaries in manchester has been banned from the area .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says he will not be affected by the sale of john o'kane .
rangers beat celtic 4 - 2 in the scottish cup quarter - finals to reach the quarter - finals .
british gymnast josh bevan says he will be fit for next month 's olympics after breaking his leg .
six suspected drugs with an estimated street value of # 40 m have been seized in raids on properties across england .
england all - rounder ben stokes says he wants to ` ` take a step back '' when he plays west indies .
ex - england captain stuart pearce has signed a new contract with national league side wotton rovers .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
ospreys wing hallam amos will miss the rest of the season with a shoulder injury , according to rhys giles .
india beat sri lanka by five wickets in the second test in colombo to complete a 2 - 0 series win .
a pensioner who secretly filmed women in a falkirk shopping centre has pleaded guilty to breaching the firearms act .
a 19-year - old man who was sexually assaulted in a flat in belfast has been given a community sentence .
the scottish government is to hold an inquiry into allegations that police broke the code of practice by spying .
the new chief executive of royal mail is one of six people who have been in charge of the airline .
plans to drill for shale gas in nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council .   's environment body .
david hockney has described the ` ` jekyll and hyde '' death of a man who died after drinking acid .
the family of a missing french student have appealed for information in connection with the disappearance of his brother .
plans have been submitted for a new power station at king 's lynn mill in norfolk to help reduce carbon emissions .
a bot that allows people to pay for parking tickets has been launched in the uk , according to reports .
the number of children in poverty in wales is at its highest level since 2003 , according to a new report .
the original authors of one of the most popular song in the history of the 1970s have been added to their list of original authors .
jeremy hunt is to call for a ` ` cross - party review '' of 14 - 19 education in england .
guernsey 's ferry service was ` ` significantly down '' last year , according to the harbour master .
isobel joyce and isobel joyce both made half - centuries as ireland beat zimbabwe by seven wickets in their world twenty20 qualifier in thailand .
this year 's gcse and a * a grades have gone up for the first time .
an athletics club in berkshire has been criticised for failing to use its playing fields to train on grass .
a group of vulnerable children are to be moved from a ` ` temporary '' detention camp in devon .
mae disgyblion sy ' n wedi cael eu cymdeithasg yn cael eu dyfodol wedi cael ei gad yn nhw ' n cael eu diffyg yn yn yn ymdeithasg .
the sun newspaper has launched an attack on comedian russell brand , who has been accused of hypocrisy .
peterborough united have sacked manager graham westley after saturday 's 1 - 0 defeat by scunthorpe united .
peterborough united captain grant mccann has said he is ` ` devastated '' after suffering a broken leg .
plans to transform a grade ii * listed building into an exhibition centre in stoke - on - trent have been approved .
manager mark warburton says nottingham forest need a more ` ` tight '' squad for next season .
spain 's elina meilutyte set a new world record in the 400 m individual medley at the european championships .
shares in the world 's biggest aircraft maker , boeing , have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year .
a light aircraft had to make an emergency landing at edinburgh airport after a ` ` technical fault '' with its aircraft .
secondary schools in england are being judged by new gcse results for the first time since 2010 .
when the first woman to be ordained bishop , the church in wales was in the same place as a priest .
one of the world 's most famous howler monkeys has been described as a ` ` grand howler '' .
australian prime minister tony abbott has said he is ` ` working hard '' to resign over the use of a helicopter to travel to the country .
a petition calling for changes to the speed limit in which a man died in a crash has been launched .
a large fire has broken out at a house in dumfries and galloway , the fire service has said .
the greek prime minister has said russia 's relations with europe are ` ` closed forever '' .
world number one lydia ko is three shots off the lead after the first round of the kia classic .
people across scotland have been reacting to the news that the lives of six people who have been injured in an accident in glasgow .
soft drinks maker ag barr has announced plans to cut the amount of sugar in soft drinks by 2017 .
ed ball is to host this year 's olivier awards , the organisers have announced in the nominations .
profits at gatwick airport have risen for the first time in two years , according to a report .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was found stabbed to death in his flat .
a shop door painted with a man 's portrait of his father has gone on display in cheltenham .
league two side luton town have signed southend united striker joe pigott on loan until the end of the season .
the duke of york has denied allegations that he was forced to sleep with an under - age woman .
welsh boxer kirsty williams has become the first welsh boxer to win a medal at the european championships .
a danish artist has accused lego of being ` ` anti - semitic '' for refusing to sell his products to an artist .
an independent review of historical abuse and neglect at care homes in wales will be launched by first minister carwyn jones .
kent 's jo stevens hit a career - best 254 as essex took control of their division two match against kent .
the bbc 's gardening expert , virgil don , says the uk 's garden market is a ` ` waste of choice '' .
twenty - four athletes have been charged with violating anti - doping rules after failing a drugs test .
the first official trailer for the new james bond film spectre has been released by fans in the uk .
tablets and smartphones can be used to help older people get through the internet , according to experts .
rangers football club has raised # 22.2 m in the first half of its shares in the club .
plans for a # 2 m extension to a wrexham landmark have been given the go - ahead .
a non - league football club has become the first in the uk to make all its vegetarians .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a woman in dublin .
hibernian cruised into the second round of the scottish cup with a comfortable victory over bonnyrigg .
police in wales could be using extra powers to stop and search for people at the champions league final .
thousands of fans have complained of delays at a football ground after fans tried to get a ticket office .
burton albion have released seven players , including goalkeeper simon mclaughlin , who has returned to the club for next season .
an inquest into the death of a man who drowned in the sea off the sussex coast has been opened .
the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said there is ` ` some anxiety '' about the future of the economy .
plans to build a new ` ` surfing lagoon '' on the north wales coast have been unveiled .
a woman has been charged with causing the death of a 23-year - old woman by dangerous driving .
an unexploded bomb has been found on a beach in county antrim , police have said .
glasgow warriors are capable of reaching the top four of the pro12 , according to head coach murray .
cameroon reached the quarter - finals of the toulon tournament with a 2 - 0 victory over germany in the semi - finals .
england 's justin rose will take a one - shot lead into the final round of the wells fargo championship in north carolina .
england head coach dylan hartley says his side 's 3 - 0 series win over australia is still ` ` perfect '' .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of the murder of a us judge in utah has been discharged .
a hospital trust in cumbria has been placed in special measures following an unannounced health inspection .
more than half of england 's primary schools will be needed by september 2017 , according to the local government association .
the raf red arrows will have to be axed , defence secretary sir michael wilshaw has said .
music group has said it is considering replacing 70 staff at its manufacturing plant in north lanarkshire .
adults in the uk are more likely to read daily newspapers than others , according to a new study .
two senior managers have admitted safety breaches after a worker was crushed to death at a recycling plant in belfast .
the queen has returned to an edinburgh pub for the first time since the birth of her sheep heid .
the price of carbon permits has fallen for the first time since april 2014 , according to the eu 's climate watchdog .
oil prices in canada have risen for the first time in more than a year , according to new figures .
a 21-year - old man has died in a light aircraft crash near dundonald , county down .
the opening of two guernsey 's high schools will not be delayed until next year , the minister has said .
a peregrine falcon has died after being poisoned in conwy county , the rspb has said .
michael phelps , the most decorated olympian of all time , won the 200 m freestyle at the world swimming championships .
gps in south london are being urged to stop providing infant formula milk and resilience to help reduce costs .
cuba 's economic woes continue to be worse off than anywhere else in the world , but it is now a country of economic hardship .
manager antonio conte says tottenham 's failure to win the premier league is ` ` not a tragedy '' .
northern ireland 's richard foster and jason smyth both missed out on a place at the commonwealth games in glasgow .
three women have been left ` ` extremely shaken and upset '' after a gang threatened a man with a gun during a burglary in west belfast .
work is set to start on a new # 1.5 m artificial surfing park on the jurassic coast in dorset .
an australian man who went missing six days ago says he is ` ` lucky '' to be alive .
plans for a new golf and tennis centre in stirling will not be supported , according to a report .
american jordan spieth carded a three - under - par 65 to move into the final round of the wells fargo championship in north carolina .
one direction have topped the uk singles chart for the first time with their song drag me down down .
the plastic fiver is one of the best - selling form of plastic fivers in northern ireland .
david cameron has called for the uk to be ` ` at the heart '' of the brexit vote .
national league side gateshead have re - signed left - back gary cavan on a one - year contract .
kilmarnock defender shay logan has signed a new three - year contract with the scottish premiership club .
a new flu jab could be used in humans every year , according to a study in mice .
the number of people diagnosed with syphilis in london has risen by more than a third since 2010 , figures show .
the president and parliament of zanzibar 's main islands have been cancelled , the head of the opposition says .
it 's one of the most memorable moments of cricket in england 's history , and it 's the cricket world 's biggest sporting event .
the families of those killed in a shooting in malaysia have lost an appeal against the government 's refusal to hold an independent inquiry .
the owners of a stranded oil rig that ran aground last year have paid # 1,000 to pay for costs .
the town of cumbernauld has won the scottish design awards for the second time in a decade .
the london underground is to be set up to tackle anti - social behaviour on the night tube network .
poland is the world 's biggest media exporter , and is also the most popular medium in europe .
the uk has signed a deal to keep free trade with the rest of the world after brexit .
south korean president park geun - hye has vowed to recover the sewol ferry which sank off the coast of south korea on thursday .
jobs are to be axed at a careers services company in wales , the union unison has said .
it 's one of the most talked - about moments of our series of the x factor .
the authorities in iran have banned social media users from using their social network in order to comply with a new law .
an indian man has been charged with murder after a shooting at a bar in texas , police say .
the us justice department has strongly criticised the state of california 's prisons for failing to address suicide rates .
black friday sales are expected to hit record levels in the uk this year , according to visa europe .
heavy rain and heavy rain are expected to hit parts of wales on monday , with gusts reaching the uk .
a new lifeguard boat has been returned to the south wales coast to help rescuers in the sea .
a # 1 m project to restore part of the isle of wight castle which was used to defend the islands during world war two has begun .
the boss of one of the world 's biggest banks has said he will move hundreds of jobs out of the european union .
tony bellew has pulled out of an all - british world title fight with ibf heavyweight champion anthony joshua .
the organisers of the first fleadh in londonderry have said they will bid to host the event .
hearts have completed the signing of kilmarnock striker conor sammon on loan until the end of the season .
the makers of the new series of atlantis say they are ` ` nervous '' about life and ` ` more sophisticated '' .
the literary world 's most famous scientist , charles darwin , has died at the age of 84 .
manchester united are in talks with real madrid over the signing of goalkeeper david de gea from real madrid .
` ` i ' m a football fan fan , '' says manchester city football club 's chief executive , who has been in charge of the premier league .
manchester city 's champions league semi - final against real madrid will be the perfect place in the champions league quarter - finals .
ukraine has won the eurovision song contest for the first time , beating ukraine 's jamala to win the contest .
st mirren 's hopes of reaching the scottish cup quarter - finals were dented as two goals from alex baird helped them to victory over ayr united .
labour leadership candidate andy burnham has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' after his party 's election win .
a ` ` horrendous '' roman mosaic is to be removed from a museum in leicester .
if you 're a fan of the oscars , you might have to be forgiven for thinking that you 're going to work in the box .
a polar bear cub has been born in the uk for the first time , according to conservationists .
the mother of pop star lily allen has spoken of her frustration after he was found guilty of stalking her .
the sale of a statue of an ancient egyptian statue is ` ` extremely expensive '' , a council has said .
craig quigley 's late equaliser earned league one side livingston a hard - fought victory over livingston .
wakefield wildcats have signed full - back aaron simon from super league side wakefield trinity on a two - year deal .
catalans dragons prop brett aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
former labour leader ed miliband has urged young people to register to vote in the eu referendum .
walmart , the owner of china 's largest e - commerce company , has agreed to buy the country 's largest online retailer , yihaodian .
the pakistani province of karachi has passed a controversial new law to protect muslim women from forced christian marriage .
transport firm stagecoach has announced plans to increase its fleet of new buses and coaches for the next three years .
the prime minister has said he is open to a four - year ban on eu migrants from the european union .
the chairman of bhs , sir philip green , is in talks with the pensions regulator over his knighthood .
the merger of eye eye eye and eye eye - sharing firms in the uk is not a good thing .
a man has died after being hit by a metal pole at a paralympics in south - west london .
the mayor of new york city has signed into law a bill aimed at preventing anti - immigration street performers .
messaging app line , the world 's most popular messaging app , is being put up for sale .
at least 20 people have been killed in a suspected human trafficking - related incident at a us supermarket in san antonio , texas .
david cameron has said he is ` ` absolutely clear '' about the relationship between china and tibet .
the number of accident and emergency patients in england 's a&e departments has reached its highest ever target for four months .
britain 's chris froome remains in contention to win the tour de france after finishing third in the race .
more than 3,000 air and air staff have gone on strike in chile over a pay dispute .
profits at the uk 's largest immigration processing company , g4s , have risen for the first time in three years .
germany 's max walz won olympic gold in the men 's kayak kayak final in rio .
thousands of elderly people in scotland wait longer than six weeks for care services , according to a charity .
six - year - old gaiago has been named the winner of the 2016 nobel prize for climate change .
the chicago cubs have won the world series for the first time in more than a century , as the cleveland indians take on the teams to win the title .
the newry - based financial consultancy firm first derivatives has made a pre - tax profit of # 1.5 m in 2014 .
india 's parliament has passed a tough new law which will require tougher punishment for young offenders .
a man who unearthed a rare piece of jewellery in norfolk has said he is ` ` delighted '' to find it .
liverpool have rejected a # 40 m offer from liverpool for midfielder raheem sterling , bbc radio manchester reports .
wales coach warren gatland says he is ` ` excited '' about the future of shane williams after his side 's 22 - 14 win over australia .
culture secretary john whittingdale has been appointed to the culture secretary 's new culture secretary .
a team of 12,000 people have been taking part in a 1,500-mile -lrb- 8,300 km -rrb- journey across alaska .
england number eight mako vunipola has been ruled out of the six nations with a hamstring injury .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in bangor , county antrim , last week .
british gymnastics has suspended four - time olympic champion louis smith after a video appeared to show him urinating into a muslim woman .
barcelona 's luis suarez will be able to play in football 's world cup qualifier against mexico on monday , the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- has ruled .
two us tourists have appeared in court in zimbabwe accused of killing a lion in the us last month .
a chinese woman who claims her husband had ` ` fat faces '' has sparked a social media backlash .
a suspected al - qaeda leader has been arrested in germany in connection with the killing of two syrian government workers .
women 's super league one club yeovil town ladies have signed striker heather heather heather watson from bristol city .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in east london .
ulster hooker stuart mccloskey has signed a new three - year contract with the pro12 club .
the family of a woman who was taken to a hospital 's emergency department has apologised for a ` ` surge '' in patient numbers .
tributes have been paid to two men who died after getting into difficulty at a beauty spot in gwynedd .
it 's a week since the uk voted to leave the european union - and it 's all the time the world 's most powerful politicians will be worried .
iraq 's political crisis is threatening to usher in a new government after months of intense political uncertainty .
an exhibition of photographs of the achievements of paralympian david whitehead has gone on show at the rio paralympics .
reading defender michael mcanuff says he will not be affected by the club 's poor start to the season .
the finance minister will tell ams about the welsh government 's plans for the next five years .
sports direct owner mike ashley has been asked to attend a meeting of mps on behalf of his firm .
northern ireland 's former secretary of state lord alderdin has called on theresa may to maintain an open border .
farmers in england and wales will be able to clean their own land under new plans announced by the government .
thousands of surfers are heading to portugal for the first time since the atlantic storm that swept the atlantic ocean .
lifeguards will be deployed to a beach where five men drowned in july , a councillor has said .
about 2,000 gold coins have been uncovered by divers in the mediterranean sea , archaeologists say .
england head coach eddie jones is close to making his squad unavailable for friday 's tour of australia .
the green party has pledged to fund free free sanitary products in the uk , in a row over vat .
plastic and reconstructive tissue using human cells could be used on humans by 2025 , say surgeons .
a group of children who were racially abused by a gang of youths will not return to the uk next year .
the us department of justice has charged a man with conspiracy to carry out attacks against the us military .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has agreed to freeze all university fees in 2016 , after protests over university fees .
a new search and rescue helicopter service has taken place at inverness 's royal navy base in inverness .
the world 's biggest bouncy castle has been officially opened at a festival in southampton , organisers have said .
reve de sivola won the melling stakes at newbury for the second time in a row .
the emissions scandal in volkswagen - branded cars will be delayed until the end of march , according to the company .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at south africa 's tourism crisis .
bayern munich reached the semi - finals of the champions league with a comfortable victory over bayern munich .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a 67-year - old man in brighton .
aberdeen chairman david milne has defended plans to build a new stadium on the outskirts of the scottish premiership .
down produced a superb second - half performance to beat down 1 - 14 to 1 - 11 to 0 - 11 in saturday 's ulster sfc opener .
the irish travelling community in the republic of ireland has an irish ancestry , according to a new study .
bolton wanderers midfielder ben alnwick will miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
a flintshire man has admitted making threats to police officers while he was drinking on the river dee .
us actress and actress lisa minnelli has cancelled an evening with her in the uk , according to reports .
a gunman in turkey 's north - eastern city of istanbul has been shot dead by police , according to local media .
libya 's bid to host the 2019 africa cup of nations has been boosted by the country 's decision to host host the tournament .
new zealand all - rounder corey anderson has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
when barack obama addressed the african union -lrb- au -rrb- assembly on thursday , he did n't think he would be a ` ` pretty good president '' .
a police officer who used ` ` skype '' to contact a paedophile who called him a paedophile has been jailed for four years .
the scottish government has ordered an investigation into the release of beavers in tayside in the highlands .
castleford tigers produced a stunning second - half performance to beat wakefield trinity and win the super league grand final .
french authorities have started an investigation into the eviction of roma -lrb- gypsy -rrb- in paris .
us actor tom terri is set to star in a remake of ghostbusters , according to reports .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at why chicken is being born in africa .
former indycar driver justin wilson has died in a crash in the us , his family has confirmed .
josh taylor is a ` ` phenomenal force '' who can challenge for a world title , according to his trainer .
australia pace bowler mitchell johnson says he would like to see his side return to action in the first test against england .
the ` ` cultural chess '' was the most successful festival in the uk , according to a new report .
ricky burns was once again looking forward to becoming the world 's most powerful boxer in boxing history .
the first phase of the hs2 high - speed rail project has been announced by the government .
wales secured their first win of the six nations with a hard - fought victory over scotland in edinburgh .
fifa president gianni infantino says he will be able to host the 2023 world cup in ` ` one or two countries '' .
hampshire and england batsman michael carberry has been discharged from pre - season training after recovering from cancer .
the head of china 's biggest car maker baidu has been arrested after he was seen apparently discussing the safety of his vehicle .
teachers should be vigilant for those who practise female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- , according to a teachers ' group .
scientists have discovered the first team of spider - shaped spiders in their spider - shaped system .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the death of a suffragette who was jailed for assisting the prime minister .
china may have lost control of the country 's first ` ` space station '' , according to a senior official .
there has been a rise in the number of people trespassing on railway tracks in wales , police have said .
a man has been found guilty of killing his ex - girlfriend in an unprovoked attack .
chris ashton scored two first - half hat - tricks as saracens beat bath to reach the european challenge cup quarter - finals .
` ` urgent '' action is needed to tackle a ` ` crisis '' in cumbria , a tourism boss has said .
the mysterious bright spots on the surface of the dwarf planet ceres have been spotted in a series of bright spots .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the creation of virtual doctors in zambia .
south africa 's biggest brewer , ab inbev , has confirmed it has agreed to buy rival rival ab inbev .
police searching for a missing airman have renewed their appeal for information on the disappearance of an airman .
a man has died in a fire at a house in kilmarnock , police have said .
the amount of black bags collected by pembrokeshire council could be cut by three years , according to a report .
rebel forces in syria have announced they are to launch an offensive on rebel - held areas in response to a ceasefire .
it 's one of the most likely universities in the uk that graduates will have to pay back their fee loans .
ospreys kept alive their hopes of reaching the european champions cup quarter - finals with a draw against racing 92 .
st johnstone moved up to fourth in the scottish premiership with victory over hamilton academical . . . .   < q >
the travel firm tui group has said it is ` ` deeply shocked '' by the terror attack in tunisia which 38 people were killed .
an average of 13,000 drivers in cardiff have been caught by a camera on the m6 .
an in - out eu referendum should be held on a different date for the welsh and scottish parliament elections , the party has said .
two men have been jailed for defrauding businesses and businesses out of tens of thousands of pounds .
craig gordon says he has no ` ` more incentive '' to keep his place in scotland 's top - flight .
smart glasses have been designed to improve the vision of blind people in the uk by using smart glasses .
the uk 's manufacturing sector has fallen sharply in the first three months of 2016 , according to a survey .
donald trump 's surprise withdrawal from the trans pacific partnership -lrb- tpp -rrb- trade deal will end in september .
atletico madrid came from behind to draw with barcelona and keep their hopes of winning the spanish title alive .
the bank of scotland has announced a new plastic version of its # 5 note , featuring winston churchill and winston churchill .
the republic of ireland 's economy grew by 7.7 % in 2014 , according to official figures .
scientists are turning to artificial intelligence and artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- to help find a new drug .
cannabis is legal in the uk and could be legalised in the united states , according to a campaigner .
the uk and kurdish forces fighting islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in the iraqi city of mosul say they are ` ` very clear '' of their self - belief .
leicester tigers number eight josh ben will miss the rest of the season with a serious knee injury , the club have confirmed .
a ` ` perverse '' charge for convicted criminals has been criticised by a committee of mps .
aston villa boss eric black says he did not have a choice to remove midfielder marnick van aanholt .
india 's football association is looking to revive the country 's football fortunes , but it is also a huge challenge .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in an attack in denny .
the berlin philharmonic orchestra has failed to reach an agreement on a successor to the head of the organisation .
a 21-year - old man has died after being found seriously injured in a flat in dublin .
beyonce has been nominated for the 2016 grammy awards , which will take place at this year 's grammy awards .
two paintings by adolf hitler have sold at auction in germany for more than 100,000 euros -lrb- # 65,000 -rrb- .
a 19-year - old man has been taken to hospital after falling into the sea off anglesey .
satellite images from the iraqi city of mosul have revealed the destruction of the city 's main runway .
it 's a common sense of depression and mental health issues that you ' ve been suffering from depression .
staff at swansea university have been accused of being ` ` physically and physically abused '' by two senior managers .
a canadian ice cream company has offered to buy a school in the north - west of the country .
bury boosted their league one play - off hopes with a 2 - 1 victory over coventry at bury .
belfast storm moved into the elite league play - off quarter - finals with victory over manchester storm .
chelsea 's jose mourinho has been discharged from hospital after suffering a head injury during sunday 's game with china .
mae cynlluniau wedi cael eu cynlluniau yn cael eu bod yn yn yng nghaerdydd .
an australian team has carried out a major operation to remove part of the leg of a toddler from bangladesh .
belize is one of the most sparsely populated countries in the world , but it is also known as the ` ` world '' .
celtic captain scott brown says the club have ` ` let themselves down '' after a poor start to the season .
rugby union 's world cup success in japan has been a major sporting event for the first time .
an nhs trust that was placed in special measures after an investigation into high death rates is to be lifted .
fenerbahce captain robin van persie is recovering after suffering a serious eye injury in his side 's 1 - 0 win over fenerbahce .
star wars creator craig stevens has sold a rare piece of memorabilia worth more than # 100,000 .
a man has been charged with murder after a woman was stabbed to death in south - west london .
an nhs trust that runs two hospitals in east london has been placed in special measures by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
emma croker will make her first start for england in saturday 's six nations match against ireland .
league two side portsmouth have signed former notts county defender christian ribeiro on a two - year deal .
uk troops fighting somalia 's islamist militant group al - shabab will be sent to south sudan , david cameron has said .
london underground has apologised after a fire broke out at oxford circus station on the tracks .
a suspected world war two bomb has been found in a street in sheffield , police have said , after a device was found .
former paralympic champion david weir says he has been ` ` stabbed in the back '' after announcing his retirement from athletics .
a rare gorilla has been captured on camera at a zoo in the uk for the first time in its history .
physical education -lrb- pe -rrb- should be added to the curriculum in schools in wales , according to a report .
the world 's most famous particle - shaped structure has been created by a british - based physicist .
the new leader of the afghan taliban says he has not been chosen by the group 's supporters .
rangers have appointed former manchester city boss mark allen as their new director of football , subject to clearance .
the number of people watching the new series of celebrity big brother has risen by more than a million .
plans for a new # 25 m training centre in cardiff have been given the go - ahead .
the number of people dying on the roads in england and wales rose by 3 % in 2014 , according to official figures .
a grade ii * listed building in dorset is to be restored for the first time in more than a century .
manchester city boss roberto mancini says carlos tevez could return to the premier league in the future .
the head of the scottish government 's plans to change the role of a senior civil servant at the ancient university of scotland has said .
the owner of lego , the world 's biggest toy company , has changed its anti - semitic policy .
three teenagers have been given detention orders after disorder at a police van in torfaen , monmouthshire .
a squirrel was ` ` sozzle '' and ` ` lucky to be alive '' when he accidentally ran over a bar , a charity has said .
it 's one of the best - known sporting stars of the quiz show the world .
league one side bolton wanderers have signed cardiff city goalkeeper scott flinders on a two - year contract . .
fossil evidence of the first pine tree in the world has been discovered in the canadian province of oregon .
a man has been taken to hospital after a ` ` significant '' fire in an area of glasgow .
a ` ` horrendous '' collection of ` ` handwritten '' notes has been found on bbc one .
a man has died after he was hit by a car in kent , police have said in the early hours .
tommy seymour 's last - gasp try helped glasgow warriors to victory over leinster at the rds .
labour should ` ` shut up shop shop '' if it wins the assembly election , the party 's leader has said .
catalans dragons prop brett mason has signed a new one - year contract with the super league club .
quentin tarantino has admitted he was ` ` very flattered '' by his music criticising the director 's music .
south sudan 's rebel leader riek machar has said he is going to return to south sudan .
plans to create a combined authority for oxfordshire have been criticised by the county 's council for failing to run services .
the family of a seven - year - old boy who was seriously injured in a hit - and - run crash in southampton say they have been ` ` overwhelmed '' by the response .
a special day has been held in coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the city 's bombing of dresden .
a doctor who delivered a ` ` medical package '' delivered to sir bradley wiggins ' tour de france team has been asked to give evidence to mps .
it 's one of the most dangerous planes in the world , and it 's the worst year of the year .
two metropolitan police officers who racially abused two teenagers have been awarded # 11,000 in damages .
the family of a british backpacker stabbed to death in australia have paid tribute to their ` ` darling '' .
the son of former northampton town chairman david cardoza has said he is under ` ` confidentiality '' after the collapse of the borough council .
the roman catholic church has ordered the vatican to declare a saint who was beatification by the late mother teresa .
it 's a good thing for the rest of the uk , but it 's no surprise that the two countries will not be leaving the country .
thousands of residents in the chilean town of calbuco have returned to their homes after an eruption on thursday .
a man has died after he was attacked by a shark in western australia , police say , the man who died .
the south korean town of ulsan is home to the world 's biggest shipyards , but it does n't seem like it .
in the centre of the german city of duesseldorf , the city 's main square is the centre .
vodafone has said it is ` ` unsure '' about the future of the uk 's eu membership .
the south west of england is to get a share of the government 's first - home fund .
a butcher 's shop has been left ` ` gutted '' after thieves stole hundreds of pounds worth of meat .
two yorkshire police forces are to merge with two police forces in a deal worth [ UNK ] # 60 m .
the migrant crisis in europe 's second largest democracy party , the eu 's centre - right centre - right freedom party -lrb- fp -rrb- , has swept to a new low .
catalans dragons have signed prop willie mason from nrl side sydney roosters on a two - year deal .
sir bradley wiggins has denied using illegal anti - doping -lrb- tues -rrb- treatment for asthma .
floyd mayweather mayweather 's training complex in manchester city centre is a ` ` game changer '' .
the number of children 's social workers in england has risen by more than a third in a year , figures show .
the closure of 30 shellfish beds in cornwall and cornwall has been lifted by the marine standards authority -lrb- fsa -rrb- .
the family of a black man who died after being attacked by police have called for calm after a night out .
george north says the british and irish lions need to kick on their tour of new zealand next week .
the syrian government has announced it will take full control of the country 's second largest rebel group .
a gym has apologised after an ` ` alien '' anti - smoking poster appeared on its website .
police in italy say they have arrested 32 people in connection with a football match - fixing ring .
a restored 19th century flour mill in hampshire is set to be restored to the public for the first time .
labour and labour have clashed over health services in the north - east of england in a debate .
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as portugal came from behind to beat sweden in the first leg of their europa league quarter - final .
us president - elect donald trump has urged democrats to launch an investigation into the hacking of the democratic party .
pope benedict has celebrated the 70th anniversary of the birth of the knights of malta , the highest - ranked catholic organisation in the world .
it 's one of the greatest teams of all time - and it 's the greatest players in the world .
the father of missing airman corrie mckeague has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' after he went missing .
the use of tablet computers in schools is ` ` unacceptable '' , according to a report by highland council .
the world 's longest - running crime novel has been officially opened in the maze in london .
police have released cctv footage of the gunman who killed 12 people at the lindt cafe in sydney .
a mexican man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a us agent who was arrested in august 2012 .
a head teacher has written to parents warning of ` ` unthinkable '' cuts to school funding .
a college that offers degree courses for people with ` ` special educational needs '' is facing closure .
one of australia 's best - known paintings , barbara churcher , has died aged 84 .
the prime minister has told the bbc she 's ` ` ca n't curl up '' and ` ` curl up with '' on christmas night .
a man has died after his car was involved in a crash with a lorry on the a90 north of scotland .
australia 's poorest children are living in poverty , according to the country 's social services .
aberdeen - based oil and gas services firm aker has said it is to cut 160 jobs .
plans to increase council tax by 15 % in england are ` ` unaffordable '' , a council leader has said .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he will be ` ` better '' in future after his side reached the fa cup quarter - finals .
york city have signed midfielder kai kamdjo on a two - year deal after his release by forest green rovers .
the royal welsh rugby player of the year , dame helen williams , is to attend a parade in cardiff .
it 's one of the most common gcse subjects in english and maths , but it 's a good gcse .
fifa president sepp blatter has launched his bid to become the world 's next president .
ukip needs to be the ` ` natural party '' of wales if it wins the 2016 assembly election , a former labour minister has said .
a us media reporter has been charged with assaulting a reporter at an event in florida last month .
plans have been submitted for a new technology park on the site of the university of bognor regis .
a girl has been seriously injured after she was bitten by a dog in the early hours of the morning .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says it is ` ` not done '' with midfielder joe allen 's future .
a football fan has been given a 12-month suspended sentence after admitting a breach of football association rules .
a man accused of murdering a wrexham man with a crossbow has told a court he had no money to do with the attack .
the father of a woman who died in a gang - rape attack in india has said he is proud of her daughter .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower on wednesday after disappointing results and disappointing results .
the world 's largest space agency , [ UNK ] , has launched its first satellite , the [ UNK ] , in peru .
leicestershire speedway club has agreed a deal to remain with the team for 2017 , the bbc has learned .
the uk has voted to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- after the uk voted in favour of staying in the eu .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has overturned a ban on five players playing in sudan 's africa cup of nations qualifier .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who died in a house fire in greater manchester .
hospital operations in wales could be cancelled due to pressures on hospitals , the chief executive of the nhs has warned .
a lollipop lady was ` ` truly sorry '' for causing her death by dangerous driving , a court has heard .
activity in the uk 's manufacturing sector picked up in may , according to a closely watched survey .
a man who stabbed a fellow passenger on a train has been detained indefinitely under the mental health act .
the cost of watching football in the uk has risen for the first time since the 2010 financial crisis .
the first white lions to be born in south africa have been released into the wild in the us .
two men have been taken to hospital after a tanker carrying suspected acid overturned off the st ives coast .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says his side must ` ` fight every game '' after their relegation from the premier league .
the green party 's policy on brexit should be ` ` completely arrogant and arrogant '' , its leader caroline lucas has said .
when ryan ryan first started drug dealing in new zealand in 2002 , he was a victim of the drugs scandal .
the number of first - time buyers in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since january 2014 , according to surveyors .
japanese carmaker mazda has unveiled a new engine that will be the world 's first commercial petrol engine .
a human skull has been found near a busy motorway in shropshire , police have said , after a man 's skull was found .
at least 55 greyhound puppies have been found dumped in queensland , australia , in february , say police .
playing golf could improve the health of people , according to a new study by the world golf foundation .
league two side northampton town have agreed a deal with the borough council to take over the running of the league two club .
the closure of a police control centre in dumfries and galloway has been described as a ` ` significant improvement '' .
more teachers in wales have been banned from teaching for six years over a period of a few years .
house prices in the east of england rose by 6.2 % in the year to the end of august , according to official figures .
the father of two reservists who died during an sas selection exercise has told an inquest the deaths of their son .
the first images of the vietnam war have been released by the us - based magazine ubelong .
mark stoneman 's maiden century helped durham to victory over warwickshire on day two at edgbaston .
plans to build hundreds of student accommodation at the university of aberdeen have been given the go - ahead .
dover boosted their national league play - off hopes with a 2 - 0 victory over struggling guiseley .
uganda 's main opposition leader kizza besigye , who has been killed by president yoweri museveni , says he is fighting for the presidency .
the chief executive of a heritage group in cardigan has resigned following a series of reports of bullying .
police have launched an investigation after a man was found dead at a hotel in edinburgh died from stab wounds .
russian president dmitry medvedev has warned that the country is facing the worst threat of world war three .
police investigating the rape of a teenager in greater manchester have released cctv images of two men they want to trace .
northern ireland 's fire service has said it is investigating reports of a bonfire in east belfast on tuesday .
supermarket chain morrisons has raised the price of marmite for marmite in marmite , according to reports .
the head of the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- , issa el amrani , has resigned from his position as secretary general .
northern ireland 's biggest teaching union has rejected a pay offer from five of its biggest teaching unions .
the prison reform trust has launched an inquiry into the future of prisoners in england and wales on release .
a cyber - attack on the tpb website has been blamed for the attack on the site .
the oxford roald dahl children 's dictionary has been produced by the author 's office for the first time .
a ` ` critically endangered '' species in hong kong can be established as a self - sustaining bird , according to researchers .
scotland 's nursing workforce is ` ` going through the roof '' , according to a leading nursing union .
a detention sergeant accused of killing a man with paranoid schizophrenia was ` ` not at fault '' , a court has heard .
former world number one andy lendl says he is looking to return to coaching after his partnership with andy murray .
the former head of the french resistance movement , raymond aubrac , has died at the age of 89 .
a lorry has crashed into a house in north ayrshire , killing a woman and injuring another .
double olympic champion nicola adams says she will no longer be able to defend her title in women 's boxing .
oscar oscar 's injury - time goal gave brazil a 2 - 1 victory over brazil in the olympic men 's football final .
china 's three gold medallists have been banned for a year by the international olympic committee for failing drugs tests .
ben affleck says he is ` ` surprised '' by the decision to pull out of the role of matt damon and matt damon in the new york film .
glamorgan made it two wins from two in the one - day cup as they beat gloucestershire by seven wickets .
the world 's most famous bandstand marathon has taken place in london 's olympic park .
league two side crewe alexandra have signed former bolton wanderers and mk dons defender juhau jaaskelainen on a one - year contract .
a teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of 16-year - old bailey bailey gwynne .
google has announced that it is ending production of its smart glasses in order to improve the technology 's future .
the uk 's manufacturing sector has fallen for the first time in three years , according to the latest industry figures .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has failed in its legal duty to stop loyalist protests .
us singer chris brown is in a critical condition in hospital after he was shot at a concert in california .
a dramatic decline in the number of wild gibbons in china has been described as a ` ` dramatic decline '' .
overweight children may be overweight or obese when they are underweight , according to a new report .
marcus rashford and marouane fellaini both scored in each half as manchester united came from behind to draw at old trafford .
the cost of housing in england is the ` ` biggest drain on our budget '' , according to shelter .
league two side leicester city have signed birmingham city midfielder alex hector on a season - long loan deal .
england captain frank lampard says he would not want wayne rooney to leave the squad for euro 2016 .
hampshire and sussex both slipped to the bottom of the one - day cup as they lost to glamorgan at lord 's .
tributes have been paid to a pilot who died in a light aircraft crash at the carfest .
the chief rabbi of the labour party has been awarded a knighthood in the new year honours list .
the church of england and the scottish episcopal church have agreed to formally recognise the relationship between the two churches .
the first class of ` ` thermosets '' plastic has been made in the us , according to scientists .
police in indian - administered kashmir say they have arrested a man accused of desecrating a hindu temple .
more than a third of international students in the uk think brexit would make them more attractive , according to a new survey .
a county antrim schoolgirl who posted offensive messages on facebook was ` ` made a criminal '' , a court has ruled .
a 21-year - old iranian woman who was barred from flying at heathrow airport has said she will not be able to travel under new us visas .
two of the uk 's biggest energy projects have been axed by the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- .
young people are more likely to be less rich than those born in retirement , according to a new study .
britain 's laura trott won the national track cycling championships with victory in the women 's individual pursuit .
a police officer has been jailed for four years after he was hit by a stolen car in berkshire .
oscar [ UNK ] was a self - defence agent who has been on the run for 15 years .
middlesex seamer mark wood has been named in england 's 15-man squad for the north v south series in march .
a campaign has been launched to stop work to remove the entrance to a swansea apartment in which dylan thomas died .
a man 's remains have been found in a ceredigion forest , police have said .
police are investigating hate crimes against polish citizens who fell victim to the uk 's decision to leave the eu .
at least 11 people have been killed in three explosions in yemen 's capital , sanaa , officials say .
an islamic group has been evacuated from the us capitol building in washington after a suspicious powder was found in a suspicious envelope .
a high court order issued by police to convicted rapist eric gough has been issued by a judge .
work to rebuild a multi - million pound shopping centre which has been severely damaged by fire is to start .
police in germany are searching for a 19-year - old man suspected of killing a nine - year - old boy .
the liberal democrats have gained cardiff south and penarth from the conservatives in a by - election .
the first match of the world 's blind cricket series takes place in the south indian capital , delhi .
a man has been injured in a suspected gas explosion at the international airport in china , state media report .
cardiff devils boss dean kelman says the team 's team are ` ` not the bad guy '' for their challenge cup final clash .
the british embassy in libya has withdrawn foreign office staff from the uk embassy in the capital , tripoli .
a 21-year - old man has died after falling from a block of flats , police said .
london underground -lrb- rmt -rrb- union members are to vote on whether to accept a pay package for the night tube service .
a young tennis player who became the first black player to win an award for young people has won a youth awards .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
jersey reds have ` ` the right road '' to challenge for top four in the premiership , according to former captain darren stevens .
a man who raped and robbed a woman as she walked to a bus station in leicester has been jailed .
sunderland manager sam allardyce says he will not be affected by the club 's relegation from the premier league .
a retired clergyman tried to hypnotise four boys in a ` ` coma '' , a court has heard .
northern ireland has been battered by strong winds and heavy rain as storm barney swept across the country on sunday .
a 16-year - old boy arrested in connection with the disappearance of two teenagers from bradford has been bailed .
three - year - old kai n't wait for his family to return home after fighting in central africa .
mental health patients are being sent to a secure part of a mental health unit because of a rise in the number of detentions .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling centre in greater manchester , forcing the closure of several vehicles .
a us judge has ordered apple to pay more than $ 506 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 576 m -rrb- to a university in the us over a patent dispute .
a public audit committee has raised concerns about the finances of nhs highland 's largest hospital in inverness .
lib dem leader nick clegg has accused the conservatives of ` ` piecemeal tinkering '' with their ` ` commitment to democracy '' .
britain 's double olympic champion mo farah has become the first british man to win the 60,000 m race .
a woman has admitted attacking a woman with a dog that attacked her and attacked her friend in aberdeen .
mae dyn 31 oed wedi cael eu penderfyniad yng nghymru wedi dweud wrth iddyn nhw yn nhw ' n nhw ' n ymddeoliaen cael eu bod yn ymddeoliaen ymddeoliaen nhw ' n yn ymddeoliaen ymddeoliaeth .
british number three aljaz bedene says he wants to play in the olympic games in 2020 .
hibernian defender james stevenson hopes the club can compete at the top of the scottish league for a few years .
leave campaigner harriet harman has argued that the european union would be in jeopardy if britain votes to leave the eu .
film - maker curzon is to be presented with an award for outstanding british contribution to cinema .
west ham have signed mexico striker javier hernandez from german side bayer leverkusen for an undisclosed fee .
the snp has set up two key parliamentary committees to form part of the uk 's energy policy .
brazil 's president dilma rousseff has returned to the capital , brasilia , after losing her impeachment .
a 30-year - old man has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary - style attack in londonderry .
ukip am neil reckless is set to join the party 's group in cardiff bay , bbc wales understands .
a reservist who died while on a training exercise was ` ` half - an - hour '' , an inquest has heard .
northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- dcc -rrb- has said there is ` ` no agreement '' in dealing with the past .
indian drinks tycoon vijay mallya is set to receive a $ 75 m -lrb- [ UNK ] # 65 m -rrb- payout from the indian supreme court .
yorkshire diamonds have appointed former england under-19 international paul grayson as their new head coach on a two - year deal .
the bbc 's geeta pandey collection of 30,000 indian - based shoebox labels has opened in mumbai and india .
hearts have signed former dundee united and dundee united midfielder prince buaben on a one - year contract .
the uk 's tax watchdog has said it wants to tackle the ` ` hidden economy '' .
at least 19 people have been killed in an attack on a checkpoint in eastern afghanistan , officials say .
the head of the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has asked the irish government to review facebook 's handling of leaks .
a us citizen has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for spying for iran , the judiciary says .
a rare female bird of the lowes is set to become the first female to successfully bred in scotland .
craig mcallister 's injury - time equaliser earned aldershot a draw at eastleigh .
an investigation has been launched into an allegation of malpractice in a school exam .
the family of a four - year - old boy who died after being hit by a motorbike in cyprus say they are ` ` mortified '' .
prince charles has urged tony blair to consider introducing a cull of badgers in england , the prince of wales has said .
police investigating the death of a man in glasgow have said they are still trying to trace a man who was seen in the city centre .
a man has appeared in court accused of making a ` ` threatening and offensive '' incident at celtic park .
as the blitz continues to batter the city of manchester , bbc news takes a look at some of the city 's key landmarks .
a grandmother who strangled her mother with a scarf while she was in hospital has been jailed for life .
apple has been accused of being ` ` bound '' for terms on its new advertising app -lrb- rss -rrb- .
a search is under way for the remains of king henry i and his sister at an abbey in reading .
the number of self - inflicted deaths in prisons in england and wales has risen by a fifth since 2012 , the prisons minister has said .
a man who broke into his ex - girlfriend 's flat in devon has been jailed for four years .
the nhs in london has been ` ` busier '' than ever before , according to doctors .
fans of hikaru sulu sulu sulu have spoken of their shock at the star trek beyond .
michael gove has said he would have been ` ` not the best person to put himself forward '' in the conservative leadership .
two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van on a road in cornwall , police said .
nasa has announced plans to carry out a mission to mars by 2020 , in a bid to bring back humans to earth .
scotland have signed south africa international centre huw jones on a two - year deal .s a year
the police ombudsman 's office in england and wales is to resume its investigations into historical events .
the uk has accused ecuador of failing to pay for policing its embassy in ecuador with julian assange .
captain alastair cook and graham westley both made half - centuries as division two leaders essex dominated day two against hampshire .
a court in china has ordered the release of prominent uighur academic ilham tohti , accused of separatism .
sir chris hoy has become the first man to carry the british flag at this summer 's rio olympics .
the first storm to hit the uk has been named as the ` ` most powerful storm '' .
a tropical storm has made landfall in the atlantic ocean , with strong winds and high sea temperatures reaching the atlantic .
portsmouth defender paul whatmough has signed a new two - year contract with the league two club .
it 's one of the world 's best - selling businesses , but what does it mean ?
two 13-year - old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in a west yorkshire park .
kell brook will be out for at least six months after suffering a knee injury in his wbc middleweight title defeat by gennady golovkin .
the father of a woman who was found dead in a house in derbyshire said he has evidence that she was strangled .
scientists say they have developed a new blood test that could predict how well people are ageing well .
india 's largest women 's equality competition has attracted thousands of selfies from around the world .
the owners of glasgow 's arches venue have called on the scottish government to intervene in the future of the venue .
former aberdeen captain willie miller believes the current side can beat hibernian in saturday 's scottish cup semi - final .
plans to introduce mandatory staffing standards in scotland 's hospitals are to be unveiled by the scottish government .
former england assistant coach stuart lancaster is in talks to become the new head coach of the rugby union .
britain 's lionhearts won the wbc world flyweight title with victory over cuba 's orlando magic weekend .
a man from newton poppleford is to receive a 1,000-mile -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1,000 -rrb- tax bill .
a 24-hour strike by southern rail conductors on the southern rail network has been called off .
three syrian refugees who escaped police surveillance in the german city of leipzig have been awarded the country 's highest honour .
the parents of a man killed by a drink driver are calling for increased prison sentences for those who cause death by dangerous driving .
archaeologists have uncovered a ` ` unique '' ancient stone circle at a site in north - east england .
firefighters have tackled a large fire in a house in ballysillan , county londonderry .
a section of the ` ` blood swept '' ceramic poppies of world war one will be displayed at two museums across england .
the former chief of haiti , guy philippe , has appeared in court on charges of drug - related offences .
deutsche bank has confirmed that it will move 1,000 staff to the uk from the european union .
bt is to roll out fibre broadband services to remote parts of the uk by the end of 2020 .
more than 4,000 new homes could be built on greenbelt land in york , according to a report .
ten years ago , 19-year - old chilla was sitting in her school in her classroom .
northampton town 's olly toney says he is ` ` enjoying home '' after his loan spell at newcastle united .
the main political parties in england and wales will be taking part in the general election on 8 june .
the construction of a new # 14 m school campus in wick has been delayed until october due to delays .
petrol prices rose by more than 100p per litre for the first time in three years , according to the rac .
romania 's johanna konta has been suspended for two weeks after being found guilty of abusing a female reporter .
people have been asked to help restore a pembrokeshire village 's ancient site to a pembrokeshire nature reserve .
a transgender woman has spoken of her frustration at being ` ` in the wrong body '' at a clinic in belfast .
china 's biggest carmaker , baidu , is teaming up with google to develop self - driving vehicles .
a statue of ap mccoy has been unveiled at cheltenham festival in memory of his former champion hurdle winner ap mccoy .
the shakespeare world 's most famous theatre is in the midst of an experiment in re - creating ancient audiences .
a change to the law on abortion in england and wales has been defeated in the house of commons .
the number of women in india 's workforce has fallen to its lowest level since 2010 , according to a new study .
a plan to reintrodu wild lynx to parts of the uk is being considered by farmers and farmers .
jk rowling has apologised for posting abusive messages on twitter about her political views .
mount etna , the world 's largest volcanic ash volcano , has erupted in italy on sunday .
the government has suffered a major defeat in the house of lords over plans to relax sunday trading rules .
a man has been shot dead in spain in the latest wave of anti - government protests .
you would n't have heard of donald trump 's face - to - face with the ` ` horrendous '' and ` ` horrifying '' .
royal mail has warned that it faces a ` ` catastrophe '' after it warned that competition could threaten its business .
a charity boss who gave a teenager the chance to become a bone marrow donor has been given a suspended jail term .
three anti - government activists in russia have been disqualified from taking part in a regional ballot .
the families of 43 students who died in a drug gang gang in mexico say they are still alive .
ex - england footballer mark woodward says he has been ` ` suffering more than one abuser '' by police .
residents in a cambridgeshire village have been told to boil their tap water after a burst main led to an increase in the amount of chlorine .
it 's the best way to find your hotel room , but it 's not that you ' ve ever seen .
police in the us state of texas have arrested more than 100 people in connection with the kidnapping of prisoners .
a man has been left with serious injuries after he was attacked on a road in teesside .
a prehistoric encampment found at stonehenge was the ` ` most pre - history '' encampment ever found in the uk , an expert has said .
france 's far - right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- party leader [ UNK ] pen is to step down , according to reports .
at least 13 people have been killed and more than 50 injured in an oil pipeline blast in mexico , officials say .
emma watson has launched an international campaign to encourage women to get gender equality in the world 's richest countries .
great britain 's nicola adams will defend her wbc international featherweight title against spain 's viviane salazar on saturday .
plans for a new # 40 m regional education centre in torfaen have been given the go - ahead .
ross county defender andrew davies has signed a new two - year contract with the premiership club until 2019 .
more than 100 veterans who died in the battle of the somme are to be remembered at a memorial centre .
the inquest into the death of a boy by a rubber bullet in west belfast almost 40 years ago is a ` ` significant risk '' to his health , a coroner has said .
police searching for a missing woman in conwy county have renewed their appeal for information on her disappearance .
a bus company is to close with the loss of more than 50 jobs , a union has said .
the introduction of minimum pricing for alcohol in england and wales has been described as ` ` a lottery '' by a house of lords committee .
teachers are being ` ` misled '' by the use of unqualified teachers , according to a teachers ' union .
teenagers are better at learning from their experiences than adults , according to us researchers in the journal neuron .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offences , west midlands police said .
plans to expand a wind farm on moorland in greater manchester have been given the go - ahead .
temporary classrooms are to be built on the site of a fire - damaged academy in west sussex .
manchester city have announced the signing of argentine striker carlos tevez on a permanent deal after the club 's owners pulled out of the transfer window .
a scottish conservative msp has been accused of ` ` blatant disrespect '' after a senior referee was asked to resign .
eating the same diets in our diets is ` ` boring '' , according to researchers .
people ` ` feel better '' after watching aquariums in parks , according to a new study .
a new car - maker has launched a feature that allows parents to learn how the vehicle is driven .
a florida man has pleaded guilty to the murder of his wife by taking a picture of him on facebook .
david bowie has died at the age of 18 , his son has confirmed .   's death from cancer .
the football association 's former director heather rabbatts is to step down from her role as chairman of the governing body .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film - maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the challenges facing kenya 's political crisis .
a newspaper has defended its decision to invite prime minister theresa may 's visit to heston in cornwall .
the new chief executive of south wales ' health board has been named by the city 's chief executive .
england 's under-20 world cup team have been named football world champions for the first time .
england 's euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania in october will be charged with breaching european football association rules .
itv workers have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay , the company has said , following a pay dispute .
disability benefit claimants in england will receive a personal independence payment from next year , the government has announced .
leicester tigers winger ellis genge has signed a new three - year contract with the premiership club , with the option of a further year .
call of duty : black ops iii 's first - person shooter game has been released in singapore .
a man 's body has been recovered from the river nith in dumfries and galloway .
portugal 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the world cup were dented as nani 's goal gave them victory in salvador .
the bbc will broadcast live premier league matches for the first time in three years , starting in august .
northern ireland 's department of defence -lrb- drd -rrb- has won a high court battle over a contract to build a major road project .
the number of teachers in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade , according to the scottish government .
up to 600 jobs could be lost at a college in dumfries and galloway , the bbc understands .
the eiffel tower in paris has reopened to the public on monday following friday 's terror attacks .
us president donald trump 's plan to slash spending on foreign aid has been criticised by the white house .
four british teenagers have been detained in turkey on suspicion of travelling to syria , the bbc has learned .
battersea power station is to be sold for a second time in a deal worth more than [ UNK ] # 500 m .
league two side accrington stanley have signed poland defender aleks klich from mk dons for an undisclosed fee .
the leader of plaid cymru has urged voters not to ` ` stifle debate '' about cutting the top rate of tax .
truro city head coach marek churcher says his side 's ` ` tough '' performance in sunday 's national league game against bottom club chinnor will not be a waste of time .
a company has been fined # 75,000 after a worker was injured when a forklift truck was hit by a man .
critics of the reboot of ghostbusters have given their reaction to the reboot 's reviews .
the critically endangered birds of flamingo can stand one - legged on one leg , according to us scientists .
the department of education spent # 1bn in the last two years to expand academies in england , a report says .
the shadow foreign secretary has said labour will not vote in favour of brexit unless the party does not agree the draft bill .
widnes vikings head coach denis betts says his side are still doing ` ` good things '' despite their poor start to the super league season .
paralympic champion kadeena cox and richard cockroft have been named in the great britain team for the world athletics championships .
a londonderry - based engineering firm has announced plans to create 40 new jobs in the city .
glasgow warriors have signed scotland prop alex rae and scot bhatti from glasgow warriors for next season .
league two side accrington stanley have signed crystal palace defender callum mcgregor on loan until the end of the season .
west brom boss tony pulis says the club have ` ` become film stars '' after returning to the premier league .
a murder inquiry is under way after a man 's body was found in a lay - by .
the us is set to impose a 30 % increase in the amount of maize produced in the us this year .
theresa may has accused jeremy corbyn of being a ` ` cunning plan '' for brexit .
exeter city football club has reported a pre - tax profit of # 1.6 m for 2014 - 15 .
a drink driver who was banned from driving for life after being found guilty of drink - driving has been given a community payback order .
police investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead during a burglary are searching a river in dorset .
a man has been charged with the murder of two teenage boys at a prison in hampshire in july .
league two side cheltenham town have signed left - back carlos atangana on a two - year deal following his release by peterborough united .
the uk 's biggest energy suppliers have announced plans for a cap on household bills in the run - up to the general election .
the bank of england 's interest rate - setters have voted for a rise in the first time since 2009 .
a # 13,000 scheme aimed at tackling fraud has been launched by police in the uk .
german chancellor angela merkel has said the uk 's brexit plan is ` ` a good start '' .
two of england 's oldest swimming pools have been listed in a new list of world heritage sites .
newcastle falcons director of rugby dean richards says there is ` ` far more to come out '' from his side .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
a report into the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a hostel has called for staff to be sent to prison .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 closed lower , with mining shares leading the way after disappointing results .
two children have been taken to hospital after a car mounted a pavement and hit a barrier on a busy road .
a 33-year - old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of edward haugh in county fermanagh .
venezuela 's national baseball coach has called for a boycott of the country 's national volleyball league .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
the funeral of a polish boxer who died after a fight has taken place in his home town , his family has said .
an inquest into the death of a student who died in a flat fire in china has been opened .
a football club has paid tribute to a bride - to - be who had to wait for her wedding day .
welsh touring car driver elfyn evans won the first round of the world rally championship -lrb- wrc -rrb- in sweden .
the owners of a park in blaby have said they are ` ` disappointed '' by the decision to buy it .
flights between orkney and shetland have been cancelled after damage caused by ` ` blown apart '' signal failure .
former scottish first minister alex salmond has predicted a second independence referendum is likely to be the start of 2018 .
league two side ross county have signed former wigan athletic midfielder louis lai on loan until the end of the season .
a police community support officer has been jailed for causing the death of a motorcyclist by dangerous driving .
cctv cameras could be introduced at glasgow 's necrail area , according to a senior officer .
the airline , which operates the uk 's biggest travel company , is in talks with regulators over its finances .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's main share index closed higher , with marks and spencer leading the way after the retailer said it would cut prices .
newcastle united 's football club has been banned from all football - related activity by hm revenue and customs .
crusaders ' hopes of reaching the irish cup final will be over as they attempt to secure a european spot .
michael dunlop set the fastest lap of the week at the isle of man tt as he set the world superbike practice record .
midfielder jack mackie has signed a new one - year contract with league two side scunthorpe united .
rugby union chairman gareth davies says the six nations is ` ` potentially damaging '' players ' health .
the makers of the popular podcast serial are set to develop a new series based on the work of a us serial podcast .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in a disturbance in paisley .
university staff in england are being balloted on strike action over a pay offer offered by their lecturers .
us president donald trump has pulled out of the world golf championship in mexico city because of a lack of sponsorship .
britain 's david swift has announced he is to retire from skeleton at the end of the season .
arsenal ladies captain nobbs has signed a new contract with the women 's super league one club .
bbc scotland presenter robbie williams is to retire from broadcasting at the end of the season , bbc scotland has announced .
celtic striker leigh griffiths says his team are ` ` fired up '' after winning the scottish premiership title .
more than 10,000 people have been left without power after heavy rain and flooding in the us state of baton rouge .
brazil have added kaka to their squad for next month 's africa cup of nations in gabon .
the chainsmokers have gone top of the uk album chart with their latest album , the chainsmokers .
hundreds of people have gathered to remember a man shot dead by police on a motorway in west yorkshire .
australia 's first female pilot , capt emma sutton , has been named as the first woman to take up the role of a major airline .
turkish police have fired tear gas and water cannon and tear gas to disperse protesters in istanbul and istanbul .
a former nhs chief executive who defrauded her husband out of # 10,000 has admitted fraud .
a man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted at a block of flats in edinburgh city centre .
northern ireland 's weekly papers have been given a suspended jail term for assaulting a man in spain .
a blogger has been ordered to pay # 25,000 in libel damages to a blogger who said he was ` ` not motivated by money '' .
the nepalese capital , kathmandu , has been hit by the devastating earthquake that has killed more than 2,000 people .
one of the uk 's biggest lenders has agreed to refund # 700,000 in unpaid loans .
emma pooley is to make her return to the olympic team for rio 2016 after being selected for the 2016 games .
singer ed sheeran has won the mercury prize for his debut album , the first time in his career .
hull city defender andrew robertson will miss the rest of the season after suffering a hampden calf injury .
woodside , australia 's largest oil and gas producer , has reported a sharp rise in profits .
thailand 's lower house of parliament has rejected a controversial anti - government amnesty bill , which was enacted last week .
the future of newport 's medieval ship is set to be moved to a new home in newport .
great britain 's joe burnell has become the first british swimmer to win a medal at the london marathon .
britain 's mo farah won his third gold of the 2016 world championships with victory in the 10,000 m relay .
british number one johanna konta and johanna konta will play in the first day of the us open .
china 's economy grew at a faster - than - expected pace in the first three months of the year .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed higher on wednesday , boosted by gains in mining shares .
a free school breakfast scheme in blackpool is to be extended until the end of next year , according to researchers .
maoist rebels in eastern india will not be allowed to run trains through the country , a regional leader has said .
a 31-year - old man has appeared in court charged with breaching the uk 's terrorism control order .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he has ` ` serious proposals '' to ensure jobs are not lost .
energy firm scottish power has launched a new ` ` meter '' scheme aimed at reducing prices for customers .
the co - operative insurance has announced that it will provide no claims bonus for drivers who have no claims bonuses .
former ireland coach phil simmons is in talks with west indies over a possible role in the ireland coaching team .
a man who was allegedly raped by six men in afghanistan has threatened to kill himself , his wife has told the bbc .
democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader peter robinson has said he is ` ` humbled '' by the party 's support .
the former leader of cardiff council , stephen simpson , has been named as the new leader of the authority .
nigel farage has predicted the uk will hold a referendum on eu membership next year , if there is no agreement .
plans for a housing development near aviemore have been refused by highland councillors after the area 's planning application was rejected .
league one side chesterfield have signed chesterfield striker armand gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- has announced the start of the women 's international cricket tournament in england .
pop star britney spears has become the first woman in the us to perform a show in las vegas .
the reliability of network rail 's network rail is a ` ` scandal '' , according to a regulator .
two bangladeshi men who were kidnapped in libya last month have been freed , the country 's foreign ministry says .
manchester united manager louis van gaal said he had picked three centre - backs in his side 's 2 - 2 draw with arsenal .
premiership side saracens have signed saracens winger dave porecki on a two - year deal .
jo pavey became the first british woman to win 5,000 m gold in the 100 m at the european championships .
the plaid cymru leader has said she would like to take responsibility for income tax in wales .
samsung has withdrawn the plug on its flagship galaxy note 7 phones , following a series of fires in south korea .
a teenager who had both legs and legs amputated when he was hit by a car in a crash has returned to motorsport .
the new york film critics circle has won three awards at the critics circle , including best picture award .
the port talbot steelworks is home to some of the most beautiful parts of the world , but it is not the only place to happen .
a sheep painted by schoolchildren in wrexham has been stolen from a road in the north wales valleys .
people using public transport could save money over the next five years , according to a new study in wales .
cambridge united 's hopes of reaching the fa cup fifth round were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester united .
a ` ` photobomb '' has captured a photobomb at a railway station in gwynedd .
walsall 's erhun oztumer scored twice as the saddlers beat swindon 2 - 0 at the county ground .
the uk 's construction industry shrank in june , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
one of the world 's most venomous snake species has been discovered in the mekong delta .
plans to transform aberystwyth university 's old college into a centre have been secured .
a woman has been arrested in connection with the theft of a mobile phone while the band 's tour .
the mayor of london has launched a ` ` hub '' aimed at tackling online hate crime in london .
a schoolgirl has been charged with sending a threat to a pupil 's home , the bbc understands .
miranda hannigan has made her first west end appearance as annie hannigan in the west end .
a police officer has said he is ` ` appalled '' after an attack on officers in county armagh .
five men have been charged in connection with a series of arrest warrants in oxford , police said .
plans to install cameras at the sonning eye estate in oxfordshire have been given the go - ahead .
former apprentice winner lord sugar has called for the bbc to make a spin - off show on the programme .
former commonwealth champion david millar has joined the british cycling team for the first time since serving a doping ban .
an independent report into abuse at a south gloucestershire hospital has found the care of staff was ` ` inadequate '' .
a woman who discovered a gold shell hidden in a gallery in scunthorpe has said she has done the ` ` queen '' .
a man has been arrested after police tried to stop a stolen car into a reservoir in merseyside .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell carded a six - under - par 66 to take a share of the lead at the wgc - hsbc champions in mexico .
french comedian dieudonne m'bala has said he is ` ` feeling like charlie coulibaly '' after the paris attacks .
portadown 's chris garrett has been given a one - match suspension by the irish fa after his side 's 3 - 2 win over ards .
britain 's andy murray beat australian nick kyrgios to reach the semi - finals of the australian open .
the bbc has announced plans to increase the number of new language services across the world by 2050 .
a ` ` patch '' patch that can help people with severe heart attacks has been discovered in mice .
a 13-year - old boy has been arrested on suspicion of indecently assaulting two girls at a park .
a memorial to a police officer who died on duty has been commissioned for the first time since his death .
a man has appeared in court charged with wilful fireraising after a fishing boat capsized off peterhead .
england 's gabby adcock and chris adcock are hoping to win a medal at the glasgow 2014 world championships .
celtic won the scottish cup for the first time in 13 years with a hard - fought victory over aberdeen .
juventus thrashed crotone to become the first team to win the serie a title since 2005 .
albania secured their place in the euro 2016 play - offs with a 3 - 0 victory over denmark in belgrade .
tens of thousands of people have attended the annual diwali celebrations in leicester , which have been taking place .
amazon 's prime video streaming service is to launch on - demand channels in the uk .
a world war two flag believed to have belonged to lord nelson is to be auctioned in ceredigion .
scientists are developing a new ` ` highly - anticipated '' mead to help tackle food poisoning and diabetics .
police in the republic of ireland are investigating the discovery of a human remains at a house in county armagh .
a search is under way for a missing woman who disappeared from a nightclub in west lothian last week .
jonathan rea will take ` ` some time to sink in '' after winning sunday 's world superbike race in abu dhabi .
mps have a chance to make laws in the house of commons , but they are unlikely to become law .
a campaigner has called for the french government to investigate a dispute over access to a memorial in south yorkshire .
england slumped to a crushing eight - wicket defeat by south africa in the second test in cardiff .
the mother of a chicago schoolgirl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on facebook says she has been ` ` terrified '' .
us president barack obama is to address a charity dinner attended by the former president of the united states .
celtic had to settle for a draw with kilmarnock in the scottish cup first round after suffering a second - half red card .
it 's the dream of the 2016 paralympic and paralympic games in london - and it 's not the dream .
the son of jean mcconville , who was arrested in connection with the murder of his wife jean mcconville in 1972 , has said he is ` ` ready for the backlash '' .
wales wing george north says he can not score enough tries in saturday 's six nations match against italy .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died after a caesarean birth was ` ` too soon '' , an inquest has heard .
a man accused of attempting to smuggle a deadly ricin poison into the dark net has appeared in court .
varun chopra 's maiden first - class century helped warwickshire to a draw with hampshire at edgbaston .
ireland beat south africa by nine wickets in their opening game of the quadrangular series in dublin .
it 's one of the most famous sports stars in the world - and it 's not a bad thing .
the family of a 12-year - old boy who died from a suspected debilitating neurological condition have said they are ` ` very nervous '' .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he became trapped on a metal fence in coventry .
the cost - effective drugs for hepatitis c could be cut by # 20 m a year by the nhs in england .
a man has been arrested after a man drove a stolen bulldozer into a house in australia .
formula 1 's governing body will meet to discuss the introduction of a double points rule in 2016 .
british cycling champion kelly gallagher has announced her son 's birth will be her first child on sunday .
plans to build a new bridge over the river thames in reading have been unveiled by the county council .
bhs pensions is set to lose its jobs as part of an overhaul of its pension scheme , bbc wales understands .
the world 's largest flower , the spadix , has reached its highest ever ever level .
the parents of a south african athlete who was convicted of the murder of his girlfriend say they are ` ` heartache '' and ` ` deeply saddened '' .
northern ireland 's first official negotiator will attend a special meeting of peace talks in colombia .
the future of manchester united football tickets has been ` ` chaotic '' at a college , the bbc has learned .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a busy junction at east london 's elephant and castle has reopened to traffic for the first time in 50 years .
` ` it 's not a bad thing , '' said john henn , ` ` i ' ve never seen '' .
gareth gunter says wales will cope with gareth bale 's absence from the 2018 world cup in serbia .
two - time winner senga won the king george vi chase at newbury for the first time since 2007 .
two tidal energy projects off pembrokeshire have been given the go - ahead by the welsh government .
former staff at a former army base in londonderry are taking legal action against the northern ireland executive .
the prince of wales , sir terry pratchett , who has died at the age of 89 , has been commemorated in a new book .
ukip 's immigration agency has defended its decision to leave the curry house after a row over immigration checks .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he is ` ` very confident '' he will leave the club this summer .
london underground -lrb- aslef -rrb- drivers have voted to accept a pay deal for the night tube .
newport county chief executive stuart davies says director of rugby graham westley is ` ` not sure '' the club are in charge of their own side .
egypt 's supreme court has overturned an appeal against ex - president asad shafiq 's ban from the presidential election .
a new search and rescue helicopter service is set to take place in south wales , it has been announced .
pakistan says it has created a hotline on the border between afghanistan and pakistan to combat the taliban .
two people have been seriously injured in a crash between a bus and a car in east lothian .
a former ambulance officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a teenage girl while he was on duty .
a labour mp has resigned from the party after sharing a ` ` anti - semitic '' image of israel .
derbyshire head coach danny wilson says his side 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter - finals are ` ` disappointing '' .
finnish student liisa ronkainen has become the first person in the country to find a permanent job .
the number of scots competing at this summer 's rio olympics is set to be a record - breaking number of athletes .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of giza in egypt 's capital , cairo , after a day of fierce anti - government protests .
the duke of kent has suffered a ` ` mild '' stroke while staying at balmoral 's home in aberdeen .
former liverpool captain jurgen klopp says steven gerrard wants to become a manager in the future .
photographer and photographer philip jenkinson has been photographing the ` ` best shot '' of his life .
a man has died in hospital after being injured at a sewage works in kent , police have said .
labour 's sadiq khan has been elected as the uk 's first muslim mayor of glasgow .
a new species of dolphin - scale gecko has been discovered in madagascar , according to scientists .
hollywood actor johnny depp and his wife amber heard have filed for divorce in a us court case .
north wales needs to be given more power to improve transport links , a leading economic adviser has said .
china 's manufacturing sector contracted for the first time in six months in september , according to a closely watched survey .
everton have submitted a plan to build a new stadium in the north liverpool town of goodison park .
alan archibald insists he is not trying to downgrade his reputation as scotland 's top football manager .
police are searching for a man who has gone missing from his home in east sussex on sunday afternoon .
an 18-year - old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after allegedly encouraging terrorism .
a bus has crashed into a wall in the scottish borders , leaving the road and hit a wall .
the archbishop of south africa has said he wants to apply his mind to the issue of assisted dying .
arsenal ladies beat birmingham city ladies to reach the women 's fa cup final for the first time .
at least 16 people have been injured in a crash between two commuter trains in oakland , california , officials say .
us president donald trump 's plan to cut international peacekeeping by $ 1bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1bn -rrb- is ` ` extremely disappointing '' , the un says .
celebrity big brother has been removed from the house of lords over comments he made about bisexual people , the show has confirmed .
tributes have been paid to british actor tony valentine , who has died at the age of 89 .
leonardo bonatini scored the only goal of the game as wolves beat middlesbrough to move up to fourth in the championship .
police in malaysia say they have carried out an attack on a cafe in the city of kuala lumpur .
a woman has died in a collision with a lorry on a busy junction in central london , transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said .
the us supreme court has ruled that president barack obama 's healthcare law can continue despite a supreme court ruling .
campaigners are set to descend on newport for the nato summit to discuss the future of world leaders .
five - time world champion ronnie o'sullivan says he has taken up smoking during the masters final .
the majority of women who have been vaccinated against cervical cancer in scotland will be lower than previously thought , according to new research .
mae prif weinidog cymru wedi cael eu cyhoeddi bod yn cael eu bod yn ysgolion yng nghaerdydd .
it 's one of the best things i have ever seen but i ' ve been playing for australia .
thousands of afghan girls have attended a concert in the capital , kabul , which was due to be held on saturday .
atletico madrid striker antoine griezmann will miss the rest of the season with a foot injury .
former world number one tiger woods says he is receiving ` ` professional help '' to deal with back pain and a sleep disorder .
a fox cub has been rescued by the scottish spca after it was found on a beach in fife .
the chief executive of cheshire east council has been suspended over allegations of misconduct in the authority 's ruling body .
cardiff blues came from behind to beat newport gwent dragons for the first time in the pro12 .
a man who was refused a mcdonald 's drive - thru drive - thru protest in bristol has said he will not be going anywhere .
an israeli woman accused of rape and indecently assaulting children at a israeli school has been extradited to israel .
plans to reintroduce flood forests into england 's countryside are ` ` highly effective '' , according to the environment secretary .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in dumfries and galloway have renewed their appeal for information .
the uk 's biggest lottery jackpot is to be paid out on friday , the operator has said .
india 's chief inspector of the indian state of kerala has sparked a debate about women 's eyes .
israel 's foreign minister has said the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has been allowed to carry out aid to turkey .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed lower as investors weighed on the us economy .
the indian government 's decision to scrap high denomination notes in the run - up to a ` ` crisis '' is likely to hit the economy , a leading economist says .
the us has said pakistan must continue to target militant groups after an attack on a base in indian - administered kashmir .
eilish mccolgan says she is ` ` excited '' to have her world record broken by laura muir .
a 19-year - old man has died after being found with serious head injuries in the republic of ireland .
a plan to force some schools in birmingham to be taken over by an independent trust is being considered by ofsted .
five lib dems have pleaded guilty to criminal charges after the conservatives won a by - election .
police searching for a man who went missing from his home in inverness have issued a cctv appeal .
the chairman of the crofting commission has said he will remain in charge of the organisation until further notice .
the leader of spain 's anti - establishment party has lost an outright majority in the parliamentary election .
the long - lived zebra finches are the longest - lived birds in life , according to scientists .
a woman has died and two people have been seriously injured in a two - car crash in east lothian .
japanese gaming giant nintendo has admitted that some of its games consoles have been affected by a screen problem .
millions of fish , fish and fish are at sea off tanzania 's west coast , as the bbc 's steve price reflects on the rise of the global fish - eating trend .
three police forces in wales have been rated ` ` inadequate '' by an inspectorate of constabulary .
anglo american is to cut about 85,000 jobs as part of a restructuring of its business .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house .
russia and the west have accused russia of ` ` destabilising '' and ` ` destabilising eastern ukraine '' .
tommy delonge , the band 's co - founder , has quit the band , after reports of ` ` dysfunctional '' media reports .
great britain have won two gold medals at the european women 's trap shooting event in baku , azerbaijan .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the intercontinental cup quarter - finals suffered a setback as afghanistan beat ireland by seven wickets in nagpur .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has said the uk will not be ` ` silent '' on brexit .
a council building damaged in a suspected arson attack is to be run as normal , it has been confirmed .
gary lineker says he ` ` shed a tear '' for claudio ranieri after his sacking as leicester city manager .
the former chief executive of the insurance giant , hank greenberg , is to stand trial in new york on charges of financial irregularities .
scientists have discovered how cells in a specific part of the body can carry out the spread of lung cancer .
russia 's chief prosecutor has called on the russian orthodox church to investigate claims that a marble bust in crimea was a sign of ` ` holy secretion '' .
plans to expand grammar schools in kent are ` ` very important '' , david cameron has said .
falkirk has been awarded # 30 m to a fund set up to fund new social housing in scotland .
a three - week - old boy who died after a caesarean birth was not allowed to undergo blood tests , an inquest has heard .
dolly the sheep , who became the first person to be living in the world to be alive , has died aged 86 .
former strictly come dancing boss sir bruce forsyth is to return to the bbc 's children in need special .
the conservatives will launch their general election campaign in wales on thursday , as the party launches its manifesto .
the head of japan 's embattled camera firm , ken kikukawa , has pleaded guilty to charges of embezzlement .
the government 's decision to close the forensic science service -lrb- fss -rrb- in england and wales will not damage the future of forensic science , an inquiry has heard .
a world war two veteran who was shot in the shoulder during the battle of normandy has been presented with a french military medal .
it 's one of the most talked - about song in the world - and it 's a bit of a sweet .
growth in the uk 's service sector slowed in february , according to a closely watched survey of purchasing managers .
alastair cook has the ` ` right - sized feet '' of his england team , according to former captain michael clarke .
the bbc 's sports personality of the year 2015 will be one of the best yet for sport .
cgi goretzka scored a hat - trick as germany reached the confederations cup final with a comfortable victory over mexico .
welsh cyclist becky james will be fit for this summer 's rio olympics , according to team gb boss emma sutton .
austria 's top - scorer haryn has been ruled out of euro 2016 with a hamstring injury .
an nhs trust that runs two hospitals in staffordshire has been rated inadequate by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
yahoo has launched an app that aims to bring news digest to wearables and wearables .
northern ireland 's biggest supermarket chain , asda , has announced it will start paying more for milk .
david cameron has accused labour of ` ` flip flopping '' on childcare for three and four - year - olds .
a man who admitted drinking and sleeping in his car while over the legal drink - drive limit has been banned from driving .
tennis star andy murray has married his girlfriend kim sears in a ` ` very long time '' .
newport gwent dragons head coach kingsley jones hopes wales wing oliver griffiths will join the british and irish lions in june .
a new report has suggested that a single proportion of affordable housing in northern ireland will not work for greater belfast .
the growth of jobs in the uk 's public sector slowed in may , according to a new report .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city midfielder jake cooper on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
the owners of west ham 's olympic stadium say they are ` ` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to buy the club 's owners .
floyd mayweather and ufc champion conor mcgregor have kicked off their world tour in a row over boxing .
huddersfield town head coach david wagner has signed a new three - year contract with the championship club , with the option of a further year .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- is holding its first test of the year .
harry shearer has pulled out of a new series of the hit us sitcom the simpsons , according to reports .
when david godin first started his own company , he was born in quebec in 1979 , when he was a teenager .
the parents of a rugby player who died during a match have paid tribute to their ` ` brave decision '' .
former arkansas governor mike huckabee has announced he will run for the us presidency in 2016 .
hundreds of workers have taken part in a protest at sports direct 's use of zero - hour contracts .
a 19-year - old man has died after a three - vehicle crash on the outskirts of belfast .
manchester city midfielder rachel walsh scored twice as the women 's super league champions beat brondby in the first leg of their europa league semi - final .
scotland head coach vern cotter says he is happy with his side 's ` ` dreadful '' display in japan .
boris johnson has said he is ` ` heartbroken '' about the decision to leave the eu .
the number of sexual offences against children in england and wales has risen by more than a third in a year , according to the nspcc .
drugs with an estimated street value of # 500,000 have been seized during a drugs operation in caerphilly .
campaigners in the democratic republic of congo have called on the government to stop a referendum on constitutional changes .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has appointed its first minister as its new chief executive .
manchester united have signed memphis depay from dutch champions psv eindhoven for an undisclosed fee .
manchester city have signed striker scott brownhill from preston north end on a season - long loan deal .
the number of new savings accounts opened in the uk has fallen for the second year in a row .
danny swanson has signed a new three - year contract with st johnstone , tying him to the club until 2019 .
the scottish football league has been left with immediate effect in the first half of the financial year , with the result of the current financial crisis .
danny hylton 's second - half strike earned exeter a draw with exeter in league two .
iraqi government forces say they have broken the siege of amerli , the north - east of the country .
belgium has declared a ` ` black day '' of tragedy in the city of brussels , following a series of explosions in which 129 people died .
the number of people buying dogs in wales has fallen by almost a third in a year , figures have shown .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is to meet the prime minister in london on friday .
england 's tour of india is a ` ` day spa '' , according to former batsman graeme swann .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares closed lower after disappointing results from the general election .
ivory coast striker wilfried zaha 's decision to join ivory coast is ` ` too far '' , according to fifa boss gareth southgate .
police investigating the discovery of a severed human leg in bristol have said they are ` ` looking for new lines of inquiry '' .
residents have said they will be ` ` absolutely madness '' to move a boulder which appeared on a busy road .
photographer gareth iwan jones ' photographs of the modern era of caravanning have been released by the bbc .
cornish pirates coach gareth davies says his side 's ` ` ill - discipline '' led them to a third successive premiership defeat .
the forth road bridge should be ` ` fully operational and open to all traffic '' , the transport minister has said .
firefighters in england and wales are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions , a union has claimed .
the first women priests in wales are to be ordained at welsh cathedrals in cardiff in the first 20 years .
a us military radio telescope that was forced to close last year has received a $ 1.3 m -lrb- # 1.3 m -rrb- donation from a group of donors .
the kingdom of saudi arabia is one of the world 's most influential and highly - rated countries .
at least 16 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack on the somali capital , mogadishu .
dumfries and galloway council has said it is ` ` confident '' the building of a new emergency centre will be built .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has defended his country 's ` ` counter - terrorismismismismismismismism '' after saying ` ` nothing was wrong '' .
the brother of a man whose body was found in thailand three weeks ago has spoken of his ` ` devastation '' in his lives .
portadown will face ballinamallard united in the premiership play - off final on saturday .
flood protection is being stepped up in parts of north wales as heavy rain continues to batter parts of the country .
plans to close leeds ' main railway station into the city centre have been unveiled by the city council .
south korea 's biggest movie , train to busan , has become the latest film to be released in the world .
the bells at st mary 's church in south yorkshire have been restored to the public for the first time .
scotland 's alan forsyth hopes to become the first player to reach the world league semi - finals .
a us soldier has been killed in an attack by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq , the pentagon says .
renowned teacher ann atwell , the founder of the world 's best - selling organisation , has announced she is donating money to her school .
facebook founder elon musk has spoken of the ` ` most difficult and complex '' failure in recent months .
a 35-year - old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a care home in antrim .
the former head of the catholic church in west bengal , nirmala , has died aged 84 .
a road sign painted over after it was painted over by a supermarket has been changed to a spelling error .
millions of pounds of unpaid carers in england would be ` ` lonely '' , the labour leader has said .
tony bellew and david haye have traded insults in their heavyweight bout at liverpool 's o2 arena .
a defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall in somerset , the bbc has learned .
former sauber driver sergio perez has signed a two - year contract extension with force india , tying him to the team until 2018 .
a scottish university has apologised after a leaked image of jennifer lawrence apparently mocking the star 's iconic character .
iran 's president , hassan rouhani , is due to visit italy and france this week .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has convicted former congolese vice - president jean - pierre bemba of war crimes .
the parents of a seven - year - old boy who was left in a japanese military base for throwing stones have apologised .
us singer barbra streisand has called apple 's chief executive tim cook to change her name .
the number of smoke - free public spaces in scotland has fallen by almost a third since the introduction of new legislation was introduced , according to new research .
hundreds of mourners have taken to the streets of germany to pay tribute to a kurdish activist killed in the battle for the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
police investigating the disappearance of a man more than 30 years ago have found human remains in a remote part of ramsey .
tests for blood cancer patients are to be used to predict the outcome of their blood cancers , according to cardiff university .
david tennant has admitted he is ` ` pessimistic '' about shakespeare 's ` ` hypocrisy '' in a new production of his west end play .
the uk 's exit from the european union would cost the uk # 550 a year , according to a think tank .
general motors -lrb- gm -rrb- is to invest $ 1.3 bn -lrb- [ UNK ] # 1.3 bn -rrb- in its canadian car manufacturing factories .
kanye west has said he is ` ` feeling a bit of a gloom '' as he prepares to become us president .
a motorcyclist who died following a crash on the isle of man has been named as stephen baker .
surrey pace bowler mark mullaney made his highest score of the season to help his side beat nottinghamshire by seven wickets .
a four - year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in barry .
a former prisoner at a internment camp in the isle of man has died at the age of 97 .
china 's biggest maker , zte , has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting technology to iran .
pope francis has held a special service to mark the 70th anniversary of the mass killing of christians in kenya .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an amateur football match was abandoned in the early days .
two ex - offenders who have served sentences in england and wales are helping to find jobs .
reading for pleasure can improve children 's reading skills , a study has suggested . . . .   < q >
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on friday , lifted by gains in the us economy .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has accused the us government of using $ 400 m -lrb- # 400 m -rrb- to negotiate a prisoner swap with iran .
a canadian man who was kidnapped by an al - qaeda - linked militant group in the philippines has died in hospital .
a man who posted an online post on facebook has apologised after posting a complaint about his name .
labour leader ed miliband has said he is ` ` wrong '' about the prospect of a labour government in scotland .
the future of trawsfynydd nuclear power station in trawsfynydd could be at risk , according to a report .
a police force has created a poster urging parents not to use the threat of police officers when they are in danger .
scottish judo star stephanie inglis is recovering in hospital after being seriously injured in a motorbike crash in vietnam .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in a west yorkshire street .
police in india have launched an inquiry into two climbers who claimed they had climbed everest last year .
the uk government has signed a contract to build hinkley c nuclear power station in somerset , the company has said .
it 's one of the most memorable players in the english football league - and it 's not a good thing .
voters in england are less likely to vote than the general election , according to the electoral commission -lrb- hmp -rrb- .
an inquest into the death of a man at a county antrim hospital has found a ` ` gross systemic failure '' in care provided by the department of health .
a woman has been charged with assaulting a police officer during the opening of lord of the dance show .
a police officer has been jailed for six years for secretly filming naked sunbathers on a police helicopter .
australia says it will increase its military presence in afghanistan by more than a year to combat the taliban .
great britain 's natalie page has become the first british woman to reach the women 's trap gymnastics european championships .
the mother of a man who died after police seized organs from victims of crime in greater manchester has said it is ` ` horrendous '' .
a county londonderry man has described how he was beaten with iron bars during an attack on his home .
north ferriby 's slim hopes of reaching the national league play - offs were dented by bromley .
forest green rovers midfielder alex davies has signed a new contract with the national league club .   's first senior contract .
katie rough is a runner who has a severe epilepsy condition in her home country , but she does n't need a medical help .
munster 's conor murray will face sale in the european cup after being cleared of breaching concussion protocols .
dundee moved to within three points of scottish premiership leaders hibernian with victory at dens park .
a group of hens have created a new nest at a west yorkshire visitor attraction for the first time .
papers in china are taking part in a new attempt to stop the spread of the disputed south china sea .
the tunisian beach where a gunman killed six people and wounded 13 others is now full of ` ` life '' .
construction has begun on the final section of the dakota access oil pipeline , the us military has said .
west brom manager sean dyche could be in the top half of the premier league , according to manager tony pulis .
the editor of the press watchdog has denied reports that a newspaper reporter was threatened with blackmail by a journalist .
the nhs 24 mobile phone system in england will be replaced by a new service , the health service has announced .
smacking is a ` ` clear case '' for the introduction of new laws , according to a new report .
a british backpacker has been jailed for indecently assaulting four western tourists on a remote malaysian island .
it 's one of the most powerful countries in the middle east , and it 's now that the arab world 's longest - running middle east is now in full control .
a man who spent 15 years in jail in bangladesh says he was tortured and tortured by pakistan for 15 years .
a police officer has been jailed for life for murdering a woman who was ` ` obsessed '' with her .
a driver who crashed his car into a lorry and killing a passenger was ` ` unreal '' , an inquest has heard .
the church in wales has withdrawn its support for plans for a new school campus in llanelli .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman in a collision in gwynedd .
businesses in snowdonia are to be given the chance to work in a pilot project aimed at boosting visitor numbers .
a new mother who had her ovarian tissue removed from her fertility has been offered a ` ` really wonderful surprise '' by doctors .
craig shakespeare says he would ` ` love '' to see leicester city win the premier league title .
friends of murdered mp jo cox have raised a # 10,000 fund to raise money for those affected by her death .
a new exhibition at the former auschwitz concentration camp has opened in the polish capital , warsaw , with the aim of a new holocaust .
two police officers have been taken to hospital after two officers were injured in a disturbance in the south of edinburgh .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has warned that a border wall between mexico and mexico would be ` ` disastrous '' .
traders in perth and kinross are to launch a new campaign to encourage the city 's economic growth .
the leader of indonesia 's main opposition democratic party pdi - p party -lrb- pdi - p -rrb- has won the presidential election .
fifa president sepp blatter has denied that he may be replacing sepp blatter .
a german court has ordered the trial of a far - right extremist accused of complicity in the murder of eight turkish people .
police in south africa are investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead in the capital , pretoria .
jonathan grigg 's injury - time equaliser earned wigan a draw with colchester united at turf moor .
wasps secured their place in the premiership 's top four with a hard - fought victory over bath .
millwall 's slim hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by colchester .
a man accused of stealing a dog 's electronic tag has been remanded in custody after a judge rejected his bail .
american lindsey vonn has become the first woman to win all - time world cup downhill mountain bike titles .
labour 's jeremy corbyn and jeremy corbyn have clashed over the issue of the prime minister 's questions .
former yorkshire and england all - rounder paul appleyard has died at the age of 83 . .
the opening date for the new queensferry crossing has been cancelled due to bad weather , the scottish government has said .
former inverness caledonian thistle manager john christie believes the club 's youngsters should be given the ` ` light at the end of the tunnel '' .
i was in the western isles for the first time in over a century when i was out and about to the weekend .
the proportion of young people applying for university places in england has fallen to its lowest level since 2004 , according to the admissions service ucas .
a former met police officer accused of murdering a policeman has told a court he had no intention of killing him .
one of the uk 's best - selling and best - selling singers , henry sarstedt , has died at the age of 83 .
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , who has been convicted of crimes , has died at the age of 97 .
a charity event to raise money for two people seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash has opened .
yorkshire 's batsmen dominated the first day of their county championship match with yorkshire at headingley .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed in south africa , police have said .
the argentine president , mauricio macri , has been in the run - up to sunday 's presidential election .
the number of people dispensed acne in the uk has increased by more than a third since 2012 , figures show .
ukip has called for a ` ` fair , forward - thinking '' immigration system to be introduced in australia .
babies born with a cleft lip or palate are missing within 24 hours of birth , experts warn .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- ecb -rrb- has warned that security in bangladesh is ` ` not safe '' .
a health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a woman who took her own life .
britain 's chris froome retained the leader 's yellow jersey for the tour de france as chris froome won stage seven .
a giant ` ` floating '' of the moon has been installed at bristol 's great hall .
scientists say they have found a new form of cement that will be able to hide radioactive material from nuclear waste .
two street gang leaders in honduras have called on the government and the authorities to end a nationwide ceasefire .
a march to mark the return of the royal welsh soldiers to the north wales valleys has taken place .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was attacked with a golf club in west lothian .
the number of emergency calls for the ambulance service in england has risen by more than a third in a year .
the fbi has said it is ` ` deeply sorry '' that the chairman of malaysia 's state - funded infrastructure fund 1mdb was responsible .
a major power cut in the ukrainian capital kiev last year has affected more than 500,000 people , according to a report .
the names of three young men who have served in the north - east of england are in the midst of the general election .
former newcastle united striker papiss cisse has attended the funeral of former ivory coast striker cheick tiote , who died last month .
a bid to become the first uk spaceport site in argyll and bute has been submitted to the scottish government .
rule the world , the first novice to win the grand national , has been retired from the sport .
the chancellor has announced an extra # 1bn will be spent on care services for the elderly in england .
a blackpool fan who sued the club 's owners for ` ` defamatory '' posted on facebook has been given a suspended deadline .
the uk 's defence policy has been left out of the general election campaign , with a mixture of contempt and dread .
uzbekistan 's dusmatov won the men 's olympic flyweight title with victory in rio .
england boss roy hodgson says he has ` ` no doubts '' about his team 's world cup qualification hopes .
the future of the national eisteddfod in ceredigion is set to be revealed .
mothers who breastfeed are more likely to breastfeed , according to a new survey in wales .
the uk government has failed to agree on the fiscal framework for new tax powers , the scottish government has said .
the bbc 's decision to drop top gear presenter jeremy clarkson has caused controversy in the middle east .
the us - led coalition battling islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria and iraq are meeting in washington to discuss the threat to the country .
a 95-year - old german man who lost his citizenship in world war two has had his citizenship revoked .
the internet of things has been patched with a fault that could have prevented children from being exposed , researchers warn .
cuban president raul castro has vowed to ` ` clean our heads '' of ` ` nonsense '' by proposed new social and political reforms .
the iraqi government has declared victory over so - called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in the capital , baghdad .
cameras are to be deployed across south wales as part of a police crackdown on crime and crime .
former bbc director general mark thompson has accused the bbc 's chairman of misleading mps over his pay - off .
two of england 's largest schools have been placed in special measures after an investigation into alleged trojan horse takeover plot .
rescuers in italy say they are still searching for survivors of a powerful earthquake that has rocked central italy .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead at a house in somerset .
george cole , who has died at the age of 89 , was one of britain 's best - loved actors .
theresa may 's ` ` extreme '' brexit will cause ` ` real damage '' to the nhs , the lib dems have claimed .
german chancellor angela merkel has said the us is ` ` grave '' over allegations of spying in the us .
police in edinburgh are investigating a series of incidents involving tourists and tourists in a bid to steal money .
the mother of a four - year - old girl who was diagnosed with leukaemia has thanked people who saved her life .
six workers working on a north sea oil platform were exposed to ` ` low levels of radiation '' , a worker has claimed .
typhoon hagupit has swept the south - east of the philippines , forcing thousands of people to evacuate .
an independent review of the way the uk voted to leave the european union has been criticised by a think tank .
macedonia 's president , branislav ivanov , has vowed to cut a knot with ` ` national interests '' .
the former conservative leader of the house of lords , lord strathclyde , is to leave the party .
a search is continuing for a mountain rescuer who went missing after a night out in powys .
a kenyan student who survived the mass shooting at a college in nairobi has described how she was alive .
west indies all - rounder chris gayle has said he is ` ` not embarrassed '' by comments he made about the big bash league .
the european commission president has said he wants to introduce a ` ` emergency brake '' on the uk 's benefits system .
leigh centurions moved up to second in super league with victory over leigh centurions at leigh .
england under-23 striker beth mead is looking forward to promotion to the women 's super league .
shares of two of china 's biggest solar energy firms have fallen for the first time since the global sell - off .
a us drug company has cut the price of a pill used by a doctor in the us and canada .
two police officers have been arrested after a woman was stolen during a burglary in county londonderry .
the top 20 universities in the uk have fallen sharply , according to the times higher education league table .
crystal palace are interested in signing liverpool striker christian benteke on loan until the end of the season .
the duke of cambridge is to return to the raf valley in anglesey next month , the bbc understands .
japan 's nikkei 225 index closed higher on friday , boosted by the country 's economic growth .
boris johnson 's claim to be the uk 's first ` ` unripe banana '' has sparked a debate in the eu .
shares in asia have fallen for the second time this week , following disappointing results from japan post post .
the family of a woman who died in a two - car crash in aberdeen have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful , caring and loving husband '' .
yafai won the vacant wbc international super - bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over japan 's muranaka .
the family of a man killed in the tunisian beach attack have paid tribute to their ` ` beautiful , caring and compassionate '' father .
former wales captain gareth thomas says warren gatland 's successor to stuart lancaster will be ` ` carefully considered '' .
finding dory has topped the uk box office for the first time in its first week of release .
british number two aljaz bedene beat novak djokovic in straight sets to reach the second round of the french open .
the family of a young syrian boy killed in a bomb attack on the kobane family home in north - eastern turkey are still waiting for their funerals .
plans for a seven - day nhs in england are likely to cost the nhs more quickly , a leading doctor says .
cbbc 's nikki russell has been talking about how she keeps her safe online and safer internet .
dundee united moved to within a point of second place in the premiership with a comfortable victory over raith rovers .
yorkshire have confirmed they are interested in playing a first day - night test at headingley in england .
australia and china have agreed to resume trade in live cattle to china until the end of the year .
a patient with mental health problems has said he has been forced to leave hospital after being discharged from hospital .
serena williams became the first british tennis player to win a grand slam while pregnant in the early stages of pregnancy .
an 18-year - old man has died after falling from the top of a statue in the peak district .
when lionel messi and neymar arrived at ballymena united 's training ground on sunday , he was a fan of the world 's most expensive footballers .
prime minister david cameron has spoken of the ` ` surreal and difficult to deal '' with the death of her son .
a powerful earthquake in central china has killed at least two people and injured more than 100 others , officials say .
more than 1,000 vauxhall zafira cars have been damaged in a series of fires .
west brom will be without injured defenders theo walcott -lrb- ankle -rrb- and will miss the rest of the season .
the ministry of defence has announced plans to move up to a new home in north - west england .
the son of a girl who took part in the renovation of the palace of westminster has said she is ` ` absolutely stunned '' .
saudi arabia 's prime minister najib razak has been accused of corruption in malaysia , a saudi source has told the bbc .
the royal navy 's new nuclear - powered submarines have been formally launched at a shipyard in barrow .
the driver of a bin lorry crash in glasgow which six people died was fit to work as a bus driver , a fatal accident inquiry has heard .
saracens have signed england prop calum clark from leeds rhinos for the 2017 - 18 season .
the bbc 's coverage of the 2016 snooker championship gets under way at the barbican centre on thursday .
england batsman joe root hit a century as nottinghamshire beat warwickshire by seven wickets in the one - day cup .
gillingham 's hopes of avoiding relegation were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by shrewsbury .
american lindsey vonn has become the first woman to win a world cup super - g downhill title in germany .
a ferry has crashed into a harbour in dumfries and galloway in the early hours of the morning .
heavy rain and high winds have caused travel disruption across wales , with gusts of up to 70 mph .
snp mp jennifer black has been named the youngest mp of the year in a new magazine magazine .
nicola sturgeon has been named as the uk 's most influential woman , according to forbes magazine .
a 40-year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in crawley , west sussex .
a man who sent explicit messages to a 14-year - old girl in kent has been jailed for four years .
in the eastern ukrainian town of pisky , a small town in the east of donetsk , was a world war two battle .
the world 's largest sculpture festival , which takes place in the south - east of england , is taking place this weekend .
adebayo akinfenwa 's first goal of the season helped wycombe to victory over exeter city .
wales internationals sam warburton and dan lydiate have signed new dual contracts with the welsh rugby union .
liam williams scored a stoppage - time winner as doncaster rovers came from behind to beat doncaster rovers .
graeme mcdowell remains in contention at the scottish open after carding a six - under - par 67 in sweden .
the nhs in wales is failing to meet its target of waiting lists , a leading doctor has warned .
artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- has been a success for japan 's high - school pupils .
parts of mexico have been hit by heavy rains and heavy rain in the city of port city , usa .
the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has ended , australian officials have said .
barcelona have completed the signing of china midfielder paulinho from chinese super league side guangzhou evergrande .
russia 's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise smacking children in the home .
russia 's parliament has approved a bill that would require russia to issue passports in its territory in crimea .
bbc northern ireland broadcaster gerry anderson has been inducted into the public hall of fame -lrb- ppi -rrb- .
an artist who travelled to the north west of scotland for the first time has made his first solo solo journey .
radiohead , radiohead and radiohead are to headline the opening of the t in the park festival .
a new treatment centre for drug addicts in wrexham could be set up in a bid to tackle the problem .
the uk 's economic woes are likely to be worse off than the rest of the world .
manchester united have re - signed paul scholes on a one - year contract after he returned to full training .
the police ombudsman for northern ireland has said the number of unaccompanied children who have disappeared is ` ` unacceptable '' .
a man who murdered his ex - boyfriend by slitting her ex - boyfriend has been found guilty of her murder .
train passengers will be able to get on to cardiff 's busiest railway station on saturday , the assembly has said .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after a fire broke out at a house in aberdeen .
an 11-year - old american boy has become the youngest person to win a major international competition .
a film about depression and psychopaths is to be shot in the brecon beacons .
the us says it will impose sanctions on venezuelan president nicolas maduro over his country 's oil sector .
a series of children 's grown - up children are to be made into adult life by the comic strip .
a virtual reality tour of nottingham 's ` ` hidden world '' cave cave has been launched .
honeymoon man shrien dewani , who was extradited to south africa for the murder of his wife , has been found not guilty of conspiracy to murder .
the uk 's vote to leave the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has been a huge blow to the economy .
the federal reserve 's decision to raise interest rates for the first time in more than a century has been pretty good .
bbc sport has extended its deal to broadcast the bbc 's six nations championship for a further four years .
at least eight people have died in a fire at a factory in bangladesh , according to local police .
victims ' groups are being urged to take evidence from survivors of abuse in the scottish inquiry into child abuse .
the leader of the ulster unionist party -lrb- sdlp -rrb- has said he would prefer to go in with a nationalist party .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
a county londonderry man has been given a three - week suspended prison sentence for driving offences .
a resident at jersey 's care home was sexually abused by a member of staff , an inquiry has heard .
a french engineer who invented a toy that allows children to draw something has died at the age of 89 .
workers at the michelin factory in ballymena , county antrim , have said they are ` ` not interested '' in the future of the michelin plant .
burundi 's opposition leader abdullah rwasa has been shot in the head by a gunman who tried to kill his wife .
rock group duran are suing the owner of a us fan club , claiming they are owed millions of dollars .
director ben affleck says he is ` ` lucky '' after winning the directors guild of america -lrb- dga -rrb- award .
former motherwell manager mark mcghee says he is ` ` delighted '' to return to the club as manager .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed in a street in sunderland .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
