Anuradha Koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .  Pushpa Basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .  Seven other CNN Heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
Students from the University of Surrey discovered thousands of colonies .  They submerged coins and notes in agar to accelerate growth pf bacteria .  Most were harmless on the money , but one caused boils and spots .  Previous studies have revealed MRSA bacteria on notes and coins .
Danilo this week agreed to join Real Madrid in the summer for # 23million .  Transfer will take total raised from player sales to # 440m since 2004 .  James Rodriguez , Pepe and Radamel Falcao among those sold by Porto .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Dominatrix claims she shared a ' hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry in Vegas .  Carrie Reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ' cute naked a * * '  The 43 - year - old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .  Kensington Palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite .
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , has been accused of harassment .  Referred to her neighbors as ' n * * * * * ' but insists she is not racist .  One note said : ' There were no [ expletive ] in W . L until you came '  Victim has said her family may be forced to move as they don ' t feel safe .
Justin Rose finished joint runner - up at the Masters 2015 on 14 - under - par .  Rose ' s final total has only been bettered six times at the the Masters .  Rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .  CLICK HERE for all the latest news and reaction following the Masters .
Girl was playing with friend when Zbigniew Huminski forced her into car .  Chloe ' s naked body was found in nearby woods an hour - and - a - half later .  Prosecutors say there is evidence of ' strangulation and sexual violence '  Polish immigrant , who was heading to England , has admitted to killing .
Pair were left homeless after storms and met in Connecticut trailer park .  Won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after Easter to mark new start .  ' Because of Sandy I met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner .
Cesc Fabregas was caught by trailing arm of Stoke City ace Charlie Adam .  Former Barcelona man picked up the injury during Chelsea ' s home win .  Midfielder Adam scored wonder goal during the game but it wasn ' t enough .  Fabregas took to Instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
The life of 16 - year - old Maren Sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on Saturday by hundreds of people .  ' I don ' t think there ' s anything sad about this . It ' s such a celebration , ' said Darby Hudd , a 17 - year - old friend of the slain teen .  A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with Sanchez ' s murder .
Audrey Alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .  She claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .  Feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .  Council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out despite being jailed for life in April 2000 .  62 - year - old was seen on the bus , with a pal and walking around in Dublin .  Sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed .  Ireland ' s most infamous female prisoner murdered husband Tom in 1996 .
Didier Drogba given the Barclays Spirit of the Game award .  The 37 - year - old ' s foundation has done impressive work in Africa .  Some of Chelsea ' s stars attended a charity ball which raised # 400 , 000 .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Figures from the Catholic Church show more and more becoming nuns .  The number of women taking Holy Vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .  But that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .  One father said a ' gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion .
Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .  Charlie Austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , Bobby Zamora made it three .  Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom before Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off and Joey Barton scored .
Detroit Red Wings ' Drew Miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the Ottawa Senators .  The massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close , but did not damage Miller ' s eye .  The Red Wings lost 2 - 1 but remained in third place in the Atlantic division .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  German boss has enjoyed success with club during seven - year stint .  He has been linked with Manchester City , Manchester United and Arsenal .  Per Mertesacker says he would like to see Klopp in the Premier League .
AppleInsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .  These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .  Apple significantly improved the battery life on its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus .  But it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only don ' t last a day .
Tournament performances have restored Andy Murray to World No 3 .  But it ' s wedding to Kim Sears that takes Murray ' s No 1 spot this week .  Murray is due to marry fiancée Sears in Dunblane this coming Saturday .  There are believed to be well over 100 names on down - to - earth guest list .
Paula Dunican paid # 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of Asda .  When she took it home she noticed a ' seeping ' stain on the back of coat .  She then discovered the reptile ' s crushed body on the garment ' s lining .  The supermarket has apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund .
Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in the Eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 .  He died in London two days ago , aged 80 , following a battle with cancer .  Mr Carroll was running in the General Election for Hampstead and Kilburn .  He remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes .
McHenry , 28 , berated single mother Gina Michelle for towing her car .  She insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .  ESPN suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .  But despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week .
Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , designed new app Bump 2 Breast .  Came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , Lola , now three months .  Says her and husband David felt like ' rabbits in headlights ' at first .  Also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding .
Harley Street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery .  Patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives .  Michael , 33 , spent # 7 , 500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .  Andrea , 72 , pays for a facelift - but her husband can ' t tell the difference .
General Motors unveiled their concept car at an event in Shanghai .  Chevrolet - FNR has ' dragonfly ' swing doors and ' crystal laser headlights '  It is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .  And using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes .
Candidate Lynne Abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it ' s never happened before .  While a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74 - year - old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .
Bundles of notes spilled onto Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , on Friday .  Passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road .  Motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash .  Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested .
Godfrey Elfwick recruited via Twitter to appear on World Have Your Say .  Came after claims he had never seen the Star Wars franchise before .  On the show he described the films as both anti - women and anti - gay .  Also said that Darth Vader was a black man and a ' really bad racial stereotype '
Cuban - born Kathy Ferreiro ' s curves have attracted fans on social media .  Bikini - loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .  Miami - based party girl is hoping to become next Kim Kardashian .  Has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries .
Thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week .  Twitter said it had received numerous reports about terror - promoting users .  Decided to suspend 10 , 000 accounts for making threats of violence .  Suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by ' hacktavist ' collective Anonymous targeting online jihadis .
Locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .  They also tell of suspicious ' drilling ' noises on evening of Good Friday .  Group seen returning to scene on Saturday - a day after initial break - in .  Police admit they didn ' t respond after alarm went off early on Friday .
Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .  The fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .  Incredibly no - one was hurt in the incident after Nawaz evacuated the area .
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was in Andaman Sea on way from resort of Krabi .  Was five miles from the coast travelling to Phuket when engine exploded .  35 - metre - long boat caught fire around 3 . 30 pm before sinking around 6pm .  Passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .  No injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl .
The worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .  Field owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and the man was sacked .  Passer - by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ' disgusting '  Tesco : Vegetables undergo ' extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
Tim Stanley : Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . He ' s an ex - dictator , but there ' s reason for optimism .  He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of Boko Haram . Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
Bulgaria ' s Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Italy , Spain and Turkey .  Researchers found cheapest destination using ' imaginary shopping basket '  Cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country ' s high inflation .  Its most popular resort of Sunny Beach copies those of Spain and Greece .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .  Series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in Hama in Syria .  Man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land .  He is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver .  It is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ' blasphemer '
Denise and Glen Higgs thought they ' d never have children .  He was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried IVF .  Couple from of Braunton , Devon , had Mazy , born three years ago .  Tried again using the same batch and had twins Carter & Carson last week .
Speed camera discovered pointing at house in Handsworth , Birmingham .  Fixed cameras switched off across the West Midlands in Spring of 2013 .  Site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology .  Obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device .
Charles Terreni , 18 , was found dead March 18 at a frat house in Columbia .  Terreni was a USC freshman and a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha house .  Coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning .  Toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of . 375 .  Neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside .
Air strikes were launched by Saudi forces a month ago against rebels .  Saudi forces have focused on beating back Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen .  Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged Bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .  He made pledge on Wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night .
Brawl at Spring Gardens station in Philadelphia was captured on CCTV .  Fight involved students from nearby Benjamin Franklin High School .  At one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .  After the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
Paul and Laura Elliott met half way round at St Katharine Docks .  Ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .  Pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .  Returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .  Raised # 7 , 000 for Cancer Research in honour of Paul ' s father .
Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car driving around last autumn .  Decided it was ' his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .  Sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in Mississauga .  Picture of Nasr ' s selfie and the Street View image shared 2 . 9 million times .
Rory McIlroy bidding to win his first Masters title this week at Augusta .  The Northern Irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in Georgia .  McIlroy looking for third straight major victory after winning The Open and USPGA Championship last year .  One Direction star Niall Horan caddied for McIlroy in Wednesday ' s Par - 3 Contest .
Danny Higginbotham covers his time under Roy Keane in his new book .  He played for Keane ' s Sunderland during the 2007 - 08 season .  Keane told his players ' basically you ' re s * * * ' before a game with Aston Villa .  He also told one player he was ' not f * * * * * * good enough ' to play for the club .
Four - poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for # 2 , 200 .  Owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating .  Historian now claims DNA from the timber proves it belonged to Henry VII .  Ornate bed , now on display , was made for King and wife Elizabeth of York .
Attorney : Robert Bates assumed the gun was a Taser because he saw a laser sight on it .  Harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and Taser used .  In 2009 , an officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a Taser .
Singer arrived at artists ' entrance to gain entry to Drake ' s gig .  Security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .  A row erupted and a Coachella staffer tried to get Bieber into the gig .  But festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
Sir Philip Carter died at his home on Thursday morning after a short illness .  Carter served Everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .  Toffees chairman Bill Kenwright pays tribute to a ' great man and leader '
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a gravity - defying feat together .  The two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer Dai Aoki .  They have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
Dayna Dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .  She loves TV , film and fashion , and says she ' s not happy with how people with disabilities are represented .  The teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes .
Manchester United take on Manchester City on Sunday .  Match will begin at 4pm local time at United ' s Old Trafford home .  Police have no objections to kick - off being so late in the afternoon .  Last late afternoon weekend kick - off in the Manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at Wembley in 2011 FA Cup semi - final .
Kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no - ball against Rohit Sharma in India ' s World Cup match with Bangladesh .  The Bangladeshi president alleged India had used its influence in the ICC .  Governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .  But Kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2 .  Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather ' s unbeaten record is a burden .  Despite that , the Welshman thinks Mayweather will beat his opponent .  READ : Ricky Hatton gives his prediction to Jeff Powell ahead of the fight .  READ : Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale .
Winchester Council in Hampshire claimed annual clean - up hit by new rules .  But the Health and Safety Executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ' over - interpreting ' legislation .  Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .  Father - of - four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .  The award - winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette .
Swansea ' s Gerhard Tremmel in goal behind the Free Agents ' 4 - 4 - 2 .  Glen Johnson , Kolo Toure , Ron Vlaar and Luke Garbutt at the back .  James Milner , Mikel Arteta , Tom Cleverley and Jonas Gutierrez in midfield .  Burnley ' s Danny Ings and Manchester United ' s James Wilson up front .
Michigan high school students Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska who has Down syndrome , made plans to go to their junior prom together last year .  For their prom picture , the pair held up a sign which read : ' Real friends don ' t count chromosomes '  The sign references the fact that people with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son Saturday .  That same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida .  Michael Shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 in the Champions League on Tuesday .  Pep Guardiola ' s side progressed 7 - 4 on aggregate to reach semi - finals .  Thomas Muller scored 27th Champions League goal to pass Mario Gomez .  Muller is now the leading German scorer in the competition .  After game Muller led the celebrations with supporters using a megaphone .
Domenico Rancadore given a seven - year sentence by Italian court in 1999 .  He was convicted for role as a ' man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .  In February the Sicilian Mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to Italy .  Today it emerged that the 65 - year - old ' s case expired in October last year .
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  The pup was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school .  To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched over 27 , 000 times .  Many viewers have deemed the dog ' s cleaning antics ' cute ' and adorable '
Jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing Nike products .  Ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a Greek Goddess .  Commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in Arabic .  Those living under ISIS are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words .
Lorraine Bracco was asked by The Sopranos creator to be Carmela .  The actress turned him down because she played a mobster ' s wife in Martin Scorsese ' s Goodfellas in 1990 .  Convinced showrunner David Chase to let her play the role of Dr . Jennifer Melfi .
Kevin Carr set off on his epic journey from Haytor , Dartmoor in July 2013 .  He is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .  Mr Carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .  He is set to break the previous record held by an Australian by 24 hours .
David Axelrod masterminded two Obama presidential election victories .  He was hired by Labour leader Ed Miliband amid great fanfare last year .  Revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in UK .  Labour confirms it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm .
HBO is the US network behind Game of Thrones and the Sopranos .  Service is available on Apple TV and iOS exclusively for three months .  Apple has also cut the price of Apple TV system from $ 99 ( # 65 ) to $ 69 .
Huma Abedin came under fire for not tipping at Chipotle in Iowa .  She is Hillary Clinton ' s most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign .  On Saturday , she and husband Anthony Weiner went for Mexican lunch .  It is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing .
Gary fell from 147th most popular British name in 1996 to 1 , 001 st in 2013 .  Reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .  Meanwhile , names including Dexter and Jenson are now in the top 100 .
Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .  Andrea Begley and Jermain Jackman are yet to become household names .  Will 2015 winner Stevie become a chart success or another Voice flop ?
Romanian - born Alexandra Harra , 28 , has become an Instagram star .  Model , who ' s posed for Playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages .  After dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian .
Nadir Ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper Scott Bain .  However , Ciftci was left blushing as rivals earned impressive victory .  Win gave hosts Dundee their first derby win in more than a decade .  Goals from Greg Stewart , Jake McPake and Paul Heffernen secured win .
Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .  Stand - out shows included Maticevski , Romance Was Born , Tome , Steven Khalil and Johanna Johnson .  Sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends .
Lindsay Sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .  Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran killed after a final KFC bucket meal .  The 58 - year - old has been on death row in Bali since 2012 .  She was convicted of attempting to smuggle # 1 . 6 million of cocaine in 2012 .
Abby Bishop took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .  Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .  Bishop said it was a big decision but she wouldn ' t change anything .  Zala will go with her when she starts playing in the U . S . WNBA in May .
ONE Pro Cycling preparing to take on Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins .  Tour de Yorkshire runs over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .  Prior ' s team and Yorkshire race inspired by Tour de France Grand Depart .
Woman reported ' someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel .  Another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ' bleeding '  East of England ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives .
Ben Flower returned from his six - month ban on Thursday night .  Wales forward made first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season ' s Grand Final .  27 - year - old received a brilliant reception during ' s Wigan ' s 30 - 20 victory against Warrington .
Inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era , the Jacques Garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .  A mix of Arabian and Napoleon III decor , the Pigalle haunt harkens back to the city ' s pleasure houses of yesteryear .  Also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
Steven Finn was left out of the England squad for the West Indies tour .  The Middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .  Finn said he ' s back to bowling like he was as ' a carefree 21 - year - old '  His last of 23 Test caps came for England back in 2013 .
Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .  Was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .  Pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .  26 - year - old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years .
Australian fashion designer Alex Perry won ' t show at this year ' s MBFWA .  The designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .  This will be the designer ' s second MBFWA he has missed in two decades .  Perry is now focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East .
An Indiana public school performance of American Pie ended in tragedy Wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on - stage .  More than a dozen people were injured at the Westfield High performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .  Students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
Manchester City have been linked with summer move for Raheem Sterling .  Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be step up for Sterling .  Indicating it will take the Manchester club 20 years to eclipse Liverpool .
Up to one in five Chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .  Charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested .  Loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into UK for personal consumption .
Two types of cereal in an Easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .  Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester ' s Northern Quarter .  ' Easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner Olly Taylor said .
The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy .  It could fine Google more than # 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .  Brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .  Google boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe ' s search engine market .
Phil Smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .  But teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .  He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .  Parents paid tribute to ' lovely son ' who worked at special needs school .
Emmanuel Adebayor ' s current Tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .  The striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5 . 2 million salary before accepting a move out of White Hart Lane .  Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season .
John Helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .  He gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .  ' From everything I have been told there isn ' t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says Helm .
Rory McIlroy faced with Fifty Shades of Grey ' s Jamie Dornan .  McIlroy and Dornan took part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 .  McIlroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters .  READ : It won ' t be too long before McIlroy wins a Masters .
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .  Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream Fallon brought out for the two to share .  When asked if he would run for president , Christie said ; ' I ' ve got a day job which keeps me busy '
Qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using Heathrow .  The airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport .  They are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38 , 000 for every flight that ' s late .  Qantas blamed air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai airports .
Christopher Starrs was spared jail in an ' act of mercy ' by judge in January .  But senior judge has now said his colleague took ' his eye off the ball '  Nicholas Cooke QC said wheelchair - bound Starrs should have been jailed .  But added Starrs should thank his lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand .
Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9 - 1 in La Liga at the weekend .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .  Real travel to Rayo Vallecano in a Madrid derby on Wednesday night .  Juventus won 3 - 0 at Fiorentina to reach the Coppa Italia final on Tuesday .
Kevin Pietersen was sacked by England 14 months ago after Ashes defeat .  Batsman scored 170 on his county cricket return for Surrey last week .  Pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the England side this year .  But Andrew Flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career .
If Carl Froch doesn ' t fight in 2015 I ' m not sure he ' ll be back at all .  A blockbuster with James DeGale is most likely after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr defeat - but Anthony Dirrell has made contact .  Scott Quigg - Carl Frampton summer fight is dead in the water .
Clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy .  The perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes .  Eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on Youtube .  While some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories .
Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .  In total 1 , 177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - Mara Salvatrucha .  The gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
Reading lost 2 - 1 against Arsenal in FA Cup semi - final at Wembley .  Royals took much fancied Gunners to extra - time after 1 - 1 draw .  Steve Clarke will take strength from impressive Reading display .
England drew 1 - 1 with Italy in an international friendly in Turin on Tuesday .  Their flight home after the game was delayed due to a technical problem .  But the team arrived safely in Manchester on Wednesday lunchtime .  Roy Hodgson ' s players will now return to their clubs ahead of the weekend .
A concerned mother took a photo of her child ' s lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it online .  ' Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said .  The School Nutrition association doesn ' t think Michelle Obama ' s lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed .
Italian Navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers .  Boat was being steered towards Libyan port of Misrata .  Italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injured .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , died in December last year with brother Jacques , 20 .  Torin had bought ecstasy via dark web in order to ' have a good weekend '  But pair took massive overdose and were found dead in pub in Manchester .  Today coroner said he was ' frightened ' by use of dark web to buy drugs .
Rebecca Horton , 28 , and Curtis Martin , 24 , had twins Kendall and Baylee .  Girls are non - identical , meaning they do not share the same set of DNA .  This means their physical characteristics and genders can vary .  However , having such contrasting skin tones is still extremely rare .
The # 3 . 7 million structure is the longest skywalk in the world beating one at the Grand Canyon by five metres .  The cantilevered platform in Chongqing offers visitors a 720 degree view of the canyon below .  Glass platforms and transparent barriers mean people get an unobstructed view of the natural beauty spot .
Liverpool face Blackburn in an FA Cup quarter - final replay on Wednesday .  The FA Cup final could be Steven Gerrard ' s last game for the club .  Robbie Fowler insists Liverpool ' s players must not focus on Gerrard .  Raheem Sterling should remain at Anfield , according to Fowler .
A court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via Facebook .  Danny Cevallos : Why not let people be found via social media ?
When tumours in lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests .  Some even need surgery to find out before lifesaving treatment can begin .  Now doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner after single procedure .  It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
England manager Roy Hodgson appears to still not know his best XI .  Sportsmail ' s top team of reporters reveal their England Euro 2016 line - ups .  England are currently top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group E on 15 points .
The BBC has made light of Clarkson fracas in a comedy programme .  It shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word ' tosser '  The episode was filmed last July , but the narration has been tweaked .
' Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ' funds can buy goods and services beyond food and necessities intended by program ' s designers .  Tattoos , manicures , lingerie , jewelry , movie tickets , cruises and pornography will also be off the list if Gov . Sam Brownback signs a bill .  Republicans in Kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $ 25 per day in cash withdrawals with their government - issued welfare debit cards .  Democrats say it ' s mean - spirited and will make welfare enrollees think they ' re ' less ' valuable ' than other people '  Brownback ' s administration has shrunk the TANF rolls by 60 per cent since 2011 ; the law would also force recipients to try to find work .
Unusual egg was captured on camera by US YouTube user Elman511 .  Shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside .  Phenomenon is caused when an oocyte - which becomes a yolk - is released too soon and merges with an earlier egg that hasn ' t been laid .
Richard Dysart best known for Leland McKenzie in " L . A . Law "  Dysart had many TV and film roles , including spots in " Being There " and " The Thing "  Actor won Drama Desk award for performance in theatrical " That Championship Season "
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls .  The 1000ft section can be walked by visitors , and usually draws a million tourists every year .  The snowy section is part of a 37km route , with sights such as Kurobe Dam and the Hida Mountains on the way .
Louise Shepherd , 31 , killed in Bolivia while on round - the - world trip .  Ms Shepherd died after a tree fell on her during a jungle tour .  Recently worked at Kingston University , but left in order to travel .
Estate agents are offering a ' Cameron price ' and a lower ' Miliband price '  Labour will introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million .  The prospect is alarming wealthy buyers who are demanding a discount .  Some buyers are waiting until after the election to complete purchases .
Mitchell Keenan and his father Keith were evicted from their family home .  They were forced to live in a tent during the winter on a local hill .  Mr Keenan ' s toes turned black with frostbite and they were amputated .  WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Newcastle take on Liverpool on Monday night at Anfield .  The Magpies have not won away at Liverpool since 1994 .  Newcastle have lost their last four games scoring just one goal .  John Carver ' s side nine points clear of relegation zone in 13th place .
Ipswich denied three points as Wolves fight back to draw 1 - 1 on Saturday .  Manager Mick McCarthy hails qualities of ' horrible bunch ' of players .  Richard Stearman ' s own goal had given Ipswich an early lead at Molineux .  But Benik Afobe equalised on 50 minutes with close - range volley .
A kangaroo has been found hopping through a field in Bruhl , Germany .  German police initially believed the report was an April Fools day prank .  After realising the caller was serious they found the beast in a nearby field .  The owners later called police when the animal returned to it ' s enclosure .  It is suspected that the it ' s fencing was damaged after severe storms .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was freed from a Yemeni prison by al - Qaeda this week .  Terrorist commander was today pictured inside Mukalla governor ' s palace .  He was seen pretending to be on the telephone as he wielded an AK - 47 .  Batarfi led extremists in battle with government forces before he was jailed .
The Girl In The Spider ' s Web is fourth installment in Stieg Larsson ' s series .  Written and translated on computers with no web connection to avoid leaks .  Plot kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U . S . spy agency .
Lee Cattermole returns from suspension for Sunderland .  But Black Cats without injured defender Wes Brown through a knee injury .  Knee surgery will see Massadio Haidara miss rest of the season .  Steven Taylor , Paul Dummett , Cheick Tiote and Siem de Jong also out for Newcastle United ahead of Wear - Tyne derby .
Sofia Abramovich took to Instagram to create a motivational post .  She said she had been criticised since people found her account .  The teenager said she would turn the negativity into positivity .  Sofia has also vowed to be more healthy and look after her body .
Sewol ferry sank a year ago off the coast of South Korea , killing 304 people .  Families hold protests , vigils , say not much has been resolved since sinking .  Government has yet to decide whether to raise the ferry .
Officials insist there were no weapons on board and atomic reactor is safe .  Fire had started during welding , causing insulation materials to catch fire .  The Russian nuclear submarine was submerged to extinguish the fire .
Javier Hernandez scored the winner in the Champions League quarter - final against Atletico Madrid .  Real Madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign Manchester United star .  Mexico international has attracted interest from Dinamo Moscow , Lazio , Everton , Newcastle , West Ham and Stoke .
Naomi Jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old .  She was in fact a 32 - year - old mother of one running her own business .  Miss Jacobs had been struck by what is called Transient Global Amnesia .  The condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight .  She admits succumbing to ' total shock ' when her son called her ' mum '
Michael Hanline was serving life without parole for killing JT McGarry .  But new DNA evidence at crime scene revealed that he was innocent .  After 36 years wrongfully imprisoned the 69 - year - old has finally been freed .  Hanline says all he wants to do now is fish and spend time with his wide .
Edward ' s Snow Den was listed for a time as a snowboarding business .  When clicked on it the opening hours were revealed as 5am to 11pm .  One review for it said that it was a ' great source of classified information '  Whistleblower Edward Snowden is thought to be hiding out in Russia .
South Korean investigators say they have proof that North Korea is launching cyberattacks .  Reports say the North is investing heavily in digital warfare .  December attack on banks in South Korea caused about $ 820 million worth of damage , a report says .
Woman threatened to jump off Shanghai tower block after being dumped .  Dangled herself off ledge after police failed to talk her down .  Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out and grabbed her arm just as she was attempting to push herself off .
Premier League clubs on alert after shock reports from Germany .  Klopp has told Dortmund bosses he wants to leave in the summer .  Press conference has been scheduled for 12 . 30 pm .  The 47 - year - old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs .  Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there .  BREAKING NEWS : Klopp confirms he will leave Dortmund in the summer .
Bob McDonnell used his office to benefit a nutritional supplement company whose president lavished gifts on him and his wife .  His lawyers argue that he never performed any ' official acts ' for Star Scientific , a company that sought support for his ' Anatabloc ' supplement .  McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife got one year and one day ; they ' re both free pending appeals .  Three - judge federal court panel will hear the former governor ' s appeal on May 12 .
The couple are in their 50s and from Cleveland , Ohio .  Ship with 1 , 500 passengers aboard left Tampa , Florida , for a two - week Caribbean cruise on Sunday .  The bodies were discovered Thursday when crew members checked on the couple in their stateroom .
A student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey on Monday morning with a gun and fired twice at the ceiling .  Brady Olson , a government teacher , tackled the teenager to the ground and kept him pinned on the floor until authorities came and arrested the boy .  The unidentified shooter only transferred to the school a month ago .  Students praised the popular teacher for his quick - thinking and said they were not surprised that he had come to their rescue .
Tinder only displays the last 34 photos - but users can easily see more .  Firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
77 - year - old wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth hospital in Merseyside .  Hopes Ukip will ' decimate ' the other political parties in general election .  Branded David Dimbleby an ' establishment dumpling ' in the rant .  Murdered five children in 1960s and buried bodies on Saddleworth Moor .  He hopes that Ukip will ' decimate ' the other political parties in the general election , describing David Cameron ' s views as ' the usual mob - pleasing PR drivel expected from such bovines ' .  The political leaders are unworthy of ' even being assassinated ' .  Voters must choose between ' public school millionaires ' or a ' refugee , privileged German Jew ' - an offensive and inaccurate reference to Ed Miliband , whose Belgian father fled the Nazis .  After ' half - a - century ' s imprisonment ' , he believes most professional criminals are Tory voters . He also scoffs at the PM ' s ' disgust ' over the possibility of convicted killers getting the vote by saying he ' couldn ' t care less about voting ' .  Branded Question Time ' for the dumb ' with the ' same old party hacks ' and labelled host David Dimbleby an ' establishment dumpling ' .  Claims he does not like the BBC and stopped reading newspapers in 1998 - instead getting his information from Al Jazeera .
Black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the Chinese capital ' s landmarks devoid of tourists .  Pictures were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of China .  Locals and foreigners pose at the Temple of Heaven , Western Qing Tombs and Summer Palace .  Quiet scenes are a far cry from modern - day Beijing , one of the most populous cities in the world .
Man threw a wheel spanner at security night patrol car in Harts Range , Northern Territory .  He then deliberately drove his car through doors of a police station .  The 42 year old man managed to drive away in the damaged car .  Car had no front number plate , front bumper bar or working headlights .  Vehicle may still have rear number plate which is SA - registered S145 AVI .  Station is located 240km northeast of Alice Springs in Northern Territory .
Fans will be charged to watch a weigh - in for the first time when Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio step on the scales .  All profits will be donated to charities nominated by the boxers .  Mayweather and Pacquiao will be weighed at the Grand Garden Arena .  Wladimir Klitschko admits that he is considering retirement .  The Ukrainian looks set to fight Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder .  Carl Froch may choose to retire after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr ' s defeat by Andrzej Fonfara .  Froch had hoped to face the Mexican in Las Vegas later this year .
Clinton ' s signature black customized van was parked in a spot reserved for the disabled in Council Bluffs , Iowa .  Hillary walked right past an unmistakable blue parking sign to climb into the van , nicknamed ' Scooby '  Meeting inside cafe lasted 90 minutes and was reportedly so sensitive that Democratic Party insiders were told to hand over cameras and cell phones .  Secret Service are technically federal law - enforcement officers and the vehicle is never left unattended , so there was no chance of a parking ticket .
Brett Robinson , 33 , facing 12 charges after allegedly letting an inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year .  Allegedly brought him into the control room where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket .  Relationship continued and Robinson wrote inmate a love letter saying he was ' a constant presence in my thoughts , fantasies and dreams '  Was caught during an investigation into colleague Jill Curry , 39 .  Judge ruled Wednesday that Robinson ' s lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month , with her trial set to start next week .  A psychologists report that she suffers from mental illness has been ruled insufficient .
The Thunder from Lagos was suspected of illegally fishing for Toothfish .  Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for more than 100 days .  The Thunder ' s captain is suspected of scuttling the vessel in a cover - up .  Watertight doors were dogged open to allow the vessel to sink faster .
Guests attending Battle of Waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat .  Invitations to the event said it must not be seen as ' triumphalist '  The move was criticised by politicians as ' absurd ' political correctness .
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group .  Professors of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image is dangerous .  The Professor said it represents a broader anti - caesarean sentiment .  World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needs to drop .
Highest - earning NHS dentists earn almost five times more than Prime Minister ' s # 142 , 500 pay packet .  A further 11 dentists were paid between # 400 , 000 and # 500 , 000 a year .  Lay bare huge amounts of taxpayer money paid to dentists for NHS work .  Campaigners branded the payments were ' scandalous ' and ' unacceptable '
Teen with deadly brain tumour has almost raised $ 80 , 000 .  The money is needed to fund his life - saving brain surgery .  18 - year - old Jackson Byrnes has stage four brain tumour .  He was told by doctors it was too aggressive to operate on .  Instead he found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation .  He must find $ 80 , 000 by Tuesday night to pay the surgeon up front .  Jackson Byrnes and his family have used crowd funding to raise money .
Chris Ramsey praises Tony Pulis as one of the best coaches in Britain .  The Queens Park Rangers boss says he won ' t be asking for his advice .  QPR travel to West Brom on Saturday in crucial relegation clash .  CLICK HERE for all the latest QPR news .
Bullish Brendan Rodgers says he is the man to take Liverpool forward .  His time at the club is under scrutiny after FA Cup semi - final defeat .  Liverpool can hit back with victory at West Brom on Saturday .  Jordan Henderson ' over the moon ' after signing new Liverpool contract .  Man United and Liverpool target Memphis Depay holds talks with PSG .
Hakaoro Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence .  A string of new complaints against him have come to light this week .  He tried to lure women into sexual services for their promised visas .  The tribunal will wait to decide on a penalty for the new complaints .
Research conducted by Planet Cruise surveyed people aged 55 and over .  Women were more likely to regret their career choices than men .  Men were more likely to suffer from mental illness as a result of regrets .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Fireball captured on camera by the UK Meteor Observing Network .  It says that it came from an asteroid orbiting between Mars and Jupiter .  The meteor burned up at the relatively low altitude of 21 miles .  There were dozens of sightings of the event , from England to Ireland .
Daphne Selfe has been modelling since the Fifties .  She has recently landed a new campaign with Vans and & Other Stories .  The 86 - year - old commands # 1 , 000 a day for her work .
British comedian travelled to Moscow to interview the whistleblower .  Questions why the former CIA systems administrator leaked the files .  Gets him to explain the security threat in the context of nude pictures .  Describes Snowden as America ' s most famous ' hero and / or traitor '  Snowden , at moments , is stunned into silence by the line of questioning .
The earthquake that struck Nepal has left thousands of Nepalis without shelter .  Torrential rains making situation worse ; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon .  It ' s unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicenter .
Sturgeon has shed pounds , bleached her hair and mixed up her outfits .  Made the male leaders ' dark suits seem as old as their arguments in debate .
Raheem Sterling turned down a # 100 , 000 - per - week offer from Liverpool .  Sterling has two years left to run on his existing # 35 , 000 - a - week contract .  The 20 - year - old began his career at Queens Park Rangers in 2003 .  He signed for Liverpool in 2010 after seven years with QPR .  Sterling was born in Kingston , Jamaica before moving to England .  Liverpool attacker wants to be known as ' a kid that loves to play football '
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women ' s U19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed .  Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing an England penalty for encroachment .  FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier .  But the entire match between Uzbekistan and Bahrain was replayed .  UEFA must hope it doesn ' t affect one of their premiere tournaments .
Lennon reportedly partied at Suede nightclub in Manchester on April 4 .  Venue packed with hundreds who had come to see Trey Songz perform .  Alleged victim says # 55 , 000 - a - week star left her with bruise below her eye .  Tottenham winger , on loan to Everton , interviewed on suspicion of assault .  Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said no arrests have been made .
Skin Laundry , a trendy new skin clinic in Manhattan , offers a ten - minute laser facial which promises to tighten skin .  Clients have to sign a waiver allowing the clinic to give information to a funeral director , a coroner and to donate their organs .
Nicky Law scored two goals as Rangers comfortably beat Raith Rovers .  Haris Vuckic and Nicky Clark also got on the scoresheet at Ibrox .  Rangers had suffered defeat by Queen of the South on Thursday .  But Stuart McCall ' s side recovered to keep up the pressure on Hibernian .
Floyd Mayweather will have $ 25 , 000 mouthguard for Manny Pacquiao bout .  The mouthguard to contain diamonds , gold and $ 100 dollar bills .  He also spent $ 300 , 000 on Mercedes ' Land Yacht ' people carrier .  Carl Foch unlikely to meet Andre Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr .  CLICK HERE for all the latest news from the world of boxing .
Angela Kelly suffered the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels .  She had arthritis in her early 30s but wouldn ' t kick her heel habit .  Four years ago , at 63 , she had have a titanium knee replacement .
Up to 300 runners in yesterday ' s Bournemouth Bay Run sent wrong way .  Some of the racers were said to be ' in tears ' after the two - mile detour .  Organisation slammed as ' shambolic ' as there was also water shortage .
Holidaymakers are willing to travel the world to take in stunning views from man - made or natural vantage points .  Brave souls can hang over the edge of Toronto ' s CN Tower , which stands 1 , 815 ft tall .  Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1 , 982 ft .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint - Germain 3 - 1 in the Champions League .  Injured David Luiz forced into the fray after Thiago Silva limped off .  Luis Suarez nutmegged Luiz in lead up to both of his goals .  The internet soon filled with memes at the Brazilian ' s expense .
Chris Ramsey wants three wins from QPR ' s final five league games .  Ramsey believes nine points will secure their Premier League status .  The QPR boss want his team to step up a level defensively .
Drone was filming at Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show .  Chimpanzees spotted the drone - and one grabbed a branch .  On its second attempt , it knocked the drone out of the sky .
Zella Jackson Price of Olivette , Missiouri , gave birth to her baby 49 years ago .  After she was told her baby had died , the baby , now named Melanie Gilmore , was adopted to another family for an unknown reason .  Price , 76 , and Gilmore , 49 , confirmed they were related through a DNA test .  They both appear to be overwhelmed with emotion during reunion .  Soon they will begin an investigation into the hospital to see what happened .
Cuomo issued a state health warning Friday about the drug .  More than 160 patients admitted in nine days across the state .  The drug can have long - term effects on the brain , especially for the young people who are abusing it .  Spice is bought over the counter , usually marketed as incense or potpourri .  It caused the death of a California teenager last year .  On April 6 , two Mississippi brothers were placed in medically - induced comas .  They had smoked a ' bad batch ' of the synthetic cannabinoid .
Aid agency received approval from Saudi - led coalition to enter Yemen .  It has been negotiating for weeks to deliver emergency food and supplies .  11 days of coalition airstrikes on Iran - backed Shi ' ite Houthi rebel positions have left more than 500 people dead and many more displaced .  News comes as Pakistan begins talks to join the coalition of Sunni nations .
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Kenneth Stancil made his first appearance in a North Carolina court on Thursday after he was transferred from a Florida jail .  In an expletive - filled rant , he told the judge he knew he was going to get life in prison but shot dead his boss for wanting to molest his brother .  His victim , Ron Lane , and brother had never met and there were no complaints against Lane when he was shot dead on Monday .  Stancil has admitted that he partly shot Lane - who had been his work supervisor before he was fired last month - for being gay .
Tabitha Anne Bennett ' messaged a 14 - year - old girl on Facebook and told her that she would be bringing her daughter to fight the girl '  She ' drove her daughter to the meeting place and emerged with a knife - which made the 14 - year - old girl think she was going to die '  She ' yelled at her daughter to fight the other teenager and pulled the other girl to the ground by her hair '  She has been charged with child abuse and assault and battery .
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on May 2 .  Pacquiao took to Instagram on Thursday to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey .  36 - year - old was also visited by NBA legend Karl Malone at his boxing gym .
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona ' s 3 - 1 win over PSG .  Suarez nutmegged David Luiz on his way to scoring both goals .  The striker says the tie is not over despite Barca ' s two - goal advantage .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan and his son , Brendon .  He carried out shooting last August to avenge nine - year - old sister , Cathy .  Cathy was killed in a car smash involving Brent ' s father , Herbert , in 1970 .  Herbert given nine - month sentence for dangerous driving ; has since died .  Vuozzo , from Prince Edward Island , said the sentence had ' haunted ' him .  Knew victims , who lived near Montague , were not involved in fatal crash .  Defendant pleaded guilty to first - and second - degree murder in February .  He was jailed for life on Monday ; he is not eligible for parole for 35 years .
The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 .  The fleet can be activated within one to four months to aid in national defense and emergencies .  At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2 , 277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .
In February , Ukip unveiled 50 , 000 cap on those being given visas for UK .  Farage then refused to have ' arbitrary targets ' , before moving it to 30 , 000 .  Tories accused Mr Farage of ' making up his policies as he goes along '  Mr Farage has denied his party has made any U - turns on immigration .
David King , 70 , from east London , retired to Normandy 15 years ago .  Body found by sniffer dogs and a man has been charged with murder .  Alleged killer was living rough and is ' behind number of thefts in area '  Gardener Mr King may have confronted him over stolen vegetables .
The Bentley R - Type Continental Fastback was expected to sell for # 200 , 000 .  But an anonymous car collector bought it for # 739 , 212 in Surrey yesterday .  When the vintage car is restored , it could be worth more than # 1million .  Described as ' one of the rarest cars of its time ' as only 218 cars were made .
Incident occurred as the Boeing 737 - 800 landed at Khajuraho airport .  Plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway .  Crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down emergency slides .  Jet Airways said no one was injured and reports of a fire were false .
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry Aaron Leeson - Woolley this Saturday .  She vanished on Sunday while brimming with excitement about wedding .  Police have charged man , 24 , with her murder despite not finding her body .  Family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
Ed Miliband bored his future wife Justine on their first meeting at a party .  The Labour leader discussed economics when she had little interest .  He then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party ' s host .  Mrs Miliband said she and her husband are not interested in ' kitchengate '
Arsene Wenger admits he can see why top teams have struggled against Burnley .  Arsenal needed an Aaron Ramsey strike to earn narrow victory at Turf Moor .  Wenger hails Burnley ' s ' solidarity and organisation '
Jaysh Al - Islam fights against government soldiers in Syrian city of Damascus .  Made up of around ' 60 rebel factions ' , it also opposes Islamist groups like ISIS .  Held the ' largest military parade witnessed ' since start of the Syrian revolution .  Saudi Arabia is ' funding the group with millions of dollars in arms and training '
The world ' s largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia .  It covers a huge 23 , 000 square kilometres and includes original stock .  S . Kidman and Co . are selling another 10 cattle farms across Australia .  In total , they cover 100 , 000 square kilometres and have 155 , 000 cattle .
Jurgen Klopp ' s seven - year stint at Borussia Dortmund will end on June 30 .  Premier League clubs on alert after the shock news from Germany .  Klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break .  Dortmund CEO Hans - Joachim Watzke confirmed news in press conference .  The 47 - year - old has been linked to Arsenal and Man City jobs .  Klopp has won two league titles and the German Cup in seven years there .  Klopp : ' I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change '
Advert sees party leaders form an unlikely boyband named Coalition .  Greens claim main parties are all ' singing from the same hymn sheet '  Mocks Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip for agreeing on austerity .  The film will first be broadcast at 5 . 55 pm on Thursday night on BBC2 .
Team of scientists discovered new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale .  Seven million - year - old Nanokogia isthmia bones were found in Panama .  Suggest the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale ' s evolution .  Today ' s larger sperm whales are able to navigate under water with ease .
Teachers say pupils not ready for ' formal sitting down stage ' before seven .  Play helps children develop communication and social skills , they believe .  Want to follow lead of Finland where 15 minute play time follows lessons .  Union to ask for more play time at its conference in Harrogate this weekend .
Kim Callaghan , from Ireland , piled on the pounds after having children .  Limited to size 28 clothing Kim , 39 , worried she resembled a man .  She joined Slimming World and dropped ten dress sizes as well as 10st .
Researcher says a ' bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument .  Instead he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  He claims all such instruments were made by hyenas , not Neanderthals .  And the bones do not even originate from Neanderthal times .
Injury forced Carl Froch to withdraw from bout with Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr .  Instead , Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara on Saturday night .  The WBA super - middleweight champion is searching for his next fight .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed .  England will resume the match against Norway from the penalty spot .  The Elite Round qualifier resumes in Belfast on Thursday at 9 : 45 pm .  Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free - kick to Norway for encroachment after disallowing England ' s penalty on Saturday .  England were 2 - 1 down to Norway at the time in the 96th minute .  German Kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .  Three Lions earn 3 - 1 victory against Switzerland meaning a 2 - 2 will be enough for European Championship qualification .  Norway beat Northern Ireland 8 - 1 to keep things tight in Group 4 .  It is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by UEFA .  Watch VIDEO below of the controversial penalty incident .  READ : Graham Poll ' s expert verdict on UEFA ' s bizarre decision .
Real Madrid eliminated Atletico Madrid from the Champions League .  Javier Hernandez secured victory with 88th minute strike for Real Madrid .  Raphael Varane filmed fans as Madrid arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu .  READ : Barcelona vs Real Madrid is the dream Champions League final .  Who will win the Champions League ? Our reporters have their say . . .
