Anuradha Koirala , the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year , has a rehab center in Kathmandu , Nepal .  She has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .  Another CNN Hero , Pushpa Basnet , and 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground in a nearby field .  `` I was not afraid that I was going to be killed
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .  It was then submerged in agar-a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .  Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides .  It 's common in soil , so it 's likely someone was gardening before handling cash .  While most
Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth # 23million .  Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .  Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho the majority of the deals have involved South Americans .  Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds .
Carrie Reichert , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story .  Says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .  Claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with Prince Harry in 2012 .  Says alcohol gave her the confidence to approach him before they kissed .  In January , she said she
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail .  She left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .  One read : ` Apes were never meant to drive so stop '  Another said : ` I ' m not racist , ` but I can see how someone can become -LSB- sic -RSB- hating -LSB- expletive
Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters despite a 14-under-par total .  Rory McIlroy had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .  Rose is looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters .  The Northern Irishman has won three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .  Rose is hoping to follow the lead of Spieth
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim .  Chloe , identified by her first name of Chloe , was stripped naked and sexually assaulted .  She was then driven to an isolated wood where she was raped and murdered .  The little girl 's naked body was found in the woods 90 minutes after she was taken .  Chloe 's mother , Isabelle , heard
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island .  She did n't evacuate because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats .  She lost everything in the storm-but in its aftermath she met the love of her life .  She won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station .  But she decided not to cash it in
Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam 's flailing arm .  The collision left the Spain international with a bloody nose .  The 27-year-old posted a picture to his Instagram account with the caption : ` Italy with Dr Paco '
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death in a hallway at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25,2014 .  Hundreds of people gathered at the school to pay tribute to the slain student .  The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother .  A classmate ,
A row over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end after 35 years .  Audrey Alexander , 54 , bought the house and asked her neighbour to trim it .  She claims the hedge has knocked # 20,000 off the value of her property .  Stirling Council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge , although it has to be cut to 20ft .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon .  The 62-year-old was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband shot dead .  She was permitted to attend an addiction studies course in Inchicore .  She was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way to the city centre .  An unsuspecting female commuter sat next to her as she walked to a
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game award .  The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Doctorogba Foundation in Africa '  The 37-year-old scored against Leicester on Wednesday .  He spoke in a video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast .
Catholic Church figures show number of women becoming nuns has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .  She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 2-1 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns .  Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for the hosts with a 25-yard strike .  Bobby Zamora doubled the lead in the 84th minute with an astounding lob from a narrow angle .  Charlie Austin scored his second goal of the game on the 35th minute to put QPR 3-0 up at half-time .  Tony Pulis
The Red Wings ` Drew Miller was left with a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin .  The incident occurred during the first period of Tuesday 's game between the Red Wings and the Senators .  While falling to the ice , Ottawa 's Mark Stone lifted his skate and struck Miller under the visor with the blade .  Miller
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says the German boss would be a good fit in the Premier League .  Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal is not in their sights .  Mertesecker says Klopps ` passion would fit and to see him in
Job listings were spotted by fan site AppleInsider in the past month .  They include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer .  Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page .  It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use .  This includes 90 time checks
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings .  The Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday .  There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine
Paula Dunican , 49 , spent # 25 on the coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when she tried on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through '  Inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  Asda apologised and offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on the ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn .  Due to stand as an independent , Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before .  He won 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election-despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  Mr Carroll contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest .  The seat is the most marginal in England
Britt McHenry 's car was towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the single mother-of-three 's looks , intelligence , and social status .  But the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .  Online petitions for her to be fired reached 10,000 within a
Chloe Owens , 27 , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant .  The mum-of-one says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child .  She and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home .  App contains a tracker so tired mums do not need to remember which breast to
Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant .  He believes it will boost his self-esteem and happiness .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .  She paid # 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big .  Emma Tallon , 27 , said : `
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car .  It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '  It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future '  While in self-driving mode , the front seats of the vehicle swivel 180
Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and sat out the rest of the debate .  Abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign .  In a poll conducted after
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up cash .  Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes .  Others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  The passenger door of the Brinks Armored Truck opened as it was moving .  It caused a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to appear on BBC 's World Have Your Say .  He said the Star Wars films were anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .  The programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films .  He said : ` I ' ve never actually seen # StarWars but the fact that the bad guy was all black
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian '  Miami-based bikini babe has proved a hit on social media .  Fans love photos of her curves , which she says are 100 per cent natural .  Kathy , who works in skincare , says her pictures are ` 100 percent real '
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from Twitter last week .  Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists terrorising Middle East .  Twitter has confirmed the cull was prompted by ` large number of reports '  This is a reference to the ` Operation Anti-ISIS ' campaign launched by online ` hacktavist ' collective Anonymous .  Last month it was revealed that web-savvy militants could control as
Residents in Hatton Garden say they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the # 60million heist .  They also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday .  But they thought this was simply a continuation of road works in recent weeks .  Ex-bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith believes the gang made an unplanned return to
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , was walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole in Shirley , Solihull .  The father-of-two was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .  Firefighters said the
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket .  The Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and
The man was spotted urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire .  A member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone .  Field owner TH Clements & Son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .  Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an ` extensive assessment and review process ' before they reach supermarket shelves .
President Goodluck Jonathan 's victory in Nigeria 's elections is the first of its kind in history .  Frida Ghitis : Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites .  She says for too long , the poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .  She says the problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism .
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .  Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream .  Research into shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for Bulgaria , which is
Gruesome photographs show man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded .  He is then apparently executed by a masked man wielding a meat cleaver .  His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama , Syria .  The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive .  Glen , 35 , had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile .  He met Dee and , after living together for five years , tied the knot in
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit .  But it has not been working for two years .  Every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands in March 2013 .  Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Charles Terreni Jr , 18 , was found dead at the Pi Kappa Alpha house on March 18 .  His official blood alcohol reading was . 375 , according to WISTV .  Neighbors said the house had a party the night before , on St Patrick 's Day .  On Wednesday , several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch .  The fraternity 's national office said
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has reportedly pledged to give each pilot a Bentley .  He reportedly made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .  Saudi forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop Shiite rebels .  They are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government .  Bin Talal , who is a billionaire , is one of the world
The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .  They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .  As a train pulls up , both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage .
Paul and Laura Elliott tied the knot at the London Marathon on Sunday .  36,000 people took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile event .  Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .  By running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 .  The pair , who live in Clapham , London , ran across the finish
Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car on streets of Mississauga , Canada .  Started following in his own vehicle to get the ` selfie ' on the map .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Masters .  The 25-year-old is aiming to win the green jacket for the first time in his career .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .
Roy Keane 's side drew 1-1 with Aston Villa at the Stadium of Light on December 15,2007 .  Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's game against Aston Villa .  Keane sat them down in the home changing room during the 2007-08 Premier League season .  Keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates .  The former Manchester United midfielder described the team talk as ` one
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester .  It was left by builders who were renovating the property in Hough Green , Chester .  Oblivious to true value and historical significance , construction workers dismantled it .  It was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson , a four-poster bed specialist .  But he was shocked when his new
A volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a Taser , killing a man .  Robert Bates , 73 , is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Tulsa , Oklahoma .  `` I shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed , '' Bates says in a statement to investigators .  `` Both the gun and the Taser have a laser sight , and he just made
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ` entrance where Drake was performing at the festival in Indio , California .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  The Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake 's gig .  They showed they had proper wristbands , but
Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .  Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of The Football Association .  Bill Kenwright , chairman of Everton Football Club , said : ` Words cannot describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian '  Toffees chairman said Sir Philip was ` simply a giant
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  The pair stand up solely on their legs-and hold the pose for several seconds .  Their owner and trainer , Dai Aoki , runs the Waterloo , Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care .  The TV show `
Dayna Dobias , 19 , was born with cerebral palsy .  She hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry .
Police say they have no objections to the 4pm kick-off for Sunday 's derby .  Chief Superintendent John O ` Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters .  Manchester United and City meet in the Premier League on Sunday .  The last late-afternoon kick off was for a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford in 2004 .  Click here for Manchester United vs City transfer news .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC President on Wednesday .  He accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh .  Kamal , a Bangladeshi , also criticised the umpires and questioned their partiality over a disputed no-ball against India 's Rohit Sharma .  The ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The bout has been billed as The Fight of the Century .  Former undefeated champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the fight .  Tickets for the fight finally go on sale on Thursday night .
Winchester Council said annual clean-up hit by new rules .  Health and Safety Executive said council were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .  Sir Andrew Motion accuses town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside .  Roadside litter has become a problem almost everywhere in the UK .
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham , won Masterchef last Friday .  Has never been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  Learned about his cooking from reading and watching TV .  He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children-Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven .  The lucky children are on the receiving
Manchester City 's James Milner could leave as a free agent .  Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski .  England 's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool .  Ron Vlaar could leave Aston Villa .  Luke Garbutt is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal at Everton .  Danny Welbeck has been linked with a
Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year .  On their big night , they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .  The pair from Waupaca , Michigan , became fast
Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .  His mother was there to help him as he
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal on Tuesday night .  The World Cup winner became the leading German scorer in the competition .  The 25-year-old led the celebrations with fans after the match .  Pep Guardiola 's side are now in the last four of the competition .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern Munich news
Domenico Rancadore , 65 , has lived in Britain for more than 20 years .  He was given a seven-year sentence for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .  But today it emerged that his European Arrest Warrant was to be withdrawn .  Italian law states that
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth .  Once he 's put an item in the machine , Baron patiently waits for another to be reinsed .  He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .  To date the clip
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa .  It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  Comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .  He said Nike was singled out because of its associations with the
Lorraine Bracco , 60 , revealed that she was first approached to play Carmela Soprano 's wife Carmela in The Sopranos .  The Oscar-nominated actress said she wanted to play Dr . Jennifer Melfi instead .  She said she had already played a mobster 's woman in Goodfellas nine years earlier .  She was cast as Dr . Melfi by the show 's creator David Chase .  She said that
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 .  Every day since then he has completed one and a quarter marathons a day .  The 35-year-old has covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months .  He is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point in Devon tomorrow .  If successful , Mr Carr will become the fastest man to ever run around
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .  He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling cost of living .  But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK .  Labour confirmed it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm .  Labour frontbenchers have expressed concerns
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad .  The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- # 9.90 -RRB- a month .  It includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep and Sex in the City .  Apple is believed to be preparing a new
Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin spotted at Tortaria in New York .  The 38-year-old enjoyed lunch with husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and son Jordan , 3 .  They were seen eating a burrito bowl and a salad at the quaint eatery .  It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of Chipotle .  The couple
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to the Office of National Statistics .  There has been suggestion that football pundit Lineker or Take That singer Barlow
Stevie McCrorie beat Lucy O ` Byrne in the final of The Voice UK 2015 .  It was the first ever winner of the talent show , which was created by Sir Tom Jones in 2012 .  Leanne Mitchell 's debut single , a cover of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You , failed to chart in the top 100 .  She has now been dropped by her
Alexandra Harra , 28 , has been dubbed the Romanian Kim Kardashian .  Has a BA in creative writing and classics and works as a life coach .  Recently dyed her hair to look more like the reality star .  Says she is treated like a celebrity when she returns to her native Romania .  ` When I arrive anywhere in Romania , the paparazzi are after me , they
Dundee United beat Dundee United 1-0 at Den Park .  Nadir Ciftci scored a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead .  Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan also on target for the Dark Blues .  Radoslaw Cierzniak 's low shot was saved by the visitors ` keeper .  United 's first win in a derby for more than a decade .  United striker celebrated by trying to
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia wrapped up on Thursday night in Sydney .  FEMAIL took a look back at the fashion trends we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes .  Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including Toni Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo .  A key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling-both
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by the end of the year .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to five kilograms of cocaine .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed by firing squad .  The pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal
Abby Bishop 's life changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala in August 2013 .  Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .  Bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything .  The basketballer base herself in Canberra , sometimes flying interstate with Zala
Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire .  The former England cricketer will lead his own team in the race for the first time .  The team will compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins .  Prior was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a
Emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car .  Two ambulances were sent to Epping Forest , Essex , after caller said ` victim ' was a squirrel .  But the vehicle turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over .  One man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '  Another woman called to
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation at Wigan Warriors .  The Wales forward made his first appearance since punching St Helens ` Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .
The Maison Souquet is the most provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights .  Located in the once tawdy Pigalle district , the 20-room hotel describes itself as a ` temple to hedonism '
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour .  He has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up .  Finn says he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months '  The 26-year-old is ready to push for an England place .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .  But he was stopped at airport with stun gun disguised as baton and knuckle duster .  Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .  He lost his job before he even started it at Newcastle Crown Court .  Judge said : ` The general public need to be
Acclaimed designer Alex Perry pulls out of 2015 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia .  This year marks the 20th anniversary of the event .  This is only the second time the designer has missed in two decades .  Perry says he loves the excitement of running his own show .  He says Kym Ellery and Johnny Schembri from By Johnny are his two faves .  Perry says the Australian market
The tragedy occurred at Westfield High School in Indiana on Thursday night .  Just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale , the platform beneath them collapsed .  One of the victims , Nicola Gruszka , was so shocked that she was unable to move and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later .  ` All of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent
Liverpool host Aston Villa in the FA Cup on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers says Man City are bigger than Liverpool or Manchester United .  The Reds have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for Raheem Sterling .  Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  Rodgers says the Anfield club have no intention of becoming their feeder team .  CLICK
Royal China Club in central London was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup .  Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup .  They are either disguising the soup on menus as ` fish fin soup ' or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers .  Legal loophole allows people to bring 20kg of shark fin to the country if
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering the breakfast at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .  The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules .  Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .  Ruling is the result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant .  It means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .  He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .  His parents paid tribute to
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages .  The Togolese striker is out of favour under Mauricio Pochettino .  The 31-year-old has made just nine league starts for Spurs this season .  The striker will be made available for loan or a permanent move .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
The tragic fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11,1985 .  There is n't a shred of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately .  Martin Fletcher has written a book Fifty-Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire .  He says it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson .  It should never be
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan .  The pair were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 .  The 25-year-old finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters .  The World No 1 golfer is an avid Manchester United fan .  He revealed last year he dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the New Jersey governor .  Christie asked Fallon if he looked great , Christie said , ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream .  The ice
Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .  The Australian airline could also be fined # 20,000 for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted part in two-and-a-half year con .  He and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin invented cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ` property during broadband installation .  They paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .  But Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy '  But he ordered him to repay
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada at the weekend .  The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy .  Mundo Deportivo looks ahead to Barcelona 's clash with Almeria on Wednesday .  Juventus ` Coppa Italia semi-final win over Fiorentina continues .  Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is being linked with a
Kevin Pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .  Former England star Andrew Flintoff fears there is no vacancy for Pietersen .  Pietersen has not featured for England since being sacked 14 months ago .  Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in the Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad .  Pietersen already has three Ashes series wins on his
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .  Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .  I have held talks with Gennady Golovkin 's manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins .  Paul Smith-Andre Ward , Anthony Dirrell and James DeGale are all in the pipeline .  If he does
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy , 40 miles north of Astana .  It shows a 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over the sky .  It hovers in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  It has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .  Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera .  They will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or M13 .  They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .  The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez scored for the Gunners .  Garath McCleary equalised for Reading in the first half .  But Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead .  The result was the first time Reading have won a FA Cup since 1927 .  Steve Clarke 's side are now fourth in the Premier
Roy Hodgson 's England squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night but their flight home was delayed .  Players from Manchester United , Manchester City , Everton , Liverpool , Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs .  Wayne Rooney , Joe Hart , Chris Smalling , Phil Jones , Ross Barkley , Phil Jagielka , Jordan Henderson , Michael Carrick
A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .  Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' said Food Service
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted about 56 miles from the Libyan port of Misrata .  `` They were armed . And at that point chaos erupted , '' the owner says .  Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester .  Astrophysics undergraduate had bought the drugs via the ` dark web '  Torin , a student at Aberystwyth University , bought the drug on separate occasions .  Coroner said it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '  Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be
Kendall and Baylee were born with very different skin tones .  Miss Horton , 28 , is white , while Mr Curtis , 24 , is half Jamaican .  Their parents , Curtis Martin and Rebecca Horton , are non-identical .  They were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .  This means they have inherited different genes from their parents .  In odds of a million to
The new ` Skywalk ' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County , southwest China .  It has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level .  Work on the # 3.7 million structure started in March last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day .
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will miss Wednesday 's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn due to suspension .  The 34-year-old will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler says Liverpool 's players must not focus on the skipper .  Fowler says they have got to ` do it for every individual involved with the club '
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband via Facebook .  Danny Cevallos : Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law .  He says if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .  Cevallo : If you ca n't find a defendant , a judge might let
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -LRB- EBUS -RRB- allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .  Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first
Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the Euro 2016 finals in France , assuming everyone is fit .  Roy Hodgson 's side face Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Wayne Rooney is selected in a central role behind Daniel Sturridge and Harry Kane .  Luke Shaw has n't done enough yet to displace Baines .  Henderson and Wilshere represent a holding
New episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .  The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .  Clarkson 's spokesman was unavailable for comment .
Republican Gov . Sam Brownback is likely to sign the bill .  Kansans are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare .  They will be limited to withdrawing $ 25 in cash per day for the first time .  State Sen . Oletha Faust-Goudeau called it ` ludicrous ' and ` outrageous '  But state Sen . Michael O ` Donnell said public assistance should be spent '
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .  It 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .  ` That 's the end of the nesting dolls of egg ... an
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie on `` L.A. . Law '' for eight seasons .  He won an Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .  He also played Henry L . Stimson , Secretary of War in the 1995 HBO telefilm `` Meteor ''  He also appeared in the 1972 Broadway production of `` That Championship Season ''  He was one of the
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public today .  Over a million people visit the walls every year , but this dropped to 910,000 last year .
Louise Shepherd , 31 , was hiking through the Madidi national park in Bolivia .  She had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world .  Her sister Hannah and friend Rose Jones , both 30 , were killed at the same time .  Friends and family of the popular graduate have paid tribute to her today .  One said : `
Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth over # 2m .  The annual levy will hit his own home in north London , it has been claimed .  Estate agents are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Milikin price '  They are now offering a lower ` Edliband price ' to compensate for future bills .  David
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  Mr Keenan 's father Keith , 62 , was also diagnosed with scabies and dementia .  He was evicted from his four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday night .  The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form .  Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .  It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield , which they last won in
Ipswich drew 1-1 with Wolves at Molineux on Saturday .  Mick McCarthy 's side were denied three points by a Richard Stearman own goal .  Wolves bounced back to take a point through Benik Afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute .  McCarthy hails the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players .  The former Wolves
Police in Rhein Erft , Germany , received a bizarre phone call about a large kangaroo .  They assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the call .  They found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl , 20 kilometres south of Cologne .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .  Two days ago he was freed as terrorists stormed prison he was being held in .  Pictures show him relaxing in the governor 's palace in Mukalla , Yemen .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web is the fourth installment in Stieg Larsson 's Millennium crime trilogy .  500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist , whom she helps solve a murder mystery in the first book in the series .  Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died
Sunderland host Newcastle United at Stadium of Light -LRB- Sunday , 4pm -RRB- .  Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return after serving a two-match ban .  Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday 's derby trip to the Magpies .  Newcastle defender has undergone surgery to remove a cyst from his knee .  Steven Taylor , Paul Dummett and Cheick Tiote are also out .  Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram .  The 18-year-old said she had been bullied about her appearance and weight .  Sofia is Roman 's daughter by Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina .  The pair had five children and split in 2007 .  Sofia said : ` Any rude , offensive or explicit comment wo n't be deleted or blocked '  She added : ` Starting
South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol 's wreck `` as soon as possible ''  Divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage , bringing the dead home .  Park Eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter , Huh Da-yun .  `` I cannot think about anything except to find my daughter and other missing people , ''
Emergency move came after premature reports that flames had been put out .  500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk .  The submarine 's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire .
Javier Hernandez scored in Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final win over Atletico Madrid .  The Mexico international broke down in tears after the game .  Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy him permanent .  Manchester United have no shortage of interest in the forward .  Hernandez has one year left on his contract at Real Madrid .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real
Naomi Jacobs , 32 , was struck with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .  Last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on .  Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick , the
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. . McGarr in 1980 .  He spent 36 years in jail before being finally released last November .  He was the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history .  Hanline said he was hoping to return to a normal life with his wife Sandy .  He said : ` All I want to
It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia .  But it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the White House .  It was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5am and 11pm , according to thenextweb . com .  Security consultant Bryan Seely created the listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland .  He said he created
South Korean authorities say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  The 2013 attack , known as `` Dark Seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters .  `` It would try to delete essentially all your files ... then restart the system , '' a digital forensic expert says .  The latest high-profile digital incursion
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the woman 's arm just in time .  The woman had apparently threatened to jump from a 10-storey Chinese tower block .  Police failed to convince the woman to climb back into a nearby apartment .  But before the ladder could be used the woman became agitated .  She lowered herself on to the edge of the ledge and called for help .  She was then
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club .  The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League .  Dortmund have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30 pm .  Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over at the club .  The former Mainz coach is understood to be exhausted after a difficult season in which the
Disgraced former Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court Wednesday .  He argued that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme .  McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland .  The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators .  Authorities will not say how the couple died .  The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands .
A 16-year-old student walked into the commons at North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses .  Brady Olson , 43 , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's Instagram feed .  Users can now venture out to the app for a look at the full library .  Firm has also used Facebook to boost its ` mutual friends ' feature .  Firm says it will not let other visitors know it was part of a dating profile .  Tinder has also rolled out ` Tinder Plus
Ian Brady wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .  He said he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling '  The 77-year-old was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  Victims were lured to their deaths and buried on Saddleworth Moor .  Brady , who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 show Beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  They show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .  Some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion , a camel and a horse .
A man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute into the front doors of a police station in the Northern Territory .  The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving the car at full speed towards the Harts Range police station .  Luckily the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs , was vacant at the
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will take on each other at the MGM Grand next Friday .  Fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in for the first time in boxing .  Ricky Hatton and Mayweweather will be required to weigh not more than the stipulated poundage for each division .  Wladimir Klitschko will make a rare appearance in the US this Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the
Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton 's Scooby Doo van in a handicapped spot in Council Bluffs , Iowa on Thursday .  The presidential nominee was in a meeting with state Democratic Party officials .  Mrs . Clinton has round-the-clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of a former U.S. . president , Bill Clinton .
Brett Robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible '  A judge rejected her
Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd .  They believed it was engaged in illegal fishing off the west coast of Africa .  The Thunder had been fishing in waters between Sao Tome and Principe .  It sank in perfect conditions , leading to suspicions that it had been scuttled .  The crew of 40 men managed to escape into life rafts before the vessel
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .  But the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '  Waterloo 200 chairman , Major General Sir Evelyn Webb-Carter , defended the ` no triumphalism ' theme .
The offensive image has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia .  The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. .  University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences .  Last year the World Health Organisation said the number
Britain 's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .  The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister 's # 142,500 pay packet .  A further 11tists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 .  A total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .  The figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers ` money paid for NHS work .  They
Jackson Byrnes , 18 , was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  He was told he would not operate due to how deep the cancer was .  His family found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .  The Casino teenager is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for his surgery .  He is just under $ 4,000
QPR face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday .  Chris Ramsey has praised Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country .  But Ramsey insists he wo n't need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger .  QPR are 19th in the Barclay 's Premier League table .  The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club .  Liverpool face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday .
The 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him and asking them to carry out household duties .  Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence .  He had his licence cancelled in 2013 after a string of complaints , including suggesting to a
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men .  Just under half -LRB- 47 % -RRB- of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions , compared to just 40 % of men .  For men , the figure was even higher , with 52 % having mental issues .  One in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network in Portadown , County Armagh .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .  However
The 86-year-old , from Baldock , Hertfordshire , stars alongside Flo Dron , 22 .  The new campaign is a collaboration between the footwear brand and the high street store .  Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on and the shoes are worn with pieces from the brand 's SS2015 collection .  At the time of the interview in 2011 , Daphne was still commanding # 1,000
Edward Snowden revealed he did not read all the top-secret documents he leaked .  The former US spy squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files .  He also admitted there had been a ` f * * * - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda .  Snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were
CNN 's Richard Quest was in Kathmandu when he was hit by a strong aftershock .  There 's some structural damage to buildings , but it 's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake .  Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  She is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership .  Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for leaders ` debate , rocked a coral two-piece by Scottish
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool .  The 20-year-old forward has been used as a wing back by Brendan Rodgers .  Sterling 's current # 35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run .  Sterling scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed after a refereeing error .  The error was caused by German referee Marija Kurtes in the 96th minute of England 's 2-1 ` defeat ' by Norway in their qualifying group .  Kurtes had spotted encroachment by at least one England player and rightly disallowed an indirect
Teenage waitress claims Aaron Lennon grabbed her and ripped her top .  18-year-old fled to the toilet in tears after incident at Suede nightclub in Manchester .  He was interviewed by police on suspicion of assault earlier this month .  Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing .  Lennon , who has 21 England caps , lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
Manhattan-based skin clinic Skin Laundry , which also has clinics in California and Arizona .  Clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner , as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated .  The clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings-and frequent visitors are known to bring in cookies
Rangers bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South .  Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece at Ibrox .  The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a mega-fight on May 2 .  Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- # 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight .  Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his California hometown on June 20 .  The self-called Son of God said he would be prepared to face Carl Froch .  Marco Antonio Periban
Angela Kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .  At 5ft 3in , Kelly had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels .  Even the first twinge of arthritis , which began in her right knee in her early 30s , could n't persuade her to kick her heel habit .  She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break .  300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point went to the toilet .  Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .  Some runners were ` in tears ' while one described
Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers .  Corcovado in central Rio de Janeiro provides amazing vistas of the city of Sao Paulo .  The CN Tower in Toronto is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders in the Modern World .  The Skywalk opened in 2007 on land belonging to
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over PSG .  David Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva .  The Brazilian was a night to forget for the former Chelsea defender .
Queens Park Rangers are in the drop zone with 28 points .  Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the Premier League with three wins .  QPR conceded a late goal against Chelsea to lose 1-0 at Loftus Road .  QPR face West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester .
Drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the zoo 's chimp enclosure .  Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in Arnhem .  The craft was able to fly around the zoo-before arriving at the chimpanzee 's enclosure .
For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home .  When Price gave birth at Homer G . Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .  But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up
Governor Andrew Cuomo issued state health alert for New York .  160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug .  Cannabinoid , also known as ` K2 ' or ` Mojo ' , is commonly abused by teenagers .  It is typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .  Symptoms range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches .  Spcie is a mix of herbs sprayed with
Red Cross has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen .  Coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi ` ite Houthis .  UN last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting .  It called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .  But hopes of getting
### NO MATCH FOUND ###
Kenneth Stancil , 20 , is accused of shooting dead 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Monday morning .  He allegedly shot Lane , who worked in the college 's print shop , for trying to molest his brother .  He was removed from the courtroom on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table .  He told the judge
Tabitha Bennett allegedly met the girl at a corner in New Port Richey , Florida , and allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older-year-old girl , according to police .  Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .  Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones .
Manny Pacquaio takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown .  He thanked Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support on Instagram .  The pair also thanked NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .  Pacquiao 's trainer , Freddie Roach , believes he is better equipped to
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter final .  Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie .  The forward says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and son , Brendon , 39 , last August .  He was two years old when his sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received nine-month sentence .  After more than 40 years of torment , he confronted driver
The United States ` National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies .  At its peak in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .  Only James River , Beaumont and Suisun Bay remain today .  Today , just over
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous '  Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the level of the cap ` might change every year '  Tories accuse Mr Farage of ` making up his policies as he goes
Detectives are investigating killing of David King , 70 , from Newham , east London .  His body was found by sniffer dogs in picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south-west of Caen .  An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  Mr King , a keen gardener , was living rough in the area and was thought to have been behind a number of thefts .  Family
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 .  It ended up being sold for # 739,212-a record for the auction house .  It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple-the license plate still bears his initials .  When it is ready , it could be worth more than # 1million .  It was
Plane was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members when it came to a stop .  Left wing landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down in Khajuraho , India .  Passengers were forced to exit the plane via its inflatable evacuation slides .  Jet Airways said reports of a fire were untrue and said it was ` a technical problem '  No one was injured , but the
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley this Saturday .  The English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while making final preparations for the wedding .  Friends and family of the missing bride-to-be were flying in from around the world to be at her big day .  They now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman .  The 44-year-old said she thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached '  But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday .  Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game for the Gunners .  Arsene Wenger has said praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season .  Burnley have won only once in 11 games but are two points from safety .  They face Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures .
Jaysh Al-Islam , or Army of Islam , is a militant group that opposes ISIS and Syrian regime .  Thousands of troops , tanks and special forces soldiers took part in military parade in Damascus .  They are part of the group which is allegedly being funded by Saudi Arabia .  The insurgent group was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek , South Australia .  It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .  S . Kidman and Co are a family business with a headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff .  The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia 's exports .
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager at the end of June .  The German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League .  The 47-year-old will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 .  He has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .  He denied reports that he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion .
Advert features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage .  Change The Tune features comedians playing the four party leaders .  They sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking .  It also takes a swipe at the background of leading politicians , with the lyrics : ` It 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .  In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .  Nanokogia isthmia is a new
Teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven .  Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the National Union of Teachers .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which have 15 minute
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .  As she became heavier she worried her husband would not see her as the ` sexy ' woman he married .  Before her weight loss she was limited to a size 28 figure-hiding garments .  She turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape .  The housewife 's diet consisted
A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument .  Instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia .  Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences took a look at several ` musical instruments ' that had been attributed to Neanderthals .
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr . in Las Vegas .  The WBA super-middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury .  Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday .
Leah Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early .  German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal and awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway .  The astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal .  Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side could face Barcelona , Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi-finals .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
