Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth # 23million .  Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .  Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho the majority of the deals have involved South Americans .  Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds .
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on the ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn .  Due to stand as an independent , Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before .  He won 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election-despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .  Mr Carroll contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest .  The seat is the most marginal in England
Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .  Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of The Football Association .  Bill Kenwright , chairman of Everton Football Club , said : ` Words cannot describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an Evertonian '  Toffees chairman said Sir Philip was ` simply a giant
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name .  That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain .  In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to the Office of National Statistics .  There has been suggestion that football pundit Lineker or Take That singer Barlow
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband via Facebook .  Danny Cevallos : Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law .  He says if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it .  Cevallo : If you ca n't find a defendant , a judge might let
Sportsmail 's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the Euro 2016 finals in France , assuming everyone is fit .  Roy Hodgson 's side face Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night .  Wayne Rooney is selected in a central role behind Daniel Sturridge and Harry Kane .  Luke Shaw has n't done enough yet to displace Baines .  Henderson and Wilshere represent a holding
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday night .  The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form .  Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .  It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield , which they last won in
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland .  The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators .  Authorities will not say how the couple died .  The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands .
Ian Brady wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside .  He said he is a Ukip supporter and thinks David Dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling '  The 77-year-old was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children .  Victims were lured to their deaths and buried on Saddleworth Moor .  Brady , who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around
Advert features David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage .  Change The Tune features comedians playing the four party leaders .  They sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking .  It also takes a swipe at the background of leading politicians , with the lyrics : ` It 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony .
Leah Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate Rosella Ayane had entered the box too early .  German referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal and awarded an indirect free-kick to Norway .  The astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal .  Jenna Dear scored twice at the Seaview Stadium while Leah Williamson
