General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car .  It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '  It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .  Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future '  While in self-driving mode , the front seats of the vehicle swivel 180
Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , was walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .  As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole in Shirley , Solihull .  The father-of-two was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .  Firefighters said the
The man was spotted urinating in a field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire .  A member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone .  Field owner TH Clements & Son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .  Tesco has said its vegetables undergo an ` extensive assessment and review process ' before they reach supermarket shelves .
Winchester Council said annual clean-up hit by new rules .  Health and Safety Executive said council were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .  Sir Andrew Motion accuses town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside .  Roadside litter has become a problem almost everywhere in the UK .
Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead .  He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .  His mother was there to help him as he
Domenico Rancadore , 65 , has lived in Britain for more than 20 years .  He was given a seven-year sentence for being a member of the Cosa Nostra .  In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .  But today it emerged that his European Arrest Warrant was to be withdrawn .  Italian law states that
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .  Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth .  Once he 's put an item in the machine , Baron patiently waits for another to be reinsed .  He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .  To date the clip
Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , believes she will be executed by the end of the year .  She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to five kilograms of cocaine .  Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed by firing squad .  The pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal
Abby Bishop 's life changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala in August 2013 .  Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .  Bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything .  The basketballer base herself in Canberra , sometimes flying interstate with Zala
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation at Wigan Warriors .  The Wales forward made his first appearance since punching St Helens ` Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .
Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .  But he was stopped at airport with stun gun disguised as baton and knuckle duster .  Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons .  He lost his job before he even started it at Newcastle Crown Court .  Judge said : ` The general public need to be
Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering the breakfast at The Black Milk Cereal Cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .  The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .  The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules .  Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .  Ruling is the result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant .  It means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound
Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .  He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .  He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .  His parents paid tribute to
The tragic fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11,1985 .  There is n't a shred of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately .  Martin Fletcher has written a book Fifty-Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire .  He says it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson .  It should never be
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan .  The pair were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 .  The 25-year-old finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters .  The World No 1 golfer is an avid Manchester United fan .  He revealed last year he dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the New Jersey governor .  Christie asked Fallon if he looked great , Christie said , ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '  Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream .  The ice
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera .  They will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or M13 .  They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .  The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison
A concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week .  Virginia 's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama 's federal lunch rules .  ` Poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' said Food Service
The boat , named Airone , was intercepted about 56 miles from the Libyan port of Misrata .  `` They were armed . And at that point chaos erupted , '' the owner says .  Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa .
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound -LRB- EBUS -RRB- allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go .  Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure .  Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first
New episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ` tosser ' on Top Gear .  The episode was apparently filmed last July , but the narration has recently been tweaked .  Clarkson 's spokesman was unavailable for comment .
The Girl In The Spider 's Web is the fourth installment in Stieg Larsson 's Millennium crime trilogy .  500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist , whom she helps solve a murder mystery in the first book in the series .  Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 show Beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors .  They show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven , standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace .  Some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion , a camel and a horse .
A man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute into the front doors of a police station in the Northern Territory .  The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving the car at full speed towards the Harts Range police station .  Luckily the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs , was vacant at the
The offensive image has been circulating on mother 's groups in Australia .  The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called ` The Disciples of the New Dawn ' in the U.S. .  University of Sydney 's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences .  Last year the World Health Organisation said the number
Britain 's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year .  The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister 's # 142,500 pay packet .  A further 11tists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 .  A total of 177 received more than # 200,000 .  The figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers ` money paid for NHS work .  They
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network in Portadown , County Armagh .  Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea .  UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .  However
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain .  She is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office .  In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership .  Today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels , and for leaders ` debate , rocked a coral two-piece by Scottish
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women 's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed after a refereeing error .  The error was caused by German referee Marija Kurtes in the 96th minute of England 's 2-1 ` defeat ' by Norway in their qualifying group .  Kurtes had spotted encroachment by at least one England player and rightly disallowed an indirect
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a mega-fight on May 2 .  Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- # 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight .  Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his California hometown on June 20 .  The self-called Son of God said he would be prepared to face Carl Froch .  Marco Antonio Periban
The United States ` National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies .  At its peak in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year .  Only James River , Beaumont and Suisun Bay remain today .  Today , just over
Detectives are investigating killing of David King , 70 , from Newham , east London .  His body was found by sniffer dogs in picturesque hamlet of Pierres , south-west of Caen .  An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder .  Mr King , a keen gardener , was living rough in the area and was thought to have been behind a number of thefts .  Family
Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due to marry fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley this Saturday .  The English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while making final preparations for the wedding .  Friends and family of the missing bride-to-be were flying in from around the world to be at her big day .  They now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder
The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek , South Australia .  It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment .  S . Kidman and Co are a family business with a headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff .  The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia 's exports .
A researcher says a ` bone flute ' found in Slovenia is not an instrument .  Instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .  The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in Slovenia .  Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences took a look at several ` musical instruments ' that had been attributed to Neanderthals .
