Anuradha Koirala , the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year , has a rehab center in Kathmandu , Nepal .  She has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster .  Another CNN Hero , Pushpa Basnet , and 45 children she cares for are now living on the ground in a nearby field .  `` I was not afraid that I was going to be killed
Carrie Reichert , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story .  Says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .  Claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with Prince Harry in 2012 .  Says alcohol gave her the confidence to approach him before they kissed .  In January , she said she
Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters despite a 14-under-par total .  Rory McIlroy had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .  Rose is looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters .  The Northern Irishman has won three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .  Rose is hoping to follow the lead of Spieth
Mary Ann Diano , 62 , was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island .  She did n't evacuate because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats .  She lost everything in the storm-but in its aftermath she met the love of her life .  She won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station .  But she decided not to cash it in
Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death in a hallway at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25,2014 .  Hundreds of people gathered at the school to pay tribute to the slain student .  The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother .  A classmate ,
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game award .  The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Doctorogba Foundation in Africa '  The 37-year-old scored against Leicester on Wednesday .  He spoke in a video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast .
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 2-1 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns .  Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for the hosts with a 25-yard strike .  Bobby Zamora doubled the lead in the 84th minute with an astounding lob from a narrow angle .  Charlie Austin scored his second goal of the game on the 35th minute to put QPR 3-0 up at half-time .  Tony Pulis
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings .  The Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday .  There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine
Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian '  Miami-based bikini babe has proved a hit on social media .  Fans love photos of her curves , which she says are 100 per cent natural .  Kathy , who works in skincare , says her pictures are ` 100 percent real '
Residents in Hatton Garden say they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the # 60million heist .  They also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday .  But they thought this was simply a continuation of road works in recent weeks .  Ex-bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith believes the gang made an unplanned return to
President Goodluck Jonathan 's victory in Nigeria 's elections is the first of its kind in history .  Frida Ghitis : Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites .  She says for too long , the poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .  She says the problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism .
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .  Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream .  Research into shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for Bulgaria , which is
Charles Terreni Jr , 18 , was found dead at the Pi Kappa Alpha house on March 18 .  His official blood alcohol reading was . 375 , according to WISTV .  Neighbors said the house had a party the night before , on St Patrick 's Day .  On Wednesday , several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch .  The fraternity 's national office said
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has reportedly pledged to give each pilot a Bentley .  He reportedly made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .  Saudi forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop Shiite rebels .  They are allied with Iran and previously overthrew the Saudi-backed government .  Bin Talal , who is a billionaire , is one of the world
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Masters .  The 25-year-old is aiming to win the green jacket for the first time in his career .  Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The bout has been billed as The Fight of the Century .  Former undefeated champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the fight .  Tickets for the fight finally go on sale on Thursday night .
Manchester City 's James Milner could leave as a free agent .  Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski .  England 's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool .  Ron Vlaar could leave Aston Villa .  Luke Garbutt is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal at Everton .  Danny Welbeck has been linked with a
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .  He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year .  He has helped refine Mr Miliband 's message about tackling cost of living .  But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK .  Labour confirmed it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm .  Labour frontbenchers have expressed concerns
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages .  The Togolese striker is out of favour under Mauricio Pochettino .  The 31-year-old has made just nine league starts for Spurs this season .  The striker will be made available for loan or a permanent move .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night .  Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada at the weekend .  The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy .  Mundo Deportivo looks ahead to Barcelona 's clash with Almeria on Wednesday .  Juventus ` Coppa Italia semi-final win over Fiorentina continues .  Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is being linked with a
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley .  Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez scored for the Gunners .  Garath McCleary equalised for Reading in the first half .  But Adam Federici 's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead .  The result was the first time Reading have won a FA Cup since 1927 .  Steve Clarke 's side are now fourth in the Premier
Kendall and Baylee were born with very different skin tones .  Miss Horton , 28 , is white , while Mr Curtis , 24 , is half Jamaican .  Their parents , Curtis Martin and Rebecca Horton , are non-identical .  They were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm .  This means they have inherited different genes from their parents .  In odds of a million to
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens .  It 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .  ` That 's the end of the nesting dolls of egg ... an
Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on homes worth over # 2m .  The annual levy will hit his own home in north London , it has been claimed .  Estate agents are now said to be offering a higher ` Cameron price ' and lower ` Milikin price '  They are now offering a lower ` Edliband price ' to compensate for future bills .  David
Sunderland host Newcastle United at Stadium of Light -LRB- Sunday , 4pm -RRB- .  Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return after serving a two-match ban .  Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday 's derby trip to the Magpies .  Newcastle defender has undergone surgery to remove a cyst from his knee .  Steven Taylor , Paul Dummett and Cheick Tiote are also out .  Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram .  The 18-year-old said she had been bullied about her appearance and weight .  Sofia is Roman 's daughter by Irina Vyacheslavovna Malandina .  The pair had five children and split in 2007 .  Sofia said : ` Any rude , offensive or explicit comment wo n't be deleted or blocked '  She added : ` Starting
Javier Hernandez scored in Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final win over Atletico Madrid .  The Mexico international broke down in tears after the game .  Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy him permanent .  Manchester United have no shortage of interest in the forward .  Hernandez has one year left on his contract at Real Madrid .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club .  The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League .  Dortmund have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30 pm .  Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over at the club .  The former Mainz coach is understood to be exhausted after a difficult season in which the
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will take on each other at the MGM Grand next Friday .  Fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in for the first time in boxing .  Ricky Hatton and Mayweweather will be required to weigh not more than the stipulated poundage for each division .  Wladimir Klitschko will make a rare appearance in the US this Saturday .  CLICK HERE for all the
QPR face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday .  Chris Ramsey has praised Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country .  But Ramsey insists he wo n't need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger .  QPR are 19th in the Barclay 's Premier League table .  The R 's have taken just four points since the turn of the
Pulpit Rock in Forsand , Norway , has breathtaking views of a fjord carved by glaciers .  Corcovado in central Rio de Janeiro provides amazing vistas of the city of Sao Paulo .  The CN Tower in Toronto is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders in the Modern World .  The Skywalk opened in 2007 on land belonging to
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over PSG .  David Luiz was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva .  The Brazilian was a night to forget for the former Chelsea defender .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League quarter final .  Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie .  The forward says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
Plane was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members when it came to a stop .  Left wing landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down in Khajuraho , India .  Passengers were forced to exit the plane via its inflatable evacuation slides .  Jet Airways said reports of a fire were untrue and said it was ` a technical problem '  No one was injured , but the
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman .  The 44-year-old said she thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached '  But the Labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday .  Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game for the Gunners .  Arsene Wenger has said praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season .  Burnley have won only once in 11 games but are two points from safety .  They face Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures .
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager at the end of June .  The German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League .  The 47-year-old will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 .  He has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion .  He denied reports that he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion .
Teachers are set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven .  Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading , writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five , according to the National Union of Teachers .  They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which have 15 minute
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr . in Las Vegas .  The WBA super-middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury .  Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final .  Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute .  Carlo Ancelotti 's side could face Barcelona , Juventus or Bayern Munich in the semi-finals .  CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
