The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .  It was then submerged in agar-a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly .  The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .  Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides .  It 's common in soil , so it 's likely someone was gardening before handling cash .  While most
Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail .  She left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .  One read : ` Apes were never meant to drive so stop '  Another said : ` I ' m not racist , ` but I can see how someone can become -LSB- sic -RSB- hating -LSB- expletive
Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim .  Chloe , identified by her first name of Chloe , was stripped naked and sexually assaulted .  She was then driven to an isolated wood where she was raped and murdered .  The little girl 's naked body was found in the woods 90 minutes after she was taken .  Chloe 's mother , Isabelle , heard
A row over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end after 35 years .  Audrey Alexander , 54 , bought the house and asked her neighbour to trim it .  She claims the hedge has knocked # 20,000 off the value of her property .  Stirling Council has ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge , although it has to be cut to 20ft .
Catholic Church figures show number of women becoming nuns has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .  From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .  Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .  She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .  Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says the German boss would be a good fit in the Premier League .  Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal is not in their sights .  Mertesecker says Klopps ` passion would fit and to see him in
Paula Dunican , 49 , spent # 25 on the coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .  But when she tried on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through '  Inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .  Asda apologised and offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
Britt McHenry 's car was towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia .  When she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the single mother-of-three 's looks , intelligence , and social status .  But the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .  Online petitions for her to be fired reached 10,000 within a
Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant .  He believes it will boost his self-esteem and happiness .  Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .  She paid # 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big .  Emma Tallon , 27 , said : `
Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia .  The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and sat out the rest of the debate .  Abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign .  In a poll conducted after
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up cash .  Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes .  Others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .  The passenger door of the Brinks Armored Truck opened as it was moving .  It caused a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to appear on BBC 's World Have Your Say .  He said the Star Wars films were anti-women , anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .  The programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films .  He said : ` I ' ve never actually seen # StarWars but the fact that the bad guy was all black
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from Twitter last week .  Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists terrorising Middle East .  Twitter has confirmed the cull was prompted by ` large number of reports '  This is a reference to the ` Operation Anti-ISIS ' campaign launched by online ` hacktavist ' collective Anonymous .  Last month it was revealed that web-savvy militants could control as
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket .  The Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .  Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and
Gruesome photographs show man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded .  He is then apparently executed by a masked man wielding a meat cleaver .  His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama , Syria .  The series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group .
Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive .  Glen , 35 , had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile .  He met Dee and , after living together for five years , tied the knot in
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit .  But it has not been working for two years .  Every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands in March 2013 .  Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera , but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it .
Paul and Laura Elliott tied the knot at the London Marathon on Sunday .  36,000 people took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile event .  Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago .  By running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 .  The pair , who live in Clapham , London , ran across the finish
Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car on streets of Mississauga , Canada .  Started following in his own vehicle to get the ` selfie ' on the map .
Roy Keane 's side drew 1-1 with Aston Villa at the Stadium of Light on December 15,2007 .  Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's game against Aston Villa .  Keane sat them down in the home changing room during the 2007-08 Premier League season .  Keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates .  The former Manchester United midfielder described the team talk as ` one
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester .  It was left by builders who were renovating the property in Hough Green , Chester .  Oblivious to true value and historical significance , construction workers dismantled it .  It was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by Ian Coulson , a four-poster bed specialist .  But he was shocked when his new
A volunteer sheriff 's deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a Taser , killing a man .  Robert Bates , 73 , is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Tulsa , Oklahoma .  `` I shoot long guns left handed and handguns right handed , '' Bates says in a statement to investigators .  `` Both the gun and the Taser have a laser sight , and he just made
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ` entrance where Drake was performing at the festival in Indio , California .  A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .  The Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake 's gig .  They showed they had proper wristbands , but
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .  Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .  The pair stand up solely on their legs-and hold the pose for several seconds .  Their owner and trainer , Dai Aoki , runs the Waterloo , Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care .  The TV show `
Police say they have no objections to the 4pm kick-off for Sunday 's derby .  Chief Superintendent John O ` Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters .  Manchester United and City meet in the Premier League on Sunday .  The last late-afternoon kick off was for a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford in 2004 .  Click here for Manchester United vs City transfer news .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC President on Wednesday .  He accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh .  Kamal , a Bangladeshi , also criticised the umpires and questioned their partiality over a disputed no-ball against India 's Rohit Sharma .  The ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty
Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham , won Masterchef last Friday .  Has never been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .  Learned about his cooking from reading and watching TV .  He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children-Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven .  The lucky children are on the receiving
Matt Pliska , who has Down syndrome , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year .  On their big night , they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .  The pair from Waupaca , Michigan , became fast
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa .  It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .  Comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross .  He said Nike was singled out because of its associations with the
Lorraine Bracco , 60 , revealed that she was first approached to play Carmela Soprano 's wife Carmela in The Sopranos .  The Oscar-nominated actress said she wanted to play Dr . Jennifer Melfi instead .  She said she had already played a mobster 's woman in Goodfellas nine years earlier .  She was cast as Dr . Melfi by the show 's creator David Chase .  She said that
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 .  Every day since then he has completed one and a quarter marathons a day .  The 35-year-old has covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months .  He is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point in Devon tomorrow .  If successful , Mr Carr will become the fastest man to ever run around
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box , iPhone and iPad .  The service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- # 9.90 -RRB- a month .  It includes all past , present and future HBO programming .  This includes Game of Thrones , the Sopranos , Veep and Sex in the City .  Apple is believed to be preparing a new
Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide Huma Abedin spotted at Tortaria in New York .  The 38-year-old enjoyed lunch with husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and son Jordan , 3 .  They were seen eating a burrito bowl and a salad at the quaint eatery .  It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of Chipotle .  The couple
Stevie McCrorie beat Lucy O ` Byrne in the final of The Voice UK 2015 .  It was the first ever winner of the talent show , which was created by Sir Tom Jones in 2012 .  Leanne Mitchell 's debut single , a cover of Whitney Houston 's I Would Run To You , failed to chart in the top 100 .  She has now been dropped by her
Dundee United beat Dundee United 1-0 at Den Park .  Nadir Ciftci scored a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead .  Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan also on target for the Dark Blues .  Radoslaw Cierzniak 's low shot was saved by the visitors ` keeper .  United 's first win in a derby for more than a decade .  United striker celebrated by trying to
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia wrapped up on Thursday night in Sydney .  FEMAIL took a look back at the fashion trends we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes .  Bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including Toni Maticevski and Michael Lo Sordo .  A key beauty trend on the catwalk appeared to be face bling-both
Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire .  The former England cricketer will lead his own team in the race for the first time .  The team will compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins .  Prior was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour .  He has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up .  Finn says he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months '  The 26-year-old is ready to push for an England place .
Acclaimed designer Alex Perry pulls out of 2015 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia .  This year marks the 20th anniversary of the event .  This is only the second time the designer has missed in two decades .  Perry says he loves the excitement of running his own show .  He says Kym Ellery and Johnny Schembri from By Johnny are his two faves .  Perry says the Australian market
The tragedy occurred at Westfield High School in Indiana on Thursday night .  Just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale , the platform beneath them collapsed .  One of the victims , Nicola Gruszka , was so shocked that she was unable to move and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later .  ` All of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent
Liverpool host Aston Villa in the FA Cup on Sunday .  Brendan Rodgers says Man City are bigger than Liverpool or Manchester United .  The Reds have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for Raheem Sterling .  Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .  Rodgers says the Anfield club have no intention of becoming their feeder team .  CLICK
Royal China Club in central London was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup .  Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup .  They are either disguising the soup on menus as ` fish fin soup ' or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers .  Legal loophole allows people to bring 20kg of shark fin to the country if
Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport .  The Australian airline could also be fined # 20,000 for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted part in two-and-a-half year con .  He and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin invented cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ` property during broadband installation .  They paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .  But Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy '  But he ordered him to repay
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .  Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .  I have held talks with Gennady Golovkin 's manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins .  Paul Smith-Andre Ward , Anthony Dirrell and James DeGale are all in the pipeline .  If he does
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy , 40 miles north of Astana .  It shows a 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over the sky .  It hovers in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace .  It has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .  Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to
Torin Lakeman , 19 , and brother Jacques , 20 , died in a pub in Manchester .  Astrophysics undergraduate had bought the drugs via the ` dark web '  Torin , a student at Aberystwyth University , bought the drug on separate occasions .  Coroner said it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way '  Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will miss Wednesday 's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn due to suspension .  The 34-year-old will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy .  Reds legend Robbie Fowler says Liverpool 's players must not focus on the skipper .  Fowler says they have got to ` do it for every individual involved with the club '
Republican Gov . Sam Brownback is likely to sign the bill .  Kansans are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare .  They will be limited to withdrawing $ 25 in cash per day for the first time .  State Sen . Oletha Faust-Goudeau called it ` ludicrous ' and ` outrageous '  But state Sen . Michael O ` Donnell said public assistance should be spent '
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie on `` L.A. . Law '' for eight seasons .  He won an Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years .  He also played Henry L . Stimson , Secretary of War in the 1995 HBO telefilm `` Meteor ''  He also appeared in the 1972 Broadway production of `` That Championship Season ''  He was one of the
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public today .  Over a million people visit the walls every year , but this dropped to 910,000 last year .
Mitchell Keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago .  His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital .  They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated .  Mr Keenan 's father Keith , 62 , was also diagnosed with scabies and dementia .  He was evicted from his four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale , West
Police in Rhein Erft , Germany , received a bizarre phone call about a large kangaroo .  They assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the call .  They found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl , 20 kilometres south of Cologne .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .  Two days ago he was freed as terrorists stormed prison he was being held in .  Pictures show him relaxing in the governor 's palace in Mukalla , Yemen .
South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol 's wreck `` as soon as possible ''  Divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage , bringing the dead home .  Park Eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter , Huh Da-yun .  `` I cannot think about anything except to find my daughter and other missing people , ''
Emergency move came after premature reports that flames had been put out .  500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk .  The submarine 's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire .
Naomi Jacobs , 32 , was struck with Transient Global Amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory .  Last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on .  Mobile phones were still the size of a house brick , the
Michael Hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. . McGarr in 1980 .  He spent 36 years in jail before being finally released last November .  He was the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history .  Hanline said he was hoping to return to a normal life with his wife Sandy .  He said : ` All I want to
It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia .  But it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the White House .  It was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5am and 11pm , according to thenextweb . com .  Security consultant Bryan Seely created the listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland .  He said he created
South Korean authorities say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks .  The 2013 attack , known as `` Dark Seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters .  `` It would try to delete essentially all your files ... then restart the system , '' a digital forensic expert says .  The latest high-profile digital incursion
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the woman 's arm just in time .  The woman had apparently threatened to jump from a 10-storey Chinese tower block .  Police failed to convince the woman to climb back into a nearby apartment .  But before the ladder could be used the woman became agitated .  She lowered herself on to the edge of the ledge and called for help .  She was then
Disgraced former Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court Wednesday .  He argued that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme .  McDonnell and his wife , Maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific
A 16-year-old student walked into the commons at North Thurston High School in Lacey , Washington , on Monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses .  Brady Olson , 43 , who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's Instagram feed .  Users can now venture out to the app for a look at the full library .  Firm has also used Facebook to boost its ` mutual friends ' feature .  Firm says it will not let other visitors know it was part of a dating profile .  Tinder has also rolled out ` Tinder Plus
Brett Robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct .  She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect .  The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible '  A judge rejected her
Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd .  They believed it was engaged in illegal fishing off the west coast of Africa .  The Thunder had been fishing in waters between Sao Tome and Principe .  It sank in perfect conditions , leading to suspicions that it had been scuttled .  The crew of 40 men managed to escape into life rafts before the vessel
Invitations to the service at St Paul 's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington 's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 .  But the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree '  Waterloo 200 chairman , Major General Sir Evelyn Webb-Carter , defended the ` no triumphalism ' theme .
Jackson Byrnes , 18 , was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago .  He was told he would not operate due to how deep the cancer was .  His family found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation .  The Casino teenager is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for his surgery .  He is just under $ 4,000
The 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal .  The allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him and asking them to carry out household duties .  Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence .  He had his licence cancelled in 2013 after a string of complaints , including suggesting to a
The 86-year-old , from Baldock , Hertfordshire , stars alongside Flo Dron , 22 .  The new campaign is a collaboration between the footwear brand and the high street store .  Stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on and the shoes are worn with pieces from the brand 's SS2015 collection .  At the time of the interview in 2011 , Daphne was still commanding # 1,000
CNN 's Richard Quest was in Kathmandu when he was hit by a strong aftershock .  There 's some structural damage to buildings , but it 's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake .  Temporary shelters have been put up , but very few -- 16 -- by the government .
Teenage waitress claims Aaron Lennon grabbed her and ripped her top .  18-year-old fled to the toilet in tears after incident at Suede nightclub in Manchester .  He was interviewed by police on suspicion of assault earlier this month .  Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing .  Lennon , who has 21 England caps , lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre .
Manhattan-based skin clinic Skin Laundry , which also has clinics in California and Arizona .  Clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner , as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated .  The clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings-and frequent visitors are known to bring in cookies
Rangers bounced back from Thursday 's defeat by Queen of the South .  Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece at Ibrox .  The win means Rangers and Hibs remain level on 61 points .
Angela Kelly , 67 , spent many years wearing high heel shoes .  At 5ft 3in , Kelly had always loved the extra height afforded by her favourite heels .  Even the first twinge of arthritis , which began in her right knee in her early 30s , could n't persuade her to kick her heel habit .  She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break .  300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point went to the toilet .  Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .  Some runners were ` in tears ' while one described
Drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the zoo 's chimp enclosure .  Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in Arnhem .  The craft was able to fly around the zoo-before arriving at the chimpanzee 's enclosure .
For the first time , Zella Jackson Price , 76 , and Melanie Diane Gilmore , 49 , met in-person at Price 's Olivette home .  When Price gave birth at Homer G . Phillips Hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died .  But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up
Red Cross has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen .  Coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi ` ite Houthis .  UN last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting .  It called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes .  But hopes of getting
Kenneth Stancil , 20 , is accused of shooting dead 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Monday morning .  He allegedly shot Lane , who worked in the college 's print shop , for trying to molest his brother .  He was removed from the courtroom on Thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table .  He told the judge
Tabitha Bennett allegedly met the girl at a corner in New Port Richey , Florida , and allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older-year-old girl , according to police .  Bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses .  Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones .
Manny Pacquaio takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .  The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown .  He thanked Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support on Instagram .  The pair also thanked NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .  Pacquiao 's trainer , Freddie Roach , believes he is better equipped to
Alfred Guy Vuozzo , 46 , shot dead Brent McGuigan , 68 , and son , Brendon , 39 , last August .  He was two years old when his sister , Cathy , was killed in a crash in 1970 .  Brent 's father , Herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received nine-month sentence .  After more than 40 years of torment , he confronted driver
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year .  But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous '  Ukip 's manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the level of the cap ` might change every year '  Tories accuse Mr Farage of ` making up his policies as he goes
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 .  It ended up being sold for # 739,212-a record for the auction house .  It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple-the license plate still bears his initials .  When it is ready , it could be worth more than # 1million .  It was
Jaysh Al-Islam , or Army of Islam , is a militant group that opposes ISIS and Syrian regime .  Thousands of troops , tanks and special forces soldiers took part in military parade in Damascus .  They are part of the group which is allegedly being funded by Saudi Arabia .  The insurgent group was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales .  The remains , which were discovered in Panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .  In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .  Nanokogia isthmia is a new
Kim Callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children .  As she became heavier she worried her husband would not see her as the ` sexy ' woman he married .  Before her weight loss she was limited to a size 28 figure-hiding garments .  She turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape .  The housewife 's diet consisted
